This is soft, rounded and light. Baked apples and a creamy texture come with a refreshing burst of acidity tempered by a lightly toasty character. The wine is ready to drink.
This is a nicely balanced wine from estate-grown vines, a mix of licorice and raspberry that offers luxurious mouthfeel and texture atop surprising acidity. A small amount of Viognier was used in fermentation to provide some additional lift and floral aromas, while a dustiness prevails on the finish.
This is a pale-colored wine with a finely wrought texture and great fruit. It is tight and mineral on the one hand, but balanced with the crispest red-currant flavors that offer a bright line in acidity. Delicious hints of age round out the final fresh aftertaste.
For a wine made from young-vine fruit, this is reasonably concentrated and structured. Ample tannins support black-cherry and mocha flavors, then finish long and dusty in texture.
A very good interpretation of Sangiovese. A pretty sharp mouthfeel, but maybe that's to be expected from this high-acid variety. Otherwise, it's nice and dry, with complex cherry, red currant, licorice, leather and sandalwood flavors. Good with spicy beef, pork and veal dishes.
This single-vineyard selection shines, with nuanced layers of granite, lead pencil, pepper and espresso around a core of dense black cherry and cassis. The power and concentration mark it as special. Still compact and lightly earthy, it's blessed with perfectly ripe and proportionate tannins, ensuring a good long life ahead.
A full style of Sauvignon Blanc, offering white fruits as well as herbaceous citrus and gooseberry flavors. It is pure, clean, with the brightest acidity, finishing with a touch of almonds.
Enhanced with 5% Viognier, this wine shows baking spice, gingerbread cookies and blueberry-boysenberry juice on the nose. There's a healthy dollop of Indian spices like cardamom on the palate, but the framing of cherry juice needs a bit more power to fully impress.
Crisp red plum and cherry flavors accented with ripe, brambly wood notes are pleasant, but coarse tannins combined with a slightly craggy acidity make this Long Island Cab Franc less than harmonious on the palate.
Stalky aromas suggest weedy underbrush and celery, with whiffs of salted appetizers and sweat. The meaty, impenetrable palate delivers rubber, mocha, and a confectionary note alongside chewy tannins and searing alcohol.
This is not the inky-viscous powerhouse you'd expect from this sun-drenched territory. Rather, it is an understated expression of the hearty Negroamaro grape (some Malvasia Nera too) with blackberry, ash, and cherry that are fleshed out over a firm structure with bright acidity.
Mild volatility and dry herbal scratchy aromas of nondescript berry fruits lead to a somewhat soft palate. Flavors of generic berry fruits and chocolate finish ripe and chunky, with leftover notes of chocolate.
This smells gritty, much like burnt leather. After that, stalky, herbal aromas rise up. In the mouth, it's grabby and tannic but not overly hard, with earthy, roasted flavors of leathery berry and salt. A savory tasting finish with modest fruit is lengthy and feels solid.
A bit on the soft, overripe side, with currant, licorice, cherry, cocoa and oak flavors. But it's dry, and the tannins are fancy. Drink it fresh out of the bottle with a grilled steak.
Gets the job done with simple, Zinny flavors of wild berries, tobacco, spices and herbs, wrapped in firm tannins. A bit sharp on the finish, but fine as an inexpensive everyday red.
Showing some of the richness and structure of Vosne-Romanée, this is a concentrated wine, spiked with wood aging while also full of dark plum fruits. It is still integrating, bringing the spice from the wood more into balance. Drink from 2015.
This brisk, satisfying Chardonnay offers plenty of varietal flavors of tropical fruit and green apple, with a smoky jacket of oak.
From the east of the Bordeaux region, this light and juicy wine has attractive, forward acidity and the gentlest of tannins. Fresh and fruity, it is ready to drink.
Imagery's wines, across the board, keep getting better and better, and this single-vineyard Cab is the latest example. It's dry and complex, with cassis and blackcurrant flavors that are seasoned with toasty oak. Finishes balanced and elegant.
A nice, lush and tart Pinot whose dryness comes as a welcome surprise, given the massive fruit. Cherries, raspberries, currants, cola and smoky cedar flood the mouth, yet the finish is crisp and balanced. With its silky texture, this “deep end” wine is best now and for a few years.
Hints of biscuits and smoked nuts lend a toasty feel to fresh floral and stone-fruit aromas on this balanced sparkling Chardonnay. Soft, delicate bubbles carry flavors of yellow cherries and blossoms accented with fresh, lemony acidity.
A blend of equal Chardonnay and Pinot Noir exclusively from Grand Cru vineyards. It is a rich wine, tightly textured with citrus and tangy acidity. There is a tense core of crispness, with intense fruit and a dry aftertaste. This is a fine bottling that should age further, so drink from 2018.
Pretty much like a good Dry Creek Zinfandel, maybe even spicier. This red wine is medium-bodied, dry and very fruity, with flavors of wild cherries, blackberries, blueberries and chocolate. Great with a charbroiled steak or burgers.
With six months of oak aging, this wine has both richness and spicy concentration. It is densely structured and solid with tannins. The black fruits are spreading through the wine, giving another element of richness. Dark and dense, the wine needs to age further. Drink from 2018.
This is a big but balanced and juicy Cab that's loaded with dark fruit aromas and flavors: black plum, cherr, and cassis mingle with spicy accents of vanilla, black currant leaf and crushed violet petals. Firm tannins and a tight structure fill the medium-weight mouth, with a soft dryness lingering through the finish.
This dense, black-colored wine throws great weight around. It's firmly concentrated, with stylish elegance from perfectly ripe black-currant fruits. Dark and lush, it finishes with soft acidity. It could benefit from several years aging, so drink from 2017.
Red currant and red cherry fruit mark this wine's nose. Its palate is slightly dilute, with an herbal tisane touch. A light-bodied, country-style red that will do well when chilled and in a picnic basket.
Intriguing aromas of lime leaf, green apple, mint and apricot rise up. The stone fruit flavors drink close to dry and are lighter in style but with a pleasing sense of balance.
Packed with acidity as much as fruit, this is a tight, intensely fresh wine. There are some hints of tannins from the Pinot Noir as well as raspberry fruits, although the crisp acidity shows most strongly.
Aromas of black raspberry, black cherry and a cinnamon spice are laid across a slate-driven minerality on the nose of this bottling. It's plush on the sip, with hibiscus and raspberry notes, lifted by pepper, camphor and white sage elements.
An aromatically subtle wine with notes of mortared herbs, flowers and cherry. The fruit flavors are elegantly styled, broadening with time, with a slightly gritty feel to the tannins but with a long finish.
A sound, everyday Pinot that's dry and silky and fruity. With pleasant cherry, cola, wintergreen, vanilla and spice flavors, it's a bit scoury in texture.
It's rare to find such a full-bodied red from the same region as Vinho Verde. This ripe and juicy wine is packed with delicious velvet plum flavors. There is acidity, but the wine is so sweet and soft. Drink over the next year.
This has a charred, roasted opening along with big black-fruit aromas. Saturated and full-bodied, it offers flavors of baked berry, plum and herbs. It's long, expectedly toasty and fully oaked on the finish, with chunky, rubbery tannins. Drink through 2016.
Strawberry cream on the nose and a subtle touch of lemon blended in with strawberry flavors gives this rosé a pretty balance of sweet and crisp. Fun, but with substance, it could be paired with everything from a light seafood salad to a heartier poultry dish.
At first, this is plump on the nose, with cherries and warm star anise. Aromas of dried plum skins, orange rind and bitter black tea then reveal layers of complexity. Light in body and energetic on the palate, it shows strong peppery spice against the tart red fruit, making for a very lively experience.
Oak, licorice and grilled rosemary aromas lead the nose. The palate offers espresso, toast, dried cherry and sage flavors, pulled taut by close-grained tannins that leave an astringent finish.
This is a dark and tannic wine, very firm and dense. It has weight while also allowing room for acidity. The ripe blackberry fruits are still buried beneath this tannic character, needing more time to show through. It is likely to remain a dry wine with a tough aftertaste.
This wine is mostly Grenache (70%) along with Mourvèdre and Syrah. The aromas of raspberry and peppery spices are light and pure. The red-fruit and plum flavors are elegant yet sumptuous in feel, with the oak pulled back. It's unabashedly appealing and a great value to boot.
The nose is initially rather closed but eventually reveals baked earth, leather, game and ripe black fruit. The taut, tense palate offers dried black cherry, toasted oak, mocha and vanilla alongside grainy tannins.
Earthy aromas of scorched earth, underbrush and a funky note of barnyard lead the nose. The palate isn't very expressive, offering dried cherry and kitchen spices alongside assertive tannins.
An initial earthy feel leads to rich fruit—red currant and berry—and soft acidity. The wine is ripe, full, with a bitter fruit edge.
A smidgen of Cabernet Franc is blended into this wine, the grapes sourced from vineyards on both Diamond and Howell mountains. Ripe raspberry and cassis compote give it a juicy expansiveness on the midpalate, before finishing accented in cedar and pencil shavings within a complex wave of dry tannin.
Intense honeysuckle perfume is offset by enticing complexities of mushroom and earth in this sprightly off-dry Riesling. Concentrated tangerine and stone fruit flavors extend through a long, sunny finish. It's showing well already but should continue to improve through 2020.
Textbook Maipo aromas of herbal berry fruit, olive, tobacco and earth carry the nose. Feels good and tastes sweet and ripe, with herbal-leaning flavors of cassis and blackberry. Finishes smooth, with carob and more herbal character.
Lightly spritzy, this tastes of crisp apple and finishes just off-dry. It's deliciously refreshing, bright and tangy. Drink now.
Rich and full bodied, Phil's Selection Zin is a statement on blackberry jam layered in leathery goodness with slight accents of spice and tobacco. A big bold wine that'll need big bold flavors to match.
This full-bodied wine is a blend of Sauvignon Blanc and Sémillon. It has a creamy texture and is a little heavy. The flavors are of apricots, lemons and limes.
This bottling offers more density and heft than usually found in this category of Italian reds. The bouquet offers bright berry, cherry, leather and spice notes.
Dig into this if you like superripe, rich Malbec. This is loaded with graphite, smoky oak, blackberry and baking spice aromas. Expect maximum ripeness across the palate, meaning bearish flavors of berry fruits, wood and toast. There's not a lot of distance or complexity to the finish, but getting that far is half the fun.
This is a young tawny (in this case, on average five-years-old) that has kept all its fruit and just added perfumed dried fruits and touches of spice and attractive oxidation from the wood aging. The wine is soft, ripe and easy to drink.
Peachy Canyon's least expensive wine is a soft, simple, and rather sweet with candied raspberry and cherry flavors.
Rustic and acidic, this is dry, with cherry flavors. The harshness will benefit from decanting, but it's not an ager.
Balanced and fresh, with good fruit sources (Milbrandt, Kiona, Tapteil, Bacchus) and Cabernet (20%) and Syrah (5%) providing backbone and spice. Cherry fruit dominates, with a generous slash of vanilla from new American oak.
Light and fresh, although on the thin side. The wine has some delicate white fruit and toast flavors, light acidity and some minerality. Drink now.
Red-berry fruit with a heavy dose of herb and bell pepper marks this red blend. The mouthfeel is smooth, but the acidity is high and the wine finishes slightly tart, with a green note. Another victim of this tough year. (We'll look forward to the 1999.)
Here's an intense, nervy wine, brilliantly acidic, layered and rich. It has enormous lemondrop, mango and pineapple flavors and lots of smoky, vanilla-accented new oaky notes, and is creamy in the mouth. The finish is long, lush and spicy. This is a real palate flatterer.
A dry, late-harvest wine from 20-year-old vines. Floral with a subtle honey note, more like pollen; lemon and orange candy, sleek and deep.
With no oak influence at all, this stainless steel-fermented and aged young wine is crisp and clean in vibrant acidity. It shows lemongrass, Lifesaver lemon and lime, and vanilla spice flavors that are just a little sweet in the finish.
The color is midnight black and tannins are big and tough. The fruit is enormous, offering an explosion of blackberries and succulent plums, with hints of bacon, mu shu plum sauce, caramelized oak and freshly crushed black pepper. Stick this in the cellar until at least 2022.
This new family-run enterprise offers exceptional value among a tight portfolio of Rieslings and Pinot Noirs. This pretty fruit-powered wine used native yeast, received minimal handling, and was aged 18 months in 10% new oak. Orange slices and sweet cherry juice combine in a fresh and forward effort perfect for summer sipping.
For now, wood smoke dominates nose and palate, enveloping generous fruit with a mellow, sonorous and even tannic coat. The dense, starched-velvet texture owes as much to ripe but fresh fruit as to new oak. This is big, bold and young. This will become much friendlier with time in bottle. Drink 2018–2025.
The barrel aromas are far out front, with notes of vanilla extract, dill and wood spice. The oak shows heavily on the palate as well, making it nearly impossible to get at the fruit and giving the wine a gritty feel.
A nice wine with aromas of lead pencil, violets, black fruit and a sprinkling of lemon zest. The palate has body and a chunky outlook, while the flavors of berry fruits, spice and something slightly exotic work. A solid, approachable wine that should bring a smile to the face of any Malbec lover.
This is the kind of wine that negociant Don Sebastiani & Sons produces so well. For an everyday price, you get a pretty nice Cabernet, dry and spicy, with a good punch of berry fruit.
Golden in color and showing some signs of browning, this wine is aromatic with notes of brown sugar, honey and dried pear. It's intensely sweet (194g/L residual sugar), with a layered feel.
The wine is fresh and crisp with a tangy texture that suggests a strongly mineral character. Slowly, a more creamy feel comes through, bringing out melon and pear flavors. Drink this attractive wine now.
Despite the age of this wine, it's still bright and lively, with clean and upfront aromas and flavors of orange citrus, white melon rind, white peach and firm pear. The palate is vibrant and fresh, with mouthwatering acidity that follows through to the toast-laced finish.
Winemaker John Kinney blends 50% Cabernet Sauvignon from Galles Vineyard with 50% Del Arroyo Vineyard Petite Sirah, trying to take advantage of the Cab's floral, herbal notes and the Petite's concentration and wall of tannins. He has largely succeeded. This dark-black wine is very much full of intense cherry and structured tannins and leathery spice. Petite Sirah lovers will particularly swoon.
One of the most beautiful package designs in the state introduces a fresh and toasty wine that translates this cool, wet vintage into a most delicate and enjoyable bottle of Pinot. Light cranberry and cherry fruit is set in a gently proportional bed of tart acid and pretty oak, 40% new.
Made by the folks at Frankland Estate, this Shiraz contains 5% Viognier, which didn't add the nuances that it typically does. Starts off on the nose with black and green pepper, which turns to toast and ink with some time in the glass. Inky on the palate, yes, but also a touch shrill. Imported by USA Wine West.
This barrel selection is difficult to spot, because the word “estate” is just very lightly imprinted under the name Lenné. It's clearly a bigger juicier more tannic wine than its excellent sibling, with deep flavors of raspberry fruit, highlights of white pepper, and acids that push the flavors down through the palate.
This is the third vintage of a wine from a single parcel of ungrafted vines, produced in a walled vineyard within the ruins of the Sancerre city walls. The vines are a selection from the family's Les Romains vineyard. It cannot be labeled Sancerre because of the experimental methods used in its production. The wine is young, needing to age to develop its concentrated fruits and rich apple and apricot flavors. Tight and tense at this stage, it will develop slowly. Drink this rare wine from 2019.
Matetic makes a clean, tropical, racy style of Gewürz that's a lot like Torrontés from Argentina. The palate is fresh with kick, while flavors of lemon-lime, lychee and passion fruit are true to the grape and set up a medium-length finish with exotic spice notes. This is perfect for Asian foods.
Stewy, baked aromas of raisin and prune boldly announce that this Malbec is ripe to the point of overripe. The palate is syrupy and soft; cooked, baked flavors of blackberry syrup finish  sticky, stewy and slightly bitter.
Here's an oak-aged expression of Carignano that shows the very best of winemaking on the Italian island of Sardinia. This is an important wine with alluring complexity and sophistication. The aromas include elements of red fruit, mineral and spice. It imparts sweet, enduring tannins in the mouth.
This Foursight Pinot is one of two, in amount of oak used (40% new oak in this case).This is light in color, earthy with mushroom-y spice tones and a darker fruit and oak expression than other, lighter-styled Anderson Valley Pinots. The vineyard is closer to Boonville and thereby typically warmer than the valley's Deep End.
Another small-production stunner from Terre Rouge, this Syrah is still young and tight but potentially potent. The wine opens with notes of white pepper and mushroom, dirt and earth, delving from there into herbs and plenty of berries. Very savory it will pair deliciously with Gruyère, bacon and mushroom, preferably all together in a quiche or tart.
The stems that were included in the fermentation give this wine a full-bodied, tannic mouthfeel, as well as adding to the spices. With raspberry, cherry and mocha flavors, it's a powerful Pinot that wants two or three years in the cellar.
Designed by Delicato winemaker James Ewart as a Pinot with power that can handle a steak, this wine features a dense, dark nose, with blackberry, olallieberry and red currant cut by allspice, clove and licorice-vanilla cookies. The palate is rich and luxurious, with ripe cranberry and red-cherry elements spiced up with mocha, cappuccino and long-lingering vanilla bean. It's boisterous and fresh, so drink now with a juicy rib-eye.
Pretty standard Chardonnay, with a creamy texture and oaky tropical fruit flavors. Not bad for the price, if you're in a Chard mood.
There's a progression of aromas here, with some bright candied fruit alongside rum cake, dried ginger, licorice and forest floor. The fruit component resembles crème de cassis and red currant. Despite all that pretty movement in the bouquet, the wine is lean and bright in the mouth, and gets the job done in terms of keeping the palate refreshed.
Velvety texture with strong but not overly astringent tannins. A big, intense nose loaded with black raspberries, chocolate pudding and accents of menthol. The mouth offers suggestions of violets and spice along with dark friut, and leads into a lingering finish. A complex and immensely satisfying selection for the price.
Tabalí is swimming upstream by making good, fairly rich Cabernet in cool, coastal Limarí, but who's complaining? This wine starts with jammy raspberry, cherry and cassis aromatics, which are followed by a solid blast of cherry and cassis flavors. There's grab and sweet residue to the finish, but overall this is a tasty, ripe wine that's showing well.
Finely balanced, elegant wine, its acidity deliciously integrated with firm tannins and red berry fruits. There is the potential for aging here, with the mineral edge from the chalk (calcário) soil, but it is very drinkable now.
Whiffs of musk and violet perfume offset ripe peach and tangerine notes on this off-dry, yet intensely fruity Riesling. Bracing lime-tinged acidity and fresh herbal tones lend grace and vitality through the finish. Balanced and elegant in style.
Sangiovese from this appellation is quite a rarity. This one offers aromas of vanilla, coconut and dark cherries that are followed by full-bodied fruit and barrel flavors. The variety gets lost in the oak but it still brings appeal.
“Swan Song” indicates that this is the last vintage of Cabernet to be produced from this vineyard block. So enjoy it while it's here: There's plenty of dry black cherry, licorice, cola and smoked meat, and dusty tannins with nice grip close the show. Our critique is that this is an excellent finalé.
Red currant and red berry fruits show strongly in this wine from Virginie Aubrion's biodynamic vineyards. The tannins are strong, although leaving space for the fruitiness. It needs to develop, with good acidity likely to come through. Drink from 2016.
Strawberry syrup aromas laced with woody scents of cigar box kick off this wine from industry veterans John and Lane Giguiere. There is lots of vibrant acidity on the palate, carried by flavors of pomegranate and cranberry juice.
Tasted along with a dozen other single vineyard selections from Ken Wright, this feels a bit thin, but only in relation to a portfolio of astonishing power and depth. Truffle, red berries and sharp acidity combine nicely, though the finish falls away rather quickly.
From Pisoni, a huge, flashy and forward wine, stuffed with cherry-chocolate fruit flavors. It's a little awkward now in the way its youthful tannins, oak and fruit haven't consolidated. Should knit together and improve in the next year or so.
From coastal counties between Mendocino and Santa Barbara, a nice, supple wine that has plenty of Pinot character. Don't expect depth or ageability, but this black raspberry-flavored wine has soft, silky tannins and a spicy finish.
Enticing aromas of wild berry, spring blossom, citrus and orchard fruit take center stage on this savory rosato. The vibrant palate doles out crushed raspberry, juicy Marasca cherry, fennel seed and a hint of nutmeg alongside refreshing acidity. It closes crisp and clean.
This wine retains some of the vineyard's firm, taut black cherry fruit, but its edges seem sanded down, smoothed over. It feels oddly soft in the mouth, but rough in the finish, somehow manipulated. This exceptional vineyard is capable of much more.
Dusty and dry smelling, with apple and lettuce on the nose. Flavors of green apple are glazed with spice and cinnamon, while the finish leans on papaya and pretty good mouthfeel and texture. Very basic but solid. Drink now.
Here's a pungent and intense Italian sparkler (made with Chardonnay, Pinot Bianco and Pinot Nero) that opens with bright aromas of apricot, mature melon, white almond and yellow rose. The wine is smooth and silky, and there's a ripe, warm quality to the fruit flavors.
This has an almost steely spine running through it, with concentrated raspberry fruit bedecked by streaks of herb, thistle, pepper and green leaf. The barrel-aging brings in nougat and a lick of coconut cream pie.
From a small family vineyard along the appellation's highest slopes, this is a powerfully concentrated, mountain-driven wine, leathery, grippy and dusty in tannin. Black licorice, raspberry and blackberry jam flavors provide weight and expansion on the palate, with a touch of heat on the finish.
The fruit here is pure, fresh with the merest hints of its future richness. The green fruits, citrus and acidity are prominent, with a hint of toast and a finishing line of minerality. It needs to age, so drink from 2017.
The winery does not give us exact new oak statistics, but oak dominates the aroma and flavor of this Cab. Beyond the caramel, smoke and toasty vanilla meringue, the blackberry and currant flavors are a little thin.
Big and ripe in flavor, this Zin bursts with cherries, raspberries, currants, cola, cedar and a great big burst of black pepper. It's tannic, soft and a little sweet.
This blend of 50% Cabernet Sauvignon, 40% Cabernet Franc and 10% Merlot has aromas of orange peel, plum, coffee, vanilla and herbs. It's elegant in style with soft fruit flavors and a light tannic structure along with quite tart acids.
This Riserva blend of Negroamaro, Montepulciano and Malvasia Nera delivers very ripe and rich notes of strawberry jam and fruit preserves. The mouthfeel is polished and well-structured, but the wine exhibits a mature taste profile.
Dark plum and black currant fruit meet light licorice spice, violet and cedar aromas on the dense and dark nose of this bottling. The flavors are very wound-up and shy still, with char, loamy earth and floral notes. A core of cassis hides behind a veil of stiff tannins, and acidity pops on the finish.
A soft, delicious Pinot, although you should give it an hour or two in a decanter to let it breathe. It's rich and sweet in raspberry, cherry, brown sugar and cinnamon flavors, showing the warmth of its vineyard origin. Drink now.
Dusty. Chinese black tea, blackstrap molasses, anise, allspice. Tons of spice rub, Chinese 5 spice, a hint of cherry. Mouth: Fruity sweetness that quickly recedes behind a wall of tannins. Spicy. Dried cherry, sour cherry candy. Rich, big, intricate, nuanced. Now - 2010.
Mature black plum, tobacco, crushed violet, cake spice and toast aromas mingle together in the glass. The taut full-bodied palate delivers dried black cherry, prune, espresso, orange peel and licorice alongside a backbone of close-grained tannins. This is still extremely young and tightly wound, so give it time to fully develop. Drink 2019–2029.
Back on form after the disappointing 2008, Nobilo's Icon deftly combines hints of honey and stone fruit with a leafy overlay of herbal flavors. It's medium bodied, with a finish that's tinged with tobacco leaf. Drink now and over the next 6–9 months.
Smoky and complex, with herb, earth and mixed berry aromas setting the stage for a supple mouthfeel and pleasant red-berry and earth flavors. Finishes a little short, but pretty good stuff overall. Imported by Via Pacifica Imports.
A new brand from Scott Paul, this relatively value-priced wine is tight and tart, with cranberry and black cherry fruit. The acidity juts out a bit, though that may improve with additional bottle age.
Though labeled simply White Table Wine, this is all Riesling, done in an off-dry (3.1% residual sugar) style. The fruit is a powerful burst of apricot and peach, annotated with honey and caramel apples. It's sweet enough to have a little brown sugar-style graininess as well; could work with some desserts but also with spicy foods if the wine is well chilled.
Light in color, this tight, stalky wine is a blend of Pinot Noir, Cabernet Franc and Pineau d'Aunis. It comes from a region that is probably too cool for red wines, showing an herbal character that suggests underripe grapes. The wine might show better in a warmer vintage.
This blend of 75% Cabernet Sauvignon, 13% Cabernet Franc and 12% Merlot shows very interesting aromas of cola, root beer, licorice, blackberry leather, violet and a hint of caramel. Black-cherry juice flavors are seasoned with lavender, black pepper and black tea, quite tasty, though not as intriguing as the nose.
Mint, smoked sausage and pepper lead this slightly rigid red. Tea leaves, tobacco and spice on the palate show this wine can age well, but may be slightly past its prime.
What a nice wine for drinking now and over the next few years. At the age of nearly four, it's mellow and rich, with the blackberry fruit and oak flavors achieving a savory marriage. Finishes dry, spicy and tart.
A well-made, delicious Pinot Noir. While it's a bit heavy for this variety, almost like a Grenache, there's no denying the wealth of cherry, licorice, bacon and cola flavor. Should hold well in the bottle over 3–5 years.
Hard and charred on the nose at first, this sheds its tire-like aromas for cleaner berry-fruit notes with airing. A full grabby palate is a bit rough and awkward, while roasted berry, plum and oak flavors finish minty and resiny.
Floral aromas of peach and orange blossom are offset by an oily note of citrus extract. This feels good, albeit soft, with mild acidity and chunky weight. Flavors of honey, exotic spices, burnt banana and candied mango lose steam on a friendly, soft finish. Drink through 2018.
A well-balanced, taut Syrah, walking the tightrope between juicy and astringent, with a forceful minerality under the fresh berry fruit. Like a bite of fresh boysenberry pie, with a hint of pie crust along with the delicious fruit. The acidity and overall balance suggest that aging this wine another 6–8 years will continue to improve it.
Enticing aromas of white flower, ripe orchard fruit and a hint of slate mingle in the glass. The round palate offers juicy white peach, creamy green apple, tropical fruit and almond alongside fresh acidity. A mineral note signals the finish.
Sweet and rich in fruit and smoky oak, with thick tannins and the rustic mouthfeel of a youthful Petite Sirah. The flavors are of jammy blackberries, cherries, leather, coffee and black pepper. Should age for a long time without necessarily gaining elegance.
Not for the faint-hearted, this Zin is brawny and tannic, and high alcohol gives it a fierce burn. But it's fully dry, and has strong, deep flavors of dark forest berries, leather, tobacco and peppery spices. Now–2012.
This wine's matchstick, dark fruit, vanilla, herb and spice aromas are brooding. It's full and rich on the palate, with dark fruit flavors that linger on the finish.
Iris, rose, leather and dark berry aromas lift out of the glass while the dense, straightforward palate offers licorice, dried black cherry, herb and a hint of espresso. Robust but polished tannins provide the framework.
This is rich in spice, herbal characteristics and tangy acidity. It has a strongly mineral edge along with green fruits and tight lemon zest. Drink from 2017. André Lurton bought de Rochemorin in 1973; the estate has grown vines since the 16th century.
A Chardonnay-based sparkler, this rich and concentrated wine has a luscious mix of apricot, peach and papaya fruit flavors in a creamy, textural setting. Exceptional length and development in the glass, which keeps bringing in nuances such as vanilla and pepper.
Made from Syrah and Grenache, this blend shows the strengths and weaknesses of its style. While it's forwardly delicious and complex in cherry, licorice, bacon, black pepper, mocha and sandalwood flavors, it's rather soft.
With its toasty nose of baked apples and popcorn, the wine gives off a barrely welcome. The palate is a touch resiny in feel, but it's stout and solid, with tropical flavors of pineapple and melon. Falls a little flat on the finish as banana notes enter the fray. Drink now.
Made with 50% Merlot, 35% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Syrah and 5% Petit Verdot, this has subdued aromas suggesting underbrush, clove, dark-skinned berry and French oak. The smooth vibrant palate delivers red currant, unripe cherry, mocha and dried sage alongside fine-grained tannins. An orange zest note closes the finish.
A dense, smooth and opulent wine bursting with ripe Cabernet Sauvignon flavors. It's regal and well structured, balancing the natural exuberance of Mouton with a more severe side. This is a wine with power, yet not without its charms from the fruitiness and final acidity. This great wine will age many, many years.
This tastes bone dry, with a caramel note that's followed by light, bright notes of red berry and apple. The finish is crisp and tight.
Quite standard, but therein lies its virtues. Nothing wild or funky here, just fresh aromas of peach and melon along with good pear and apple flavors. Proper acidity keeps it moving forward, and while it finishes sweet, it holds the line on balance. Admirable for the price. Imported by Winebow.
Generous and flavorful, this is one of the best California AVA wines available. It's concentrated and tannic, with medium-full body, a hint of sweetness and layers of dark cherry and plum fruit. Baking spice nuances linger on the finish. Best after 2019.
Stewy plum and cherry jam lie at the heart of this densely layered, though silky-smooth wine, light bodied and ethereal despite the ripeness of fruit flavor. It finishes simply and without fuss.
Bright and savory, this opens with enticing aromas of wild berry, fragrant blue flower, rose and a whiff of exotic spice. The silky, easy-drinking palate offers succulent Marasca cherry, black raspberry, white pepper and a hint of clove alongside lithe tannins and fresh acidity.
Surprisingly, this is the producer's first blended Cabernet from the appellation, though it has long made vineyard-designates there. Combining fruit from the Bosche and Sycamore sites, it opens expansively in sizable tannin and dusty oak, before interweaving spicy black pepper, leather and soft infusions of blackberry and cherry.
Creamy, lush and somewhat robust, this dry sparkler offers a thick mousse and touch of richness in its mix of nutty bread dough, green apple, pear and lime.
This fresh blend of Trebbiano and Vermentino from the hills outside Pisa offers pretty aromas of green fruit, kiwi, melon, cut grass and passion fruit. This is a crisp and fresh with a sharp, determined close.
A relatively full style of Muscadet that has a strong grapefruit flavor. It is ripe—that's the vintage—while still retaining a good citrus edge.
A little too soft, but otherwise this is a rich red wine, packed with flavor. Tastes of ripe blackberries, cherries and red currants, with pleasant complications of licorice and bacon. Drink now.
The production of Malbec at Three Rivers has risen dramatically, and the new vintage seems considerably lighter and less complex than it previously did. Fruity and forward, it shows black cherry and cola flavors, with a light streak of licorice.
This dark wine opens with bright fruit aromas that are soft and straightforward. The wine presents bold cherry, blackberry and spicy rum cake flavors, and a mouthfeel that is fresh and round. The finish is dominated by chewy berry fruit.
Light and grapefruity, without much Pinot Gris character. An innocuous, fairly generic white wine.
Ripe and juicy, with an assortment of red, blue and black fruits and a smoky touch of oak.
Based on Cabernet with the other four Bordeaux varieties blended in, this wine is in your face with sweetly ripe cassis, cherry, red licorice, cocoa, cola and vanilla flavors. It would benefit from greater subtlety and restraint.
It's rare that domestic Chardonnay is truly Chablis-like, but this delicately framed wine fits that description perfectly. Nuanced with mineral and spice notes, this has melon and apple flavors that seem to sail on a gentle sea breeze. It doesn't slam you with oak, instead it seduces with you style.
This is a barrel-aged, punch-in-the-face blend of 62% Grenache and 38% Mourvèdre from Santa Maria-based winemaker Dave Corey, who sources most of his fruit from the Cuyama Valley. Its cherry syrup nose dives into a thick, juicy palate, heavily spiced with tobacco, laden with chalky tannins and ending with vanilla.
92-94 Big and tannic, very firm and tough. Yet all the fruit is there, offering great potential. There is a ripe, juicy aftertaste. Under the same ownership as Château Léoville-Poyferré in Saint-Julien.
Baked, earthy aromas of berry fruits are mature. This feels a bit rubbery and raw, with grabby tannins. Flavors of baked plum and berry fruits are limited in scope, while the finish is mature, sweet tasting and disjointed in feel.
Named after the many lighthouses which guide sailors on the French Atlantic coast, this soft and fruity wine is made from 100% Merlot. Crisp, with plenty of red fruit, it's light and ready to drink.
Green flower and herb notes lend freshness to this dry, full-bodied wine. Firmly structured with pleasant white-peach and lemon flavors, it's straightforward and tasty. Drink now.
Lively, full, tangy and precise. Our tasting panel was unanimous in its support for this minerally, citrusy wine; we very much liked its fresh green apple, grapefruit and white peach flavors, and we're sure it would be an excellent food wine, especially with fish. Imported by Frederick Wildman and Sons, Ltd.
Solid, dark, acidic and tannic wine made from five red grapes. The nose deals cola, olive, leather and undefined saucy aromas, which are backed by flavors of red fruits, herbs and olive. Finishes with a wave of red fruit flavor but also tough, grabby, lasting tannins. Drink now through 2013.
With its 10% alcohol, bright fruit and lush, round mouthfeel, this is more mainstream (and main meal) than the late harvest label would suggest. The sweetness is perfectly balanced against firm acids, and the fruit flavors combine citrus and peach with light streaks of honey.
Despite basic strawberry and red licorice aromas, this wine is decidedly tart. It hits with snappy nectarine flavors and then turns citric and finishes up sour. Doesn't offer much rosé pleasure; makes you wonder what's the point.
Shows just how difficult 2008 was for Marlborough Pinot Noir, with even this normally reliable producer stumbling at the low end. Roasted tomatoes and herbs finish tart and thin.
This is a simple rosé that could withstand some concentration. It was crafted from barrel-fermented Pinot Noir, and it shows very light flavors of watermelon and strawberry.
This wine is soft, with touches of honey and orange marmalade. It's made from late harvest grapes that have concentration and natural sweetness. Drink now.
A very pale wine, barely more than a rosé in hue, but very flavorful. Enraptures the palate with vanilla-scented raspberry Newton, orange biscotti, cola, buttered cinnamon toast and sandalwood flavors that swirl into a long, spicy finish. Not an ager, but perfect now with grilled salmon or a fine ham.
Brassfield is establishing a fine track record with this wine. It's wonderfully crisp and clean in acidity, with pure flavors of citrus fruits, lemongrass, apricots, wildflowers and white pepper. Fine as an aperitif sipper, or with almost anything that wants a dry, zesty white.
This fruity white Rhône-style blend has aromas and flavors of banana and honeydew melon, fresh acidity and a clean, tangy finish. It is medium bodied and refreshing, and will make a charming lunch or pre-dinner drink.
One of the best recognized Italian Moscato d'Astis in the U.S.and for good reason. Young winemaking brothers with I Vignaioli di Santo Stefano work under the guidance of Piedmont's historic Ceretto to produce a lusciously sweet semisparkler with vivid white flowers and stone fruits. A correct and consistent wine year after year. Imported by Moët Hennessy USA.
This is the winery's “mother block,” the oldest planting that dates back to 1999. Bright and spicy—perhaps a shade too bright—it hints at volatility. Raspberry and cherry fruit are matched with balanced tannins and a soft suggestion of clean earth.
A blend of Zweigelt and Bordeaux grapes, this is rich and spicy with black plum fruit and soft tannins. Acidity cuts through the opulent feel. It is juicy, ripe and ready to drink now.
Fragrant notions of orange peel accompany the red apple freshness. This has ample apple and orange fruit at the core, along with a pure, lemony zestiness that pulls everything taut and into focus. Full of life and tension, the wine makes you want to sip and sip again.
It's a clash of the titans now, with massively ripe blackberry, currant and chocolate flavors battling a battalion of oak and tannins for supremecy. It's a good wine—rich and soft in the Alexander Valley way—but unresolved. Try giving it 4–5 years in the cellar.
While not a generally declared year, 2012 has produced some excellent single-quinta wines. This full, ripe wine was fermented in open stone tanks and then kept in old wood for 12 months. It is richly structured with fine black fruit and a powerful aftertaste. Age this until 2024.
A bit of an odd duck, with both confected notes and a green, herbal character, this Cabernet Franc manages to charm nonetheless. There's some nice cigar tobacco in the mouth and notes of fall leaves framed by soft but persistent tannins. A good partner for fried chicken.
Fermentation was done in a mix of stainless steel and French oak, yielding a soft, accessible, lightly spiced wine. Flavors mix notes of fresh cut grass and celery with melony fruit.
Fondo Antico offers a clean and pretty Nero d'Avola without those messy, charred aromas you sometimes find in cheap versions of this indigenous grape. The nose is well put together, with elements of cherry, spice, almond and fresh citrus zest.
This is a textured wine with strong minerality as well as ripe white stone fruits. It is still young, full of life as well as intense fruitiness. The herbal hint at the end will integrate as this fine wine ages further. Drink from 2018.
Sweet and floral smelling, with jammy berry fruit pouring out of the bouquet. There's snap and lift to the mouthfeel along with rubbery berry, plum, chocolate and herbal flavors. Tight and grippy on the finish, which has an herbal tinge.
A luscious Zin, much better than the winery's '08. Made from old vineyards in the valley, it shows classic Dry Creek character, with firm tannins framing flavors of wild berries, dried red currants, pepper and sweet sandalwood. The alcohol is very high, if you're sensitive to that.
Filled with layers of red and black berries and accented with hints of vanilla and chocolate, this creamy-textured Shiraz shows some muscle as well, suggesting that while it is approachable now, it will age nicely over the next 10 years or so.
Leathery and rubbery at first, with aromatic accents of celery seed, barnyard and melted tar. The palate is lighter than the nose, with herbal plum flavors and a lean, strained body. Thin and fresh, but nothing special.
Not a very interesting wine, and evidence that this once unique and interesting winery has lost its cutting edge. This is an earthy wine with flavors of blackberries and plums. Turns watery on the finish.
Smells ripe and rich, with scents of baked apples and pineapples and a trace of honey, and the wine is plump in the mouth, full of citrus and melon flavors. Yet for some reason this sample lacked zip and verve to balance the fruit, ending somewhat short.
This is an unusual blend of Grenache and Pinot Noir, which are not often combined, neither in California nor in France. The winemaker is Jess Pisoni, and he has crafted a highly likeable blush. Pale in color and delicate in the mouth, it has ever-so-slightly lush flavors of orange tea, peaches and vanilla. The acidity is wonderful.
In previous years Sierra Vista used its Grenache only as a blender but no more. This bottling shows its rightful place as a standalone, savory and very herbal with meat and baking spices aplenty and all the bright, clean red raspberry and strawberry fruit a subtle Grenache can offer, all at a low alcohol level.
A reluctant nose slowly offers hard-to-tease aromas of blueberry, dark chocolate and loam. The palate also works to show its stuff, offering dried cherries and cedar. It's straight ahead and very drinkable, yet neither flashy nor complex.
Here's a ripe, earthy wine that is softly tannic and richly fruity. It has a fine balance between the warm blackberry fruits and solid structure. Made to be drunk young, it is already delicious. Screwcap.
Smoky char supports strong tobacco and leather notes in this full-bodied, quite tannic red. Blended with small amounts of Merlot and Petit Verdot, it boasts cherry and vanilla flavors that complement the spice.
This Catarratto-Chardonnay blend exhibits a luminous, straw color with aromas of white flower, stone fruit and talc powder. It's a clean, well-balanced summertime wine with peach flavors; would pair well with salmon. Imported by Winebow.
A fresh nose suggests both green and yellow pears. The palate shines with the freshness of both fruits—crisp, sunny, light and very fruity. The finish is clean and very refreshing.
While fresh pink grapefruit and Meyer lemon notes shine brightly on the nose and palate of this off-dry Riesling, there's a touch of savory allium that distracts. It's a juicy easygoing wine with approachably soft, sunny acidity. Drink now.
Starts with nice cassis and black-currant aromas with a kiss of smoky oak. It's pretty rich for this price, with some real varietal character. Drinks dry and soft and fruity. This would make a very nice everyday wine or an inexpensive by-the-glass selection in a restaurant.
A good Cabernet, dry and classic in black cherry, currant, plum jam and cedar flavors. It's a little irregular in the mouth, with cutting acidity, and its future is uncertain. Give it a long decant.
Very ripe fruit is discernible on nose and palate and gives a sense of generosity with even a touch of spice. Lemony freshness provides a wonderful counterpoint to this generosity and makes for a very appetizing moreish finish.
Burnt toast aromas show the youth of this wine. Their tannins dominate, giving a bitter chocolate and coffee character. The fruit is still lost here and needs 3–4 years to come out. An impressive wine for the future.
Produced from Aveleda's Quinta da Aguieira, this is a blend of typical Portuguese white grapes with a dash of Chardonnay. From old vines, it has concentration and a rich texture that is cut by fragrant acidity. There is a ripe feel to this impressive wine, generous and full of fruit. Drink now.
This wine captivates with its exotic aroma profile of citrus peel, mango, leather, cranberries and pepper. The acid is bright and it possesses a textured, palate-coating mouthfeel and a long finish that demands attention.
Juicy and ripe, yet briskly composed, this medium-bodied Pinot Noir boasts flavors of red cherry and strawberry preserves offset by crisp cranberry acidity. It's concentrated on the palate but finishes swiftly with just a feathery hint of tannins.
Big and rich, this full-bodied wine has an aroma like the crema on an espresso and abundant dark-fruit flavors. A wonderful, mouthcoating texture keeps the flavors lingering on the finish. The sense of layering and creaminess that extends after a sip is captivating.
There's a closed-off and slightly bitter edge to this wine, a blend of 35% Petit Verdot, 25% Malbec, 20% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Cabernet Franc and 10% Merlot. A weedy, herbal streak is most prominent throughout.
Dry, spicy aromas work well with core raspberry and earthy notes. The palate has a healthy mouthfeel and honest flavors of brown sugar, toast and black cherry. Spice and tempered caramel flavors grace the finish, which has vigor and confirms the value factor and overall quality.
Here is an extremely fragrant and buoyant Grechetto (with a small percentage of Chardonnay) that delivers bright tones of fresh flower, acacia, honey and white peach. It's light, fresh and would be perfect to serve on a hot summer day thanks to its cleansing freshness.
A huge improvement over prior vintages. Opens with powerful blackberry and balsamic aromas along with char. Feels comfortable, with toasty, oaky blackberry flavors accented by spice and pepper. Toasted and chocolaty on the finish. A full-bodied, smoky bruiser; only 290 cases made.
Sharp in minty acidity and sweet, this Cab comes across as rustic. Tastes like a blackberry, chocolate and licorice energy bar you buy in the health food store.
The wine's appearance perfectly fits what you dream of in Brunello Riserva, and so do its aromas. It opens with dark ruby concentration and intense aromas of black cherry, currants, wet earth and smoked bacon. In the mouth, this gorgeous wine is soft, supple and long lasting. Drink now or hold five more years.
A bit confected and rather sweet-tasting for a kabinett (38 g/l residual sugar), but there's no denying the prettiness of the fruit. Green apples are joined and rounded out by melon notes and finish on a drier, minerally note of crushed stone.
An extremely crisp Sauvignon Blanc with fresh lemony citrus aromas and flavors combined with subtle nuances of grass and underripe pineapple. A smooth texture and bracing acidity follow through to a slightly sour but clean, lingering finish.
This blend of 30% Carignan, 40% Grenache and 30% Syrah is easygoing and approachable, with medium-intense aromas and flavors of wild strawberry, black cherry, raspberry and fresh herbs. The palate is ripe and fruity, with dusty tannins and a clean, bright finish.
Made from a selection of high-end vineyards otherwise sourced for single-vineyard wines, this is a stellar offering and a steal of a deal for the quality, a mix of funky, lightly spiced dark plum and black cherry that's unfussy in its approach. Mouthcoating, it'll please a wide range of palates and meals.
A flamboyant Chardonnay. Shows flashy scents of vanilla and buttered toast from oak, riding high over pineapple, pear, golden mango and nectarine fruit. Crisp acidity provides needed balance to the richness. Good price for the quality.
Clean, pure and a touch slight, but fine in terms of minerality and zest. This is nice with lots of melon, lemon verbena and almond notes. It finishes very long and nutty, showing good acidity. Drink as soon as possible for best results.
Blended with a little Cabernet Sauvignon, this Petit Verdot succeeds wildly in appealing to the senses. It's rich, dry and smooth in tannins with intense oak, blackberry and chocolate flavors, with a little bit of warmth on the finish. Ready to drink now.
The vintage was a very ripe one, and the heat shows. It's very forward, almost jammy, in sweet strawberry and peach flavors. This robs the wine of some elegance and finesse, but it's still an attractive sipper.
Aromas of candied cherry, leather and tire rubber require some patience and swirling. This Tempranillo feels grabby and pinched, with roasted, almost burnt black-fruit flavors. Salty toasty notes carry a hard but sturdy finish.
This has big red berry flavors along with intense acidity topped by the dark, dry tannic structure. It will need some aging, so drink from 2017.
This feels dramatic from the start. It's silky and refined in texture, with brisk acidity and a bite of tannic astringency. It shows a rich core of cherry, cola and sandalwood flavors. This should hang in there over the next five years.
Perfumed florals mingle curiously with deep, dusty mineral notes on this bracing TBA. Sunny nectarine and tangerine flavors are mouthwatering and juicy, struck with acidity, then plunged into pools of sweet honey and nectar. It's a delightful sensory roller coaster that feels endless on the finish.
This is a tremendous value for such a good wine, made by Casey Flat Ranch winemaker Laura Barrett, a medium-textured swirl of grapefruit, melon and ripe orange. Grapes from Lake County also add a  tropical element, just right in the mix.
From an estate enveloping a magnificent medieval castle, this is a lightly structured cru wine with red cherry and berry flavors. It has a backdrop of tannins and acidity that give it structure. The wine is ripe and fruity at the end and ready to drink.
Solid, foursquare wine, full of structure and fruit, bringing light tannins into play with black plums and sweet acidity. But the wine also has a lightness of touch, offering approachability as well as concentration. Age for 3–4 years.
Smells of waxed citrus rinds, and although there's a hint of green apple to the flavors, that same citrusy note dominates. It's a light- to medium-bodied, relatively dry Riesling that could just use a touch more weight and power.
Light aromas of baking spice, vanilla and red fruit lead to well-balanced red-fruit and barrel flavors that taper toward the finish, with coffee flavors lingering.
Soft and direct. Tastes like a liquid granola bar, with melted flavors of raspberries, cocoa, roasted almonds, vanilla, cinnamon and brown sugar. Drink now.
A neutral nose offers mild notes of minerally rich vitamin but almost no discernible fruit. Lightly oaked pear flavors are distant and turn bitter in front of a finish that stands still.
In this gorgeous wine marked by dancing acidity, dry tannins persist around dense layers of black pepper, black cherry and cedar, all of which integrate well with the oak. A nice representation of a cooler vintage, the wine possesses plenty of richness and power balanced exquisitely with a sense of brightness on the palate. Enjoy through 2021.
The aromas of stone fruit, spice and toast show nuance and detail. The palate is restrained, showing a beautiful sense of balance to the elegant lemony flavors.
Greg Graziano's Chenin, grown in a 30-plus-year-old vineyard, among the last of its kind in Mendocino County, is crisp and nutty, supported by dried apple, honey and melon-tinged minerality. Fermented in all French oak barrels, the wine has a calming roundness amid its acidity.
Lots of upscale features in this polished Cab. It shows modern characteristics of expressively ripe, lush blackberry, blueberry, cassis and chocolate flavors that are wrapped in a soft, velvety texture. The softness may limit ageability.
This is a hugely fruity, lush wine destined for early consumption. The blend of 65% Shiraz and 35% Grenache displays almost grapey aromas and flavors, a bit of cassis and plushly textured tannins. Drink now as a cocktail red or with casual fare.
A luxury cuvée aged in oak for up to two years, this is marked by the barrel, but it's most intriguing feature is an intricate herbal overlay to the plummy fruit. This blend of Grenache and Syrah is chunky and extracted, meant for aging, although not unapproachable. Drink now–2015.
A Washington Pinot Gris that has some of the flesh and texture of a fine Oregon version, yet brings the spice and verve of bright Washington fruit into play. Pear, apple, acacia, orange candy, even a bit of pineapple combine into a fruity and delicious wine. All stainless, no malolactic.
A bit rough and ready, but shows basic Cabernet quality in the full-bodied flavors of blackberries, currants, chocolate and smoky oak. Good for a tailgate party.
Unfined and unfiltered, this has a deep garnet color with a little smoky touch at the rim. The aromas resemble ripe cherries and cola, the flavors emphasize both fruit and savory components like sage and smoke and the feel is nicely dry. The way it holds back a bit on richness is fine for a change.
Dry berry and balsam wood aromas are subdued and attractive. This feels slightly acidic, with a tomatoey feel to the hard-coated palate. It delivers pointed red-plum and wild-berry flavors, with a dash of spice. Drink now–2015.
Unless you just love oak, this one is way too woody. Buttered toast, creamed corn and popcorn aromas are seconded on the palate by thick, cloying buttery flavors and very little fruit. Not appealing.
Not really dry, but off-dry to semi-sweet, with pleasant flavors of citrus fruits, peaches, brioche, vanilla and spice. Nice with fresh fruit and sweet country ham.
Savory spice and smoke tones accent fresh lemon, grapefruit and quince notes on this delicate off-dry Riesling. Easy drinking and widely appealing, it's nicely concentrated on the palate with a brisk, blossomy finish.
For the price, this delivers exactly what you should expect: clean winemaking; varietally true aromas and flavors of white grapefruit, nectarine and tomato leaf; and a clean, refreshing finish.
The aromas of apple, herb and mineral are light yet provocative. It's rounded in feel, with the Chardonnay (10%) and Marsanne (4%) in the blend providing additional heft and a finish that lingers. It doesn't seem entirely varietal but offers plenty of enjoyment.
A classy package and a bright, flavorful sparkling wine. There are vivacious, creamy, tropical-fruit flavors creating a rich, ripe mouthfeel, which extends all the way through to a lip-smacking, have-another-sip finish.
Tastes like it benefited from being held back for a while, because the tannins are beginning to melt, although they're still dusty and strong. The oak is strong, too, framing red stone fruit and cassis flavors. Fully dry, this mountain wine needs a little time. Give it at least until 2008, or decant for several hours.
Break out the pizza with tomato sauce and gooey, oily mozzarella. That's what this tough, gritty Bordeaux-style blend with added Sangiovese needs to soften and mellow. It's a good wine, ripe in berries and spices, but rustic.
Rich and rounded, this is an impressive ripe wine, its almond and green plum flavors given great concentration. It is unctuous, smooth, revealing layers of complex flavors.
Here's a young, bracing Barbaresco that opens with scents of perfumed berry, rose, iris and a whiff of vanilla. The youthfully austere palate delivers ripe black cherry, raspberry, sage and a note of white pepper while bracing tannins give it structure. Drink 2018–2024.
Snappy, dry red-fruit and citrus aromas are a good opening. The palate is fresh and bouncy, with punchy pomegranate and grapefruit flavors. A zesty finish with mild citrus and nectarine flavors is par for the course.
Although this Zin has a touch of overripeness in the form of raisins covered in chocolate, followed by a lot of blackberry and foxy mulberry. The wine is dry, smooth and balanced, with plenty of complexity.
Minty smelling, with herbal red fruit and rhubarb scents. The wine is clack, clack, clack on the palate as acids and snappy red fruit draw everything down to the base level. Flavors of raspberry and light vanilla are clean but high-toned, and there's an undercurrent of tomato. A tough wine from a vintage to forget.
This is a big, ripe, juicy Pinot, with powerful cherry and blueberry flavors accented with nuances of cola, coffee, cocoa and oak. It's rich and intricately detailed, and very young, even impertinent. Give it a few years to soften and sweeten. Should improve for five years or more.
An aroma like maple syrup on waffles and similar, sweet-seeming flavors are reminiscent of breakfast, but this will pair well with slow-cooked barbecue. Most of that spicy sweetness comes from oak barrels or add-ins, complementing the full body and light tannins.
Earthy gritty berry aromas come with a hint of animal. This is juicy and in good shape across the palate, while bright plum and berry flavors are dusted with spice and chocolate notes. A wiry finish with lightly medicinal berry flavors shows kick.
Grapefruit, flowers and peach aromas and flavors are the hallmarks of this distinctive white. The wine offers clean fruit flavors and a soft finish. Good with seafood and fruit salads.
This wine comes from vineyards outside the boundaries of the Dão region but has the same typical blend. It shows minerality as well as rich fruit and soft tannins. The wine is balanced, stylish and deliciously ready to drink.
Fruity aromas of nectarine and red plum lead to a citrusy palate with flavors of pink grapefruit and red apple. A chalky, grippy finish is basic in its citrusy, pith-driven character. Drink this refresher as soon as possible.
Deep purple in color, with a dark, fiery nose that pumps large amounts of muscle and licorice. The palate is jammy and extracted, with intense flavors of black fruit and fudge. This is about as intense as they come, with angularity and raw power. It's not what you'd call elegant or agile, but it's definitely a biggie.
Damp earth and a leafy accent render the nose less than fruity, while the mouth is round and grabby, with basic Cabernet flavors and hard tannins. Short on the finish.
This lightly aromatic wine offers notes of pear, peach and spice. It's straight down the fairway with appealing stone fruit flavors and a lightly creamy feel.
From one of the small outliers in the Loire valley, this crisp wine made from Pineau d'Aunis is bright and lively. It has fresh acidity, red currant flavors and a light, tight aftertaste. Drink now.
Peppery and lightly herbal on the nose, with a whiff of dry red fruits. The palate is pretty snappy and angular, however, the red-fruit flavors mixed with pepper and spice ring true. Finishes dry without a whole lot of carry. Imported by Classic Wines, Inc.
This Chardonnay telegraphs barrel, barrel and more barrel. To its credit is its creamy texture.
Standard red-berry, rubber and spice aromas are straightforward. This is active on the palate, with pinching tannins, snappy acidity and rawness. Tomato, dry oak, currant, red plum and dusty spice flavors finish with firm tannins and moderate heat and burn.
Chunky cherry and earthy tea aromas lead to a supremely tannic and overbearing body, leaving a residue as it transitions to the finish. Flavors along the way include oak, vanilla, syrupy berry, plastic and creamy chocolate.
A firm, just-ripe-enough fruit core brings flavors of pear skin, citrus rind and apple. Basically it's a tart, crisp white wine, without distinguishing varietal character.
This is an herbal, floral white wine with aromas that span from dried hay to pungent lemon blossom. It seems to give the best of itself on the bouquet, because in the mouth, this wine is fresh, compact and very easygoing.
Wine doesn't get more intense than this: Peanut butter, Nutella, cookie dough, bread crust and dried berry sum up the biggest peaks in the bouquet. Flavors include clove and toast. Will overpower most foods.  Imported by Selected Estates of Europe Ltd.
Deep aromas of pressed blackberries, blackcurrants and black cherries meet with leather, dried mint and crushed graphite on the nose of this bottling. Purple flowers show on the palate, where a tannic grip binds flavors of blackcurrant, elderberry and roasted meat.
Fruit-forward is the best way to describe this juicy, totally accessible red. Rich berry flavors, just a faint meaty-leathery note for a touch of complexity, and a smooth even finish complete the package. Best Buy.
Briny, rubbery aromas of asphalt and blackberry set up a fat, wide palate. Herbal, green-infused berry flavors finish with notes of carob, herbs and field greens. The round mouthfeel and textural balance are this wine's strong points.
The inviting aromas of campfire smoke dominate the aromas of this wine, but there are also pressed red cherry, berry reduction sauce and roasted venison elements on the nose. The palate picks up morel mushrooms, mulberry, cranberry, smoked meats, ponzu sauce, black pepper and a bit of sour fruit, proving to be a very solid sipper.
Tastes direct and jammy, with pie-filling flavors of raspberries, cherries, red currants and cola.
Like so many Provence wines, this is made from organically grown grapes: Grenache and Cinsault. It is fresh and light, with a crisp, poised texture that gives an attractive tang and lifts the red fruits. It is fruity and ready to drink.
Soft and slightly buttery, this smooth-drinking Pinot Gris deftly mixes spiced pear fruit with a pat of butter and a whiff of resin. It's at a perfect point of drinkability right now.
There is earthy darkness and a hint of the forest in this Zin, grown at high elevation in the rocky soils of the Rockpile appellation, these vines planted in 2001. The wine is magnificently structured with complex, ripe blackberry and cherry compote coming to the fore slowly and seductively.
Lots of early-drinking charm in this Pinot Noir. It's light and silky, with a modest alcohol level that makes it easy to drink. The raspberry, cherry, cola and oak flavors are delicious.
Light, tart and carrying its cherry, pomegranate and cranberry fruit with precision, this lovely bottle will satisfy those who like their fruit upfront, and also those who want some substance on the back end. Pleasing roasted coffee and chocolate streaks reflect the aging for over 10 months in French oak (30% new). There's a well-managed earthy note also, adding depth and interest.
With 20 months spent in new French oak, this is a lush and woody wine, with assertive aromas and flavors of sweet spice, vanilla and coffee accenting the black plum and berry fruit core. Round and full in the mouth, with a texture like crushed satin and a long, sweet oak-driven finish.
The initials refer to the vineyard of Mont Damné, the steepest vineyard in Sancerre. The wine reflects the stony character of the soil, coming through with great intensity. It is powerful, flinty, with a biting citrus character, deliciously taut and intense.
Almost dark enough, as well as fruity enough, to be a red wine, this tastes fresh and has a touch of candied character. The wine is medium bodied, resembles cherries and raspberries in flavor and carries enough acidity for good balance.
Chalk Hill enters the Pinot game with this inaugural offering. It's a fruity, spicy wine, rich in cherries and raspberries, with a light, silky texture. There's an oaky note, but the finish is chiseled. A lovely wine for drinking over the next year or two.
This is a broad, mouthfilling Gewurz, one that leans heavily on spice to make its statement. Not a flowery, fruity model, but one that emphasizes cinnamon, clove and allspice, leavened by a helping of citrus. Finishes with a hint of orange peel.
Floral, exciting and chocolaty, this is a dense, rich, well-crafted beauty. Yummy is one of the best ways to describe it. It has full but friendly tannins, all the length you could ask for, and in the final analysis it leaves an impression of heft and significance.
This compelling blend of Viognier, Marsanne and Roussanne—aged for three months in 20% new French oak—brings notes of barrel spices, apricot and pear. There's a touch of sweetness to the full -bodied, textured fruit flavors that provides a perfect counterbalance to the sharply defined, lingering finish.
Still young, this wine has a tight character that needs to open up. Since there is plenty of fruit along with perfumed acidity, it will happen. Tannins and a bitter edge need to be softened, so wait until late 2016 for this wine's potential to really show.
Dusty pencil shavings mark the nose of this fulsome, generously ripe wine, thick and soft in integrated layers of black licorice, sage and dark chocolate.
Beeswax, orchard fruit and white stone-fruit aromas meld together in the glass. The rounded palate offers yellow peach, lemon drop and white almond alongside bright acidity. It closes on a tangy citrus note.
San Jacopo is a 50-50 blend of Sangiovese and Merlot that offers generous and abundant aromas of ripe cherry and raspberry, spice and cinnamon, chocolate and tobacco. Rich, smooth texture characterizes the mouthfeel and the wine is plush and silky on the close.
Rarely do you find musclebound, intense reds priced at $8 that are this good. But Luzon manages to give you a 65/35 blend of Monastrell and Syrah that is lively, loaded and eminently likable. It's all about hefty black fruit, bold tannins and flash. Only 5,000 cases made.
The nose starts with a delicate aroma of minerals, black currant and spice, and on the palate, layers of anise, cracked pepper and clove add a soulful touch. Sturdy tannins and a vibrant overall fruit profile give the wine a lift, but the package is balanced and smooth.
Rich and full in the mouth, this is a wine with structure, tight minera ltexture and beautifully juicy fruit. The acidity is a strong part of this wine, giving a citrus tang to go over the wood aging. Drink from 2016.
Dry, ultra-crisp and fruity, with citrusy flavors of lemons, limes and grapefruits that finish with a flowery taste. A clean, versatile white wine for cocktails.
A rich, ripe expression of one of Italy's iconic wines, this displays the heat of the 2011 vintage. It opens with aromas of red currants, tobacco, oak and exotic spice while the full-bodied palate delivers dried black cherries, blueberry extract, licorice and black pepper. Densely concentrated and tightly packed with assertive but fine-grained tannins, you'll need to give this time to unwind. Drink 2017–2026.
This single-vineyard wine offers high-toned citrus, almond and vanilla bean flavors. Fresh and fruity, it's light  bodied yet doesn't skimp on flavor or texture, finishing on a tart note of lemon pith.
This wine is soft and ripe, with some attractive strawberry-jam flavors and fresh acidity. The rounded texture is already attractive, although the wine will be better from 2017, when it will have filled out.
The nose gives little away. The palate, however, is full-fruited and zesty: yellow mirabelle plum and juicy peach are intensified by lemon freshness. A touch of residual sweetness makes the flavors even juicier and fuller. This is off dry, intensely fruity but very balanced and refreshing.
With its potent mixture of intense fruit and equally concentrated structure, this wine is an obvious candidate for long-term aging. Showing ripe yellow fruit, almond hints and a strong mineral texture, it will develop slowly and be best from 2022. This vineyard, one of the most familiar of Puligny-Montrachet's premier crus, is also one of the highest on the slope.
This lemon- and pear-flavored wine has an attractive, fresh fruitiness, tight acidity and a very crisp feeling. It is light and bright.
A pleasant surprise from this relatively young producer. The aromas and flavors are welcoming and complex, ranging from dried spices and botanicals through plummy, savory fruit, while the tannins are supple and the texture rich. Lingering black cherries and spice mark the finish. Drink now–2015.
Almond, sherry and banana aromas start it out. The palate is mellow and smooth, with apple and touches of lemon. There's ring and some zing on the finish, but not too much as the wine is beginning to show signs of reaching early maturity. Drink immediately.
This is a nice, crisp summer wine with rather unusual notes of dandelions or field flowers, chopped herbs, basil, minerals and some white fruit as well. It's lean, slightly watery in the mouth, but will wash down pasta salad, fish or finger foods without a fuss.
A blend of wines from different Premier Cru vineyards, this is firm, as befits a Pommard, but has such great ripe fruit that it feels almost opulent. Lovely rich raspberry fruits are touched wit red currants and supported by solid tannins  at the end. Drink from 2017.
Tight, earthy, spiced up with leaf and pepper, this old vine Zin gathers strength in the mid-palate and displays a perfect blend of sweet cherry, berry and some finishing tomato leaf. This 2007 seems a bit less ripe than previous efforts, so the fruit does not have the same sweetness, but the winemaking is exceptional and the flavors are woven beautifully. These 2007s may yet prove to be among the most ageworthy wines that Sineann has ever made.
A great followup to the '08, which was one of the best Gewürztraminers of the vintage. The '09 is even better, with a crisp, minerally mouthfeel, and superrich flavors of tropical fruits, spices and honeysuckle flowers. No oak, no malolactic and just a slight touch of sweetness on the finish.
VM's 2010 Cellar Selection SB is slightly weightier than its Private Bin counterpart, but not necessarily better. Tomato leaf notes cruise alongside bold pineapple and citrus, ending in a mouthwatering crescendo of flavor.
Crisp, creamy wine, with attractive juicy apple and pink grapefruit flavors. It's light, ready to drink, a great apéritif style.
From the Quinta da Aguieira, this serious, concentrated wine has the violet perfume typical of Touriga Nacional. It is a rich, dense and tannic wine, full of black fruit, dark chocolate and bright acidity. Drink this wine from late 2018.
From a vineyard that overlooks the wild Marin Coast, with plenty of Pacific Ocean fog, this is an earthy, cool-climate and beguiling wine, speckled in clove, cinnamon and a brightness of wild cherry, raspberry and orange peel. Light and refined, its finish is dusted in pine leaves.
This joint venture between the Laughton (Jasper Hill) and Chapoutier families continues to impress. The 2010 is firmly built, with raspberry and boysenberry fruit notes supported by hints of mint and chocolate. The finish is long and dusty, tinged with mocha. It's approachable now, but should age well through 2020, at least.
From the producer's younger hillside blocks, this is comprised of 93% Cabernet Sauvignon with smaller percents of Malbec and Merlot. Blackberry and cherry are warmly wrapped in a blanket of chocolate and clove, while easy acidity provides softness and approachability to the texture and body weight, which are voluptuous.
Very tough and austere, a young wine buried under layers of oak and powerful tannins. Doesn't provide a great deal of pleasure now, but there is a powerful core of black cherry fruit that hits midpalate and kicks in on the finish. Seems to be an ager.
This brings substantial density to the midpalate, mixing fresh flavors of strawberry, cherry cola and malted chocolate. It gains focus and grip as it breathes open. A slim frame of stem and earth sets up the finish.
Floral on the nose, this is a light, pretty Chardonnay steeped in straightforward citrus and apple. It has been aged partially in new French oak but doesn't come off as oaky.
Brawny and brooding, this rich wine shows a density of flavor and personality. Plum, strawberry and leathery black pepper form its core.
The black pepper and cocoa flavors that always mark this fine vineyard show up again in this dry, tannic wine. So do the blackberries and cassis that make it so sweetly fruity. The acidity is awkward, though, and tastes like it was added to balance out a high alcohol wine.
Diamond Mountain, rising above St. Helena in the Mayacamas range, always produces very tannic wines, but in the best of cases, such as this Cab, they're also lush and approachable at a young age. Made from 100% varietal grapes, it's deep and dense in black currants and chocolate, with forest notes of wild herbs and lavender. New oak provides even richer levels of smoke, caramel and vanilla. Now through 2013.
This blend of 53% Grenache, 23% Petite Sirah, 20% Syrah and 4% Viognier offers cinnamon spice, red cherry and slight pomegranate on the nose. The palate shows tangy cranberry fruit, a bit of baking spice and a very clay-like minerality and texture.
This is 80% Malbec along with Cabernet Sauvignon. Ripe, malty aromas are almost soupy. The palate is drawing and barrel heavy, while oaky flavors of graphite shadow baked blackberry fruit. On the finish, chocolate flavors are derivative of oak.
This wine has fresh snap pea and lemon aromas followed by crisp green apple flavors. It starts out tangy but is cushioned by a hint of sweetness for a soft finish.
This excellent red is 75% Cabernet Franc, blended with Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot. O•S generally produces one of the best Francs in Washington, lifted and intense, occasionally a bit high-toned, but always packed with juicy red fruits and barrel highlights of coffee and tobacco.
This wine seems strained, with a nose that's outright lemony and pinched. The palate is surprisingly thick feeling, with a herbal plum flavor and a weedy finish.
This affordable wine offers tangy oak and tannin along with vibrant red fruit. Leather and juicy black plum add to its soft layers of flavor.
The small parcel of vines that makes up Providence has proven to be a stunning piece of Pomerol. This wine is all richness and structure, with a solid density and black plum fruits cut with acidity. It's generous, full in the mouth, solid with tannins at the back and opulent with fruit at the front. Drink from 2022.
This powerfully flavored Chardonnay is laserlike in the intensity of its fruit. Mangoes, pineapples and lemon custard assault the palate, wrapped in a creamy smooth texture. Not particularly subtle, and not for the faint-hearted, this is a quintessentially ripe California wine.
Earthy in black tea and leathery funk, the feral aspects of this wine are entirely compelling, giving a savory edge around grippy, full-bodied texture and weight. A Pinot for Cabernet fans, it'll stand up to steak and a whole lot more, delivering tremendous value for the quality.
This pure Malbec captures the perfect essence of the grape. It's tight, tart, bright with concentrated raspberry fruit, very much like a very ripe Dry Creek Zin. Just a little hot, but delicious; with extraordinary length and focus.
Aromas of ripe apple and poached pear are accented by spice. It drinks medium sweet with mandarin-orange flavors that linger.
An earthy, raisiny opening comes around a bit but never suggests freshness. Similarly, this feels blocky, chunky and tannic. Baked flavors of raisin and plum conclude with sticky tannins and grab.
From 83-year-old vines, this is an opaque wine with pastry/graham cracker aromas and a little bit of leather and funk. The palate has hard-hitting, cheek-slapping tannins and dense but herbal plum, blackberry and salinic flavors. It's not elegant or sleek, but it is big, thick and makes its point.
This is a rich, plush wine that's soft and simple at its core, heady in licorice aromas. On the palate, expect an exuberance of leather, coconut and dark chocolate flavors.
This Cabernet Sauvignon is already approachable. It's full bodied and supple, showing a little lightening at the rim. Cherry, earth and herbal notes take on hints of anise and chocolate on the finish. Drink now–2020.
This young Pinot is tight and stubbornly hard, showing some rhubarb and pepper scented fruit, with just a hint of raspberry. It's underscored with a quick, slightly chalky, tannic finish.
Earthy, roasted and condensed on the nose, with a compact, structured palate housing tight plum and cherry flavors. Shows freshness, lift and a good step, with a juicy finish and racy acids.
A delicious Pinot Noir to drink now. Soft and savory, it shows appealing raspberry, cherry and spice flavors, accented with the vanilla and toast of oak. Defines Russian River Pinot Noir in its easiest form.
Leone d'Almerita is a blend of Catarratto, Chardonnay, Sauvignon and Traminer that opens with a fragrant floral bouquet and pretty notes of honey, peach blossom and marzipan.
A crisp, refreshing Sauvignon Blanc, fermented and aged in stainless steel. Shows rich, savory citrus and green grass flavors, with hints of minerals and flowers. Very drinkable and bone-dry.
French oak, vanilla, coconut, menthol and berry aromas lead the nose and carry over to the bracing palate along with close-grained tannins that leave a rather astringent finish.
The combination of chalk and flint soils has produced a wine that is young and all about minerality at this stage. It has considerable potential with its hints of ripe fruits. For now, with texture dominant, it is still fresh, tangy and developing. Drink from 2018.
This dense, richly thick wine is full of black pepper and leather flavors that complement its bright layers of black currant, plum and dark cherry fruit. Full bodied and balanced, it offers further complexity as it unwinds in the glass.
Plum and red-berry aromas are clean and fresh. This skips along on the palate, while flavors of wild berry and plum are a touch raw in character and feel. A rubbery finish is fresh and turns mildly bitter once the fruit fades.
A bit mulchy and swampy for Manso, with earthy tobacco and generic berry fruit aromas. The palate is flush and a little heavy, with creamy flavors of vanilla, dill weed and cassis. Soft and sweet late, with chunkiness and a medium to basic structure. A very good wine but not great as in past years.
Pretty dark for a rosé, and heavy in mouthfeel, with melted raspberry and strawberry jam flavors, sprinkled with cinnamon and vanilla. A blend of Mourvèdre, Grenache and Counoise, it lacks zestiness, but is so full-bodied, you can substitute it for Pinot Noir with a summer salmon or lamb barbecue.
This straightforward quaffer has aromas of plum, woodspice, tire rubber and herb. The fruit flavors are elegant in style with some sugar balancing it out.
With grapes coming from southern Burgundy, this is a ripe, full wine. Its fruits are right up front along with almond and light toast flavors. Pineapple and peach fruits show the warmth of this rich wine. Drink now.
The name honors one of the founders of the original winery, and the wine generally mixes buttery fruit with a blast of oak flavor. It's burly, bold and aggressive; subtlety is not its strong suit. But in this price range, for the oak-lover in the crowd, it's a great choice, ready to drink right now.
Named after the street where the winery stands, this is jammy and ripe while also structured with some firm tannins. Rich and juicy red-berry fruits have both crisp acidity and a dense texture. It should be drunk from 2017.
Aromas of stewed prune and fig follow through to the evolved palate along with raisin, licorice and a green note of powdered sage. Austere, astringent tannins leave a raspy finish. You'll also notice the heat of evident alcohol.
This wine's expressive aromas and flavors of sweat, green herbs and passion fruit all speak of the Dillons Point subregion, but those excesses are toned down by aging in 1,000-liter oak casks known in German as fuders. That aging has imparted a pleasant creaminess to the midpalate, again mellowing the regional character.
Dry and solidly tannic, with hints of wood and spice. The fruit is stalky, juicy, with acidity as a constant presence. It is bright, but without great depth.
The best Migration I've had. It's rich in Pinot fruit, silky and complex. With cherry, cola and licorice flavors and a generous dollop of oak it deals an elegant balance, highlighted by refreshingly crisp acidity.
The Salento, or the tip of the “heel” of the boot of Italy, is an excellent area for rosé. Arguably it is the best. This expression made from native Negroamaro grapes offers a bright ruby color and sweet aromas of raspberry, almond and wild cherry.
Pretty good price for a wine this good. It shows the modern style of softly appealing, slightly sweet fruit, with blackberry and cherry flavors, accented by smoky oak. Drink now.
Well, this is your basic inky dark, tannic Pet wine, from a producer with a long track record. It's a wine meant to be stuck away in a cool cellar for a decade or longer, and there's no reason not to, given the astringency and the fabulously molten core of blackberry and cherry fruit. Should begin to be approachable after 2008; hold for years after.
A beautiful rosé, bone dry, crisp and silky but rich, with intricate flavors of strawberries, rose petals, citrus and cinnamon spice. This is a good price for a blush of this purity.
As often with Magdelaine in recent vintages, this is on the austere side. Its firm tannins and structure dominate the fruit. That said, it does have bright fruit underneath all this tightness, and is finely balanced, the berry fruits lifted with some intense acidity. It needs another few months to settle in bottle.
Enticing and earthy, this opens with compelling aromas of truffle, tobacco, black-skinned fruit, menthol and a whiff of blue flower. The palate is both structured and elegant, delivering dried morello cherry, prune and pipe tobacco framed in taut fine-grained tannins that give it a firm velvety texture. It's still tightly wound and needs time. Drink 2022–2032.
Despite some very ripe fruit flavors and ample (14.5%) alcohol, this full-bodied Shiraz isn't particularly lush. The tannins are rich and velvety, but the acids are elevated and tartness dominates the finish. Drink it over the next several years.
This single block selection is a truly pretty wine, with scents and flavors of rose petals, raspberries, brown spices, nutmeg and mocha. It's complex and elegant, with a mouth-pleasing creaminess.
Blueberry and boysenberry aromas blend with graham cracker and cardamon scents to give off an exotic nose. In the mouth, this is hard, narrow and tannic, with a grating overall feel and earthy, baked, limited flavors of blackberry and toast. A long, tannic finish is choppy in feel and monotone in flavor.
Dwelley Vineyard provides most of the fruit for this Merlot. Toasty barrel aromas are at the fore followed by exotic spices, milk chocolate and cherry. The flavors are plush and jammy, lingering on the finish.
This shows the dried herb character that often characterizes Napa Chardonnay, giving the pineapple and orange flavors an earthiness. It's very dry and crisp in acidity, but it ultimately trades opulence for elegance. Drink now.
Here's a fragrant Ribolla Gialla that is redolent of sweet peach, honey and fresh jasmine. It is creamy, rich and soft in the mouth and ends with an almond-like aftertaste.
This medium-bodied sparkling wine boasts some real intensity to its spiced pear and apple aromas and flavors. It's soft in texture, with a creaminess in the mouth that makes it especially appealing and a fruit-driven finish.
Heady aromas of olive and balsamic blackberry come with touches of rubber and road tar in front of a dense, well-groomed palate that doesn't bite or overpower. Ripe blackberry, toast and baking spice flavors end with warmth and clarity. Drink through 2019.
With only 7,525 bottles produced, this is one to snag if you happen to find it. Gorgeous aromas of black fruit guts and cassis are spiced by accents of violet florals and sweet smoke. Supple raspberry sauce and woody spice flavors fill the medium-weight mouth and lead nicely into the hickory smoke-saturated finish. It seems to all be in good balance now, so drink up soon.
A wine that combines a light, off-dry character with crisp Chenin acids, very fresh and bright. Flavors include fine nuts, spice and sweet apples. Screwcap.
Made from vines planted in 1890, this is a combination of mostly Zin, field-blended with 13% Alicante Bouschet and 7% Petite Sirah. Ripe in raspberry and blackberry, this also has sleek traces of vanilla and brown sugar. Soft and juicy on the palate, it ends in a dusting of cinnamon.
95-97 A big Latour, that has dense tannins and dark, brooding fruit. It also has balance and black flavors which give the wine a complexity and depth. The wine is finely balanced, packed with flavors that will develop slowly over many years.
Fantastic modern Chianti! Young but already exuding powerful berry fruit along with loads of cigar box and other attractive spices. The present tense of this wine is all about layered, climbing complexity. Its future is all but ensured, with its tight core, solid wall of tannins and a deep, black cherry finish that lasts a good two minutes.
Clos Pegase's regular Cab, as opposed to the single-vineyards and Hommages, succeeds in the very best vintages, of which this was not one. The wine smacks of fabulous technique and is very good, but would score higher if it had greater depth and length.
Cakebread's workhorse Napa Cab is soft, dry and ripe in cherry, blackberry and chocolate flavors, with rich, sweet tannins. It combines the upscale quality of fine Napa Cab with a rustic, jagged texture. Drink now.
No fruit sources are cited, but the vintage and the herbal undertones suggest Yakima Valley grapes. It's a well-crafted wine that softens the tannins enough to give the shy red fruit a chance to shine. Pale cherry flavors are balanced against the acids and tannins; with no tricks or frills.
Gentle notes of rose and grapefruit peel on the nose also have a touch of honey. The palate is full of juicy rounded peach aromas—very fruity, very easy. A light dollop of sweetness makes for an off-dry but very balanced and fruity finish. Drink while aromas are at their peak.
Sicily is doing wonderful things with Syrah and this expression from the southern-most part of the island shows a fresh and informal side to the grape. The wine is packed tight with lush, bright red fruit flavors.
This blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot shows an uneasy mix of green coffee bean, cherry, char and meaty notes. The cherry flavors are medium bodied backed by a wall of firm, dry tannins.
The top wine from Domaine de Cause, it's huge, very dense and concentrated. There is a sense of extraction, showcased by the licorice and dark chocolate flavors. This needs to calm down to give the rich fruits a chance to shine. Give this wine 6–7 years.
The famous yellow label wine. This bottling contains mostly 2001-vintage base wine, and offers a round mouthfeel balanced by crisp acids and flavors of apple and citrus.
Garnacha-Cabernet Sauvignon is the blend and it's showing some age. The nose is a little heavy and murky, and so is the palate. Flavors of melon and papaya are more plump than zesty and driven. Falls rather flat on the finish. Wait for the 2008.
A blend of the winemakers' two favorite vats, this is intended to give the best impression of the vintage. It's bold, ripe and full of dark fruit and big tannins. With nine months of barrel age, it has filled out and will be ready to drink from 2019.
A solid wine for the price, this shows lush aromas of baked red cherries, vanilla, caramel and clove. The palate is more restrained with tart, somewhat rigid tannins that will allow more fruit and spice flavors to emerge with patience.
A delicious, beautifully aged tawny-style dessert wine, this rarity is sweet and fortified with alcohol, and also superbly well balanced. A diverse palette of flavors includes toffee, coffee, sweet prune, toasted almonds and chocolate. Supportive tannins and acidity keep the texture lively and the finish lingering.
This is a substantial wine, from the deep-gold color to the vivid apricot and toasted-almond aromas, to the full body, rounded texture and lingering finish. Savory flavors like consomme, walnuts and minerals add complexity to the fruity components, so it keeps unfolding with each sip.
Dry berry, tobacco, herb and vanilla aromas create a classic Rioja nose. This is a direct, focused wine, with cherry and plum flavors backed by loam, vanilla and earthy notes. The finish is medium in intensity, with length and smooth tannins. Drink this easy-to-like wine now.
Apple, citrus, lemon-lime and yeasty aromas lead to a composed palate. This tastes dry, peppery and like ripe yellow apples. A comported, mildly tangy finish doesn't overwhelm.
Baked notes of raisin and raspberry blend with earthy, leathery, horsey scents on this jammy Rioja that is mildly tannic in feel. Short, simple, lightly baked flavors of plum and prune finish loamy and a bit lazy.
What a rare, complex and spectacular wine. Well-aged and fortified wines like this are uncommon in California but this full-bodied and very sweet example proves it's possible. It has gorgeous aromas of apricot, honey and toasted nuts followed by expansive, ripe-and-spicy fruit flavors transformed by the aging process. The mouthfeel is lavish and full, enabling a wonderful finish that lasts for minutes.
Aromas of blue flower, red berry, baking spice and toasted oak lead the nose. Made entirely with Sangiovese, the bright palate offers red cherry, raspberry and a hint of cinnamon alongside polished tannins.
Aged in large wood barrels, this is a big, powerful wine with medicinal, herbal aromas and a polished feel. The dark plums and bitter coffee give a rich aftertaste. Age for 5–6 years.
Very fruity and a little spicy, this medium- to full-bodied wine has a smooth texture, nicely concentrated black-cherry and blueberry flavors and a good sense of layering and length.
This is a perfumed wine with violet aromas and a fragrant character. It has soft plum and cherry flavors, its acidity shaped by ripe fruits. There is a touch of structure that provides a fine finish.
Classic Nebbiolo scents of rose, violet ripe berry and a hint of baking spice come together on this. The straightforward, approachable palate offers black cherry, coffee and clove alongside velvety tannins. It's a tad shy on freshness so enjoy over the next few years.
Regina is Renieri's super Tuscan with a feminine soul. A pure expression of Syrah, the lush wine is soft, velvety and enduring in the mouth. Its momentum holds strong thanks to afternotes of berry fruit, leather and black pepper.
Figs and spice perfume this tawny Cabernet Franc ice wine. It's a bit rustic in style, evoking layers of fallen leaves and potpourri melding with dusty raisins and figs. But it's elegantly crisp and the exotic, uniquely spicy character is seductive.
This is a green, lean and somewhat sour wine, with an herbal personality that lies atop a world of smooth tannins.
Leather aromas with floral hints and medicinal plum feed into a clampy palate, driven by tomato acidity. Medicinal cherry and red-plum flavors finish lean, herbal and a bit green.
There is probably too much wood aging in this wine. It's still young, but the dominant toastiness gives a burnt character. It has a hard edge, tough and very dry.
Stripped-back cherry and raspberry flavors take on a jammy character with airing. This is tight, bright and mildly acidic on the palate, with raspberry, red plum and brown sugar flavors. Toast and a molasses-like sweetness carry an otherwise juicy finish.
Here's a tight, well-balanced blend of Sangiovese, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon with loads of mature fruit and spice. The wine is made in the Maremma area of southern Tuscany and would pair easily with game meat or barbecued pork. The mouthfeel incorporates both sweet and spicy elements.
Well oaked, showing plenty of espresso-like char and brown sugar on the nose, this is a full-bodied, creamy-textured Cabernet. Mocha and caramel flavors continue the theme, backed by just enough cassis fruit. Drink now–2025.
The first thing to know about this Zinfandel is its extraordinarily high alcohol. The official reading is 16%. It's almost Port, except that it's bone dry. The tannins are hard, and the flavors are of ripe blackberries. Yet it's a good example of its type and deserves a good score.
Packaged in a bottle with a retro look, this pretty Soave Classico offers bright aromas of citrus and peach with pear and Golden Delicious apple at the back. The wine is crisp and shows medium structure.
A raw, rough, oaky flavor overwhelms the light and simple red fruit. Disjointed, with a bitter streak in the finish.
Made with 90% Sangiovese and 10% Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with funky aromas of leafy underbrush, scorched earth, toasted oak and a whiff of barnyard. The rustic palate displays game, leather, dried black cherry and bitter prune alongside astringent tannins.
For a Pommard, this is surprisingly soft, more to do with the black cherry flavors than the tannins. A touch of spice and lively acidity give life to the dense structure. A wine to drink from next year.
This challenging island vineyard, planted in 2007, delivers a stunningly delicate but ripe wine, with aromas of smashed cranberry and strawberry pairing perfectly to sarsaparilla and sautéed oyster mushroom elements. The continually emerging palate shows dried citrus peels, iron and sour cherries, along with riper raspberry and pomegranate juice flavors and a spicy edge.
This is an unusually toasty Pinot Blanc. Wood flavors add another dimension but cover the natural spice and fruit of the grape.
A little too big and extracted for finesse, this full-bodied wine is almost Rhônesque. It's dark, with cherry jam and mocha flavors, and is a bit soft and hot. Lots of new French oak piles the smoky, vanilla flavors on.
From old Lodi vines, V. Sattui's annual heartland Zin is minty and herbal, high-toned and tannic, able to find a nice equilibrium between opposing personalities. Leathery and akin to pipe tobacco, it offers a more savory side of Zin, and is worthy of cellaring until 2019 or so.
A worthy followup to the 2008, showing crisp acidity and rich flavors of citrus fruits, New Zealand-style gooseberries, and vanilla spice, with a honey sweet finish. Drink now with Vietnamese food or sushi.
Plum, raspberry and animal fur aromas settle with airing. Rubbery, grabby tannins create a hard-as-rocks mouthfeel, while blackberry and cassis flavors turn toasty on the finish. This is hard on the palate straight up; holding through 2016 can only help.
Mint and tomato blend with red fruit on the nose. The palate is tight and tannic, with limited cherry and cassis flavors. Finishes dry and blanched, with little to offer.
Although the oak imprints strong flavors in this wine, it's still young, so all the spice and toastiness will integrate. The fruit is there, showing a rich medley of apples, pears and citrus. As it matures, the texture will flesh out to result in a generous wine with a promising future. Drink from 2020.
This is a young, vigorous Cabernet Sauvignon. It's tannic, in the way of Spring Mountain, and very tightly wound, with a central core of black currants and minerals. Its pedigree is evident throughout, but it's a wine you want to age before opening. Hold until 2012, and it should provide good drinking for years beyond.
Sud, named in homage to the beautiful southern tip of Italy, is a tight, polished effort, with prickly aromas of wild berry, bitter almond and fresh dill. There's a sharp, direct quality to the wine that would match chile rellenos.
Snappy aromas of briny citrus fruits, jalapeño and bell pepper leave no doubt that this is Leyda Sauv Blanc. The palate is minerally and crisp, with juicy acidity. Flavors of lime, pickle brine, gooseberry and wet stone finish elegant and pure, with cleansing acidity.
Candied berry aromas are a touch syrupy. In the mouth, this is tight, rugged and high in acidity. Dry raw flavors of currant and cranberry feature an herbal accent. Drying abrasive tannins rule a raw, snappy finish.
Dark and intense, with lemony oak on the nose that you can't miss. In the mouth, licorice, plum and pepper wrestle with some oakiness, but the whole is successful. Finishes with tight tannins that create a thinning sensation. More good than flawed.
This juicy blend of Sangiovese, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah opens with aromas of violet and red currant. Accents of ground white pepper and clove wrap around a core of black cherry while supple tannins give it a soft, easy-drinking texture.
One of Faiveley's monopoles (wholly owned vineyards), Clos des Cortons makes powerful wines. That's the case in 2005. This wine towers up, a strong edifice of tannins and big, black fruits. It has all the right elements coming into place, along with weight and some elegance.
While the nose is overall a bit soapy, the aromas of berry and banana are Gamay-like in character. The wine feels flat on entrance, but the acids pick up pace toward the midpalate. It finishes short, ending on a mocha note.
Already delicious, this wine shows its wood aging with such finesse, while letting its elegant white-fruit flavor come through. It has an herbaceous edge, rounded out with a more ripe fruit character. This is meant for aging.
This is a crisp and deliciously tangy wine from a single parcel. Full of lemon and fresh apple flavors, it is bright with acidity. Produced from vines over 35 years old, it has a good concentration of fruit and ripeness. Drink from 2016.
A blend of Champoux (62%), Sagemoor (26%) and Woodward Canyon (12%) estate vineyards, this wine is aromatically brooding at present, with notes of coffee, toffee and vanilla bean alongside high-toned cherries, dried herbs and flowers. The palate is supremely rich, dense and layered, with milk chocolate, coffee and cherry flavors. Tannins are expertly managed and the wine brings plenty of textural appeal, combining richness and elegance. The barrel notes are primary now, so give them time to integrate. Best from 2025 to 2035.
Plenty of spicy, toasty wood is balanced by the rich black, dense fruits. The wine is coming together well. Blackberries come through strongly, partnered by the firm tannins and lifted by acidity. It needs to age, so drink from 2016.
A little rugged around the edges, with some uneven tannins, but it's drily elegant, and offers a wealth of blackberry, black currant, cola, anise and herb flavors, accented elegantly with smoky oak. Should develop in the bottle over the next 3–5 years.
Ripe yellow apples and yellow pears meet with a tropical sense of guava and tuberose on this bottling from a vineyard near the intersection of Highways 101 and 154. The flavors are more tart, with green-apple flesh, light pear and a much more reserved touch of tropical fruit and flower.
Bright fruit flavors of mountain berries are bolstered with steely acidity. This firm, lightly herbal wine sneaks in a hint of clover as well. It may improve with another couple of years of bottle age.
The grape's brooding character is intensified in this old-vine bottling, with deep, brandy-like aromas of kirsch, cocoa syrup and spearmint. Tannins frame the heavy-duty palate profile, with extracted cherry, cola and vanilla flavorings decorating a firm, balancing structure.
Strapping currant and berry aromas come with a full dosage of toasty oak. This Malbec feels sinewy, with good depth. Oaky notes of toast and blackened spice lend a chocolaty essence to berry and plum flavors, while this finishes with an herbal, spicy aftertaste.
With just the right amount of bottle aging, this almost bone-dry Champagne is tight, steely while also hinting at the beginnings of toastiness. It is also full of crisp apple, lemon and pink grapefruit fruitiness, well integrated into the taut texture. Drink now for freshness, age for even more toastiness.
Miraflores bring a Merlot-style balance to this Zin. It's dry and complex and likeable now for its array of wild berry, Asian spice, teriaki beef and black pepper flavors that last so long on the finish. A near-perfect Foothills Zin at a fair price.
The result of a difficult vintage, CB's 2004 Pinot Noir is an attractive, pretty wine. Scents of mushroom, cinnamon and black cherry lead the way, followed by a supple mouthfeel and cedary flavors. It seems a bit oakier and less distinctive than either of the previous two vintages.
There's very little going on aromatically. On the palate it offers a wealth of tannin but, otherwise, its characteristics are hard to decipher. A fairly generic red wine.
Plump, waxy aromas of baked apple and lanolin are complex and proprietary to Garnacha Blanca. This feels full and creamy, with moderate but present acidity. Slightly bitter, peppery stone-fruit flavors fold in a note of papaya and vanilla. A steady finish is healthy and balanced.
V90 offers loads of fresh citrus and grapefruit with background aromas of fragrant white flower and peach blossom. The wine offers a soft, almost sweet delivery that would work nicely next to shellfish or shrimp.
L'Aspetto is an oak-aged blend of Sangiovese and Canaiolo that exhibits modern touches of Indian spice and dark chocolate behind fruity tones of cherry and raspberry. Clean and bright, this wine has a long mouthfeel and impressive persistency.
Abelé has been in Champagne since the 18th century. Its nonvintage brut cuvée is an easy, fresh wine that's immediately attractive. With plenty of fruit as well as a mineral texture, it is balanced and ready to drink.
A very successful Fiano, with bright aromas of banana, exotic fruit, pineapple and loads of honey. In fact, those beautiful honey flavors continue onto the palate and give the wine a pretty sensation of smoothness and creaminess.
Patagonian style floral and mild citrus aromas infiltrate the bouquet, with generic red-fruit scents coming on later. Bright, juicy and a little hot and fiery in the mouth, with wild berry flavors and a toasty, dark finish. Plenty ripe but not subtle.
A little meat and earth add depth to this wine's dominant cassis and berry aromas. It is bold, with black fruit, chocolate and spice flavors. This is a familiar style of wine made right.
The 2007 Gosling manages to combine savory, spicy complexity with bold fruit, delivering peppery, herbal notes alongside cherry and blueberry flavors. It's mouthfilling, with a creamy texture, yet retains a sense of freshness on the lingering finish. Drink now-2020.
What a complex, delicious wine this is. A blend of five Rhône varieties, mainly Roussanne, it has the richness and mouthfeel of a barrel-fermented Chardonnay, but a very different taste. The peach, citrus, buttercup flower, honeydew and cantaloupe flavors finish with creamy, cashew butter richness.
Smells like a briar patch under summer sun, with accents of leather and tomato. The pungent aromatics fade into a weighty mouthfeel. It’s all red berries, and it’s tight and young. Shows fine structure and a pure quality. A very likable wine.
This has lovely aromas of black pepper and blackberry, but in the mouth, it turns a bit soft and sweet, with melted chocolate and blueberry jam flavors. It's ripe and tasty, but could use greater structure.
No mistaking the spicy Traminer aromas here, nor the ripe lychee flavored wine. It isnt just spice, with a good line of fresh acidity as well as attractive green plum fruit flavors. Screwcap.
Brooding aromas of earth, tobacco, spice and red fruit lead to plentiful savory tobacco and mesquite flavors. It seems a bit dried out.
Multifaceted aromas of rose, iris, leather, cranberry, truffle and the barest hint of game lead the nose. The radiant palate offers creamy strawberry, ripe red cherry, orange zest, baking spice, dried herb and tobacco alongside firm but polished tannins. Fresh acidity provides balance while a mineral vein energizes the finish. With its smooth texture, it's already tempting but hold for even more complexity. Drink 2018–2026.
Different than past Chacayes wines in that it's more floral and exotic, and less about pure power. Aromas of blueberry, violets and graham cracker precede a well-built palate with wild berry and floral-infused flavors. Long, creamy and smooth on the finish. Drink now through 2014.
Merlot needs more concentration than this in order to really shine as a stand-alone varietal wine. This is thin, green, and simply generic. Pomegranate fruit peeks through, quickly overlaid with weedy tannins.
This refreshing aromatic wine will appeal to the sailors with its nautical theme. It is light and fruity, just touched by spice and with lemon and red-currant fruitiness. The wine is lively and bright at the end.
This medium-dry spätlese balances savory with sweet. Initially earthy, mineral tones build to plumper peach and pear through the midpalate. It's gossamer in texture, but finishes strong with a polished strike of steel and acid.
A rare treat from a 120-year-old vineyard, this wine has a dark color, generous aromas and concentrated but dry fruit flavors. It will make a great pairing for robust, rich foods due to its medium body, lean mouthfeel and sturdy support from fine-grained tannins.
Nero di Troia, a native grape of Southern Italy, shows its potential thanks to its aromas of berry fruit, Spanish cedar and drying minerals. The wine tastes simple and easy but manages to be elegant and penetrating nonetheless.
Another success from this vineyard, which supplies Chardonnay to some of the best producers in the state. Perfect structure, matching acid and mineral to citrus fruit, juice and rind. Fragrant, textural and deep.
Hints of sweetness surround the berry and licorice flavors of this light-bodied wine. It's brightly tart and very soft; in short, an easy, unadorned quaff.
With a degree more alcohol than Moorooduc's 2013 Robinson bottling, this is a riper, even more richly textured example of Chardonnay. There's a hint of warmth on the finish as a result, but overall it keeps a fine sense of balance. Toast, brown sugar and caramelized pineapple notes lead the way, backed by hints of melon and citrus. Drink now.
Offers up some talc powder aromas, and the sensation carries through to the palate, where there are also light and feminine flavors of melon, pear and white pepper. Hints of almond creep in on the finish. Pretty, light and clean.
Floral red-fruit aromas show a touch of wild animal. The tight and choppy palate holds racy flavors of cherry and plum. A long, fruity finish rolls out little by little, with a lasting feel of grape skins.
Made with Sangiovese and a touch of Colorino and Canaiolo, this easygoing wine offers pretty aromas of violet and red cherry. The soft, enjoyable palate doles out crushed raspberry, clove and a touch of orange peel. Enjoy soon.
Considerable bottle aging shows with the nutty, toasty flavors of this wine. The fruit has gone, leaving structured maturity, somewhat austere, but a definite appeal to those who like older Champagne.
Carabella's estate-grown Chardonnay is generally done in a rich, flavorful style. Here it drifts over into a bit of volatility, with hints of nail polish in the aromas. Oily, nutty, and tasting of ripe tropical fruits, it's a stylized wine that will suit some tasters to a 'T'.
Pugnitello is a little-known native variety that has recently started enjoying some time in the spotlight. This expression is tight, inky and intense with raw aromas of smoked beef, black olive and ripe fruit.
Grassy stone fruit and lime zest paint a pretty picture in this full-bodied white, which retains enough acidity to stay refreshing and bright on the palate. Floral tinges of tangerine blossom and lemongrass finish things out.
A Rhône blend of six varieties, the wine has bittersweet, jammy flavors of wild berries, chocolate, cinnamon and tobacco, with a rough-and-ready texture. Bone dry, it's for quaffing now.
This Pinot Blanc is a soft sparkling wine, rustic around the edges and missing the acidity. It is rounded, feels ripe and finishes on a yeasty note.
Straightforward and savory, this easygoing red offers aromas of wild berry, violet and a whiff of dark kitchen spice. The vibrant palate offers juicy black cherry, licorice and ground pepper set in a frame of racy acidity.
Contrasts seductive aromas of fresh flowers, apples, pears and citrus with a firm, unyielding array of stony, minerally flavors. Medium-bodied and a bit viscous, yet finishes clean and refreshing.
Rich and floral, this top-notch Pinot Blanc hits the palate with verve and ripe, complex fruit flavors. There's a streak of delicious vanilla under the honeydew and Meyer lemon richness, and the length and power are especially impressive for a Pinot Blanc.
Extraordinarily concentrated in blackberries, blueberries and black currants. So strongly sweet in fruit and oak, it's almost undrinkable now, tasting like a melted dessert tart. Yet the minerality, tannins and overall structural integrity strongly suggest ageability. Cellar this young wine until at least 2014.
The nose is ripe with floral, fruit, honey and those trademark soapy notes with rose petal, dried grass and citrus in the mouth. A beautiful single-vineyard wine from Terzo d'Acqui with a creamy texture and a saccharine-sweet finish. Imported by Distillerie Stock USA, LTD.
Aromas of tilled soil, dark berry, aromatic herb and a hint of coconut take shape in the glass. The simple palate offers juicy black cherry, espresso and a hint of dark spice accompanied by bright acidity and lithe tannins.
Saucy and herbal, with leather and citrus peel on the nose. Heavy and undistinguished on the palate, with atypical plum and blackberry flavors. Hard to identify as Pinot Noir.
Very in line with traditional Cerasuolo di Vittoria, this ruby-colored wine offers pretty berry nuances, with raspberry and blueberry followed by delicate almond flavors. The wine is lean and crisp and would pair well with fish couscous or eggplant caponata.
Wy'east is better than ever in this vintage, a divine balancing act with berry, plum, Asian spices and chocolate all in focus. From the opening scents, laden with complex and perfectly fused notes of blackberry, mineral, coriander and cacao, right on through the extended, captivating finish, this is a wine that is almost impossible to put down, yet will drink well at least through 2025.
This is a beautiful Zinfandel. It exhibits all the wild, exotic forest berry-cherry flavors you could want, flooded with briary spices and notes of currants and mint that go on forever in the finish. Yet it also has Napa's perfect tannins and the balance of a fine Cabernet Sauvignon. First-class Zin, a chef's dream to play with.
Apricot, peach pit and matchstick are the lead aromas on this basic Chardonnay. Flavors of melon and apricot are lightly oxidized and nutty, while the finish is salty and slightly bitter, with a dab of honey for an offset.
This ripe, tannic wine has a good sense of balance between the firm structure and the potential of the rich, full-blown fruit. Blackberry fruit shows strongly, giving a dense wine that will still develop quickly. Drink from 2016.
While the wine is dominated by youthful acidity, it's red fruits and light structure promise an attractive future. It's fresh and very fruity, with spice and smokiness at the end.
This old-vine Zin has washed-out aromas and a savory, leathery character, tannic grip and a hit of smoke on the finish.
This friendly rosso has aromas of ripe plum and black fruits, with a hint of tobacco leaf. The palate shows sweet black cherry and plum flavors laced with cinnamon spice. The warm midpalate is uplifted by just enough freshness, but this is best enjoyed young.
A Sauvignon Blanc from Sardinia, and it’s a good one. One worries after the slightly reticent nose, but after that it’s all uphill. Well balanced, with crisp acidity and an expansive mouthfeel. Its predominantly melon finish goes on and on.
This hearty blend of Montepulciano, Uva di Troia and Aglianico delivers rock-solid structure and sweet-smelling aromas of Graham cracker, cinnamon, rhubarb and burnt popcorn. It's an intense wine with a strange combination of aromas.
So ripe and soft with raspberry and cherry jam, milk chocolate, smoky new oak and anise flavors that it's almost a fruit bomb. But firm tannins and fine acidity come to the rescue. Hard to see it aging, so drink up.
This primarily barrel-fermented and barrel-aged Chardonnay offers toasty oak on the nose and a palate rounded out by expressive fruit. Soft and friendly, it has a lingering finish but is not overly complex. Pair wth game birds and seafood.
Not quite up there with the wonderful 2003, probably due to the hot vintage, which made it a little soft and overripe, but it's a very good wine. Shows black currant, mu shu plum sauce, baker's chocolate, leather, clove and pepper flavors, wrapped into firm tannins. At its best now and for a year or two.
Thin in character, this is a pleasant wine without much style. Light and ready to be drunk immediately.
This vintage-dated Prosecco is arguably one of the best this estate has ever produced. There's a sultry hint of sophistication here, with toasted almond, yellow rose and exotic fruit. Rive di San Pietro di Barbozza is one of the new vineyard crus recognized in the Prosecco region.
From the esteemed Pinot, Pinotage and Chardonnay producer Hamilton Russell, this vibrant SB starts with gooseberry, fresh-cut herbs and spicy pepper on the nose, and on the palate, citrus. Gooseberry and lemon peel. Has a richer character than many South African SB's. Complex and unfolding.
A new wine for Aegerter, this is ripe and full-bodied. It has soft apple and crisp pear flavors that are round and lightly textured. The wine is easily ready to drink.
An initial earthy aroma follows through to the palate that is full and fruity, with a bitter edge. Flavors of licorice and berry combine to give a wine that is now ready to drink.
With vibrant acidity and a silky mouthfeel, this is a good example of a coastal California Pinot Noir. The cherry flavors have an edge of tobacco, herbs and sweet oak. Drink up.
Strongly wood and toast laden, this is a dense and tannic wine with a complex structure that dominates the blackberry fruits. It is firm and, although it can be drunk now for its rich structure, will be better from 2016.
Although boasting slightly honeyed aromas of pear and melon, this is a dry wine, just fully ripe. It's medium in body, with a dusting of gingery spice that gives it extra interest on the finish. Drink now.
Dry, spicy and peppery on the nose, but not very fruity. The palate is juicy and tight, with briar, stem, citrus and herbal cherry and plum flavors. Shows heat on a short finish, which is herbal and drying.
A brisk spray of lemon perfumes the concentrated peach and flower flavors on this bright, racy Riesling. It's full of sweet-tasting fruitiness, but zippy acidity keeps the palate brisk and easy- drinking.
A conflicted and hence confounding wine. The nose is very oaky, but it's a pointed, almost piercing wood and clove bouquet. The wine is fierce in the mouth, with kicking tannins and acidity pushing bulldozer-like blackberry and bitter espresso flavors. With 6% Merlot, this Patagonian Malbec has its virtues but isn't as friendly as past vintages.
Pure notes of red fruits reach the nose: Morello cherry and mulberry harmonize beautifully. Their purity pervades a palate that has the lightest touch: there is something authentic, beautiful and unforced about this. There is a suggestion, too, of herb, moss or undergrowth. This unpretentious winemaking style lets this pure, glorious fruit speak for itself and brings with it a profound sense of honest depth, bountiful earth and full-fruited balance.
Made from a blend of Fiano, Traminer and Malvasia, this opens with aromas of white flower and stone fruit. The fresh palate offers yellow peach, apricot and citrus notes alongside fresh acidity.
Fun and refreshing, this opens with aromas of spring wild flower, white stone fruit and a hint of citrus. The vibrant palate doles out white peach, green apple and lemon zest alongside bright acidity and persistent bubbles. It closes crisp and clean.
This smells cheap, weird and almost dirty. The palate is cloying and the flavors are candied and melony, but also bitter and oxidized.
Forward fruit aromas of raspberry and strawberry follow through to the lightweight palate. Easy-drinking with a fresh and lifted finish. Drink now.
This distinctive biodynamic vineyard is near the Van Duzer Corridor, destined to become its own AVA soon. The fruit is a mix of berries and cherries, with a touch of Popsicle sweetness. There are notes of earth and barnyard also, well-integrated, and often found in such natural wines. Still pulling itself together, but complex and compelling already.
This is a textured wine, firm and tight initially. Plenty of flavor is waiting to develop and to reveal white fruits and attractive citrus. It can be drunk now, but the wine will be much better from 2016.
A mix of white grapes including Pinot Bianco, Tocai Friulano and Sauvignon, Terre di Risano is a crisp, clean wine that calls out for grilled salmon fillet. There are a ton of flavors here from peach to pear to dusty talc powder.
This is a lovely Zinfandel, soft and appealing. It has fine balance and is dry and rich in cherry, currant, Provençal herb, spice and tobacco flavors. Shows real complexity as it changes in the glass.
A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon (40%), Merlot (35%), Syrah (22%) and Carmenère, this offers aromas of green tea, sawdust, blueberry and barnyard. The flavors are tangy and elegant in style.
Rich and smooth, this is a ripe and fruity wine. It has hints of wood aging as well as dried fruit to bring out a tawny character. The wine is nicely poised between freshness and some maturity.
Ready to drink now, this is an elegant, drily crisp Pinot, ready to stand back and let the food shine. Pale in color and light- to medium-bodied, it has savory flavors of cherries, oranges, cola and spice, with fine coastal acidity.
Very ripe notions of pineapple and soft banana are coupled with a fresh, clean earthiness. A phenolic edge lends mouthfeel and structure while citrus zest pervades the palate with freshness and linearity. With more time in glass, a very charming, tender note of ripe conference pear appears. Give this time to unfold. Drink from 2018.
This dark-looking Cabernet smells chunky, raisiny and earthy. In the mouth, it's dense and extracted but blocky and heavy. Roasted oaky blackberry flavors finish with tannic residue and an oak-based flavor of clove.
This wine is from the Chenoweth grape-growing family and is made from three of its finest vineyard sites: Chenoweth Ranch, Treehouse and Bootleggers, all special spots that have produced grapes for special producers. Here, the result is a smooth and velvety expression of juicy cherry and raspberry, given freshness via vibrant acidity.
Dark, compact and black, with graphite and growling blackberry aromas. Feels tight and drawing but serious and structured, with black fruit, chocolate, toast and spice flavors. Blackened as well on the finish, with mint and toast. Hold until 2015.
This Aglianico opens with aromas of roasted coffee bean, toast and black fruit. The oak-driven palate offers espresso, black pepper and black cherry flavors, but it lacks fruit richness and ends on a note of drying wood tannins.
Scratchy cherry and plum aromas are woody and minerally, to an extent. This feels crimped and hard, while heavy oak lends a hickory note to roasted medicinal red fruit flavors. A woody dry spicy finish is good despite rawness and heat.
Sometimes, you discover one of those rare Brunellos that offers a really sweet-smelling bouquet followed by a drying mouthfeel. This is one of those wines. The bouquet is characterized by Christmas spice, cinnamon and mature cherry. The close is elegant and polished.
A marshmallow-kissed Sauvignon Blanc with a touch of grass and tropical lime, this is a straightforward white that finishes quick and is wanting in texture.
88-90 Barrel sample. Very ripe fruit aromas, the fruit ripe, full of sweetness, showing signs of super maturity.
This wine has structure and some dense tannins. Even though there is plenty of black and red cherry fruit, the wine's dry core and tight, mineral texture are still developing. Drink from 2017.
With only 30 cases imported, this clean and vibrant wine might be a tough find. The bouquet is surprisingly bright, with notes of garrigue and peppery spice dominating the plum, cherry and fresh fig aromas. Smooth and silky in the mouth, soft tannins and a mineral streak make this surprisingly approachable now.
Produced with grapes from Aube vineyards in southern Champagne, this wine is dominated by Pinot Noir. It is full in the mouth, ripe and with a rich texture that gives fruitiness as well as a more mineral, tangy texture. This well-balanced wine is ready to drink.
Harmonium is a very rich and extracted take on Nero d'Avola that will appeal to those who love thick, extracted, warm climate wines. It would pair with succulent steak or barbecue pork ribs and offers loads of oak and red fruit intensity on the finish.
This smells both dry and oily, with apple and melon notes. The palate is round and healthy in feel, while flavors of honeyed apple and white peach turn more briny and pyrazinic as this breathes and finishes.
Sourced from the Clifton Hill vineyard, this is a supple and fruity Syrah, with exceptional depth of flavor. A mix of tart cherry and plum fruit, it's annotated with notes of graphite, ash, tobacco and dark chocolate.
A ripe, bold and fruity wine, that is rounded and packed with black currant flavors. Its soft tannins are comfortably embedded in the rich fruitiness. Made from classic Douro grapes, the wine is ready to drink.
This wine is 54% Cabernet Sauvignon, 25% Cabernet Franc, 10% Merlot, 5% Syrah, 3% Malbec and 3% Petit Verdot. It displays fruit-forward aromas of blackberry seed, plum, asphalt and spice. The flavors are dense, focused and layered, showing depth, purity and texture.
Here's a gem of a family-run winery and a refreshing discovery in the Asti area. Following a selection of international and local varieties in the producer's portfolio, the Giorgia Moscato d'Asti is thick with spring flowers, mimosa and jasmine. Apricot and kiwi are tightly packed around a dessert wine with just enough acidity to keep it perky and interesting. Imported by Banville & Jones Wine Merchants.
This is a rich Pinot Gris. Tastes like it had the full-bore Chardonnay treatment, with oak and lees, giving it a creamy, sweet mouthfeel. The tangerine, pineapple and vanilla bean flavors are brightened with brisk acidity.
This bright and well-balanced wine opens with typical aromas of gooseberry, green plum and fresh herbs, all of which carry through to the light, easygoing palate alongside additional notes of lime and grapefruit peel. It's approachable and clean, with crisp acidity and a mouthwatering finish.
This TBA shows an incredible likeness to Earl Grey tea, sweetened with honey and made subtly even more complex through the inclusion of dried stone fruits. It's rich and concentrated, not just sugary, but could use just a tiny bit more acidity to completely balance the finish. A decade or two of cellaring should see a more balanced wine in the end.
Made from organically farmed fruit, this opens with fresh cherry and blackberry flavors. It has a lean mouthfeel, backed by bright acidity, and it would pair with potato gnocchi and cheese.
Perhaps because of its slow, natural fermentation in large casks and the resulting lees contact, this wine shows a bit of toasty, mealy character and a slightly creamy texture. It's a weighty Riesling (for the Mosel, anyway), with ripe notes of peach complementing citrus fruit and a dry, stony finish.
Clean purple fruit aromas mix with grapeseed, Concord grape and caramelized black fruit scents on this bottling. Black plum, peppercorn, tart elderberry, tar, beef char and soy show on the palate, which is lifted by a lavender nuance.
Spicy and dry, this Zin offers flavors of currants, tobacco, pepper and cocoa. The tannins are thick, but acidity is low, giving it a soft mouthfeel. Could be more concentrated, but it's an elegant wine.
There's virtually no bouquet to this wine, and the palate follows suit with a flat feel and hollow, faded flavors of balsamic-doused cherry and herb. It seems aged and dried out.
This blend of 45% Cabernet Sauvignon, 30% Merlot and 25% Cabernet Franc is still quite fresh for being seven-years-old, offering aromas of concentrated red-cherry juice, allspice, sandalwood and nose-tickling cinnamon. Cedar and myrrh flavors lead the woody palate, where a buoyant acidity lifts up the red cherry and tart red-currant fruits.
A bit tough in texture, but a very nice Cabernet, with blackberry, black currant and cedar flavors. The roughness won't go away, but you can decant it for an hour or two before serving.
The dense blackcurrant fruit, both fresh and cooked, that dominates the nose belies the more elegant, pliable palate. There is richness of dark berries and a hint of tar and smoke, but the body remains fresh and supple on this medium-weight Zweigelt.
Brunello Vigna Manapetra shows soft roundness and ripe aromas of cherry, blackberry, sweet spice and barbecue smoke. It feels tight, firm and well integrated in the mouth and shows very nice acidity on the close, which is fresh without being sharp.
Whiffs of lanolin and white flowers add freshness to this lavishly honeyed, deliciously fruity Riesling. Its sweet stone-fruit flavors are balanced with a spray of fresh lime acidity, giving it a lingering but refreshing finish.
A soft, lusty Zin, packed with high alcohol-fueled berry, spice and chocolate-covered raisin flavors. Finishes dry and smooth, with a mouth-cleansing cut of tannins. Nice for drinking on hot summer nights with barbecue, but don't drive afterward.
Fragrant floral tones and drying mineral notes characterize this luminous Prosecco Brut. The sparkling wine delivers frothy peach, herbal accents and a steady dose of citrus zest.
Sometimes less is more, and sometimes more is more, as in this 68,000-case offering from A to Z. It's a leesy, pretty, highly gulpable wine, loaded with apple, pear and melon fruit. Hints of cucumber and stone add freshness to the lingering aftertaste.
Quite a success for a California Sangiovese. It's dry and silky, with light tannins and a good crunch of acidity to brighten the cherry pie, anise and pepper flavors.
There are strongly spicy aromas to this gentle Gewurztraminer. It's off dry, keeping some acidity amid the ripe lychee and nutmeg flavors. It's an approachable wine, ready to drink now.
A sharp, edgy wine, lifted with a bit of volatility, then smoothed over with a honeyed sweetness. Very ripe, soft, peachy and definitely ready to drink.
Martummè is an austere Taurasi-style Aglianico (from the Sannio region, however) that places emphasis on richness, elegance and sophistication. Deep and penetrating in the mouth, it delivers a long succession of spice, leather, tobacco and black fruit aromas. Very nice.
This was one of the best Rieslings of the year last vintage, and the '07 is even better. It's absolutely dry and superbly racy. Acidity, at .82, is one of the highest I've seen in years. Balancing that is a broad, complex array of citrus, peach, apple, flower, petrol, mineral and spice flavors. If California Riesling is making a comeback, it's because of wines like this.
A tight, brambly field-like blend of Carignane, Petite Sirah, Zinfandel and Alicante Bouschet, this black, dense and mouth-coating wine offers savory leather and spice. Black cherry and plum form the core of its fruit, with vanilla and oak intensifying on the finish, the overall wine getting juicier as it opens.
The blend includes 6% Pinot Gris. This is a crisp, well-crafted bottle of wine, with more flesh and fruit than the Pine & Post Chardonnay from Precept Brands. Melon, pear, and orange fruit is accented with a little honey; this is a big step forward for this brand.
A soft and just off-dry blend of Chardonnay, Aligoté and Colombard, this wine is tangy with citrus and green plums. An herbal edge from the Colombard brings out a crisp texture and acidity. Drink now.
A well-made and refreshing wine for the price. The nose is crisp and smells of nettles, grapefruit, cilantro and stony minerals, while the feel is zesty and the flavors bring a mix of green fruits, citrus and tropicality. Stays on point from start to finish. A fine wine for summer sipping.
Crossfork Creek is a new label for Sheridan Vineyard, designed, says winemaker Scott Greer, as his laboratory for vinous experimentation. This meaty, smoky, dense and chewy Syrah is one of the first releases. The black cherry and cassis flavors are accented with a touch of cola, and the wine resolves with a firm, substantial and somewhat tannic finish.
The 18 months' barrel aging has given a strong toasty wood taste that smothers the black plum fruits. Six months could see better integration, but the juiciness is missing in the bone-dry tannins.
New oak seems to dominate this Chard, swamping the actual flavor of the wine. The grapes provide lovely apricots and pineapples, balanced with fine acidity, but the oak swamps with smoke and vanilla and sappy wood cream.
Carmione is a 50-10-40 blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and Merlot that opens with a bright bouquet of wild spice, black fruit, prune, plum and rum cake. The wine is dense and dark with a thick, almost gritty feel in the mouth. This is a bruiser that would pair with mesquite-grilled ribeye steak.
Tannat at its most expressive, this wine boasts dense tannins that roll deeply around the wine. But the fruit is of such an intensity that it keeps up a fine equilibrium. It is a seamless, impressive wine, projecting its power easily.
Marked by its stay in barrel, this rare Pinot Noir from near Auckland displays smoky, bacon-scented aromas, followed up on the palate by savory flavors of dried mushrooms and cured meats. Not a wine for lovers of New World fruit, it appears to be aiming for more sous bois complexity.
Tightly wound and spicy, this elegant wine captures the varietal character with crisp pear fruit, annotated with minty anise. It's tangy, sleek, fine-boned and tart, fading gracefully as it winds into a clean finish.
An enjoyable off-dry wine, with sweetened flavors of peaches, vanilla, apricot, litchi and honeysuckle, finished with lots of Asian spices. Would benefit from crisper acidity, but it's a nice sipper at this price.
This elegant wine is spicy and aromatic, with pretty floral highlights. Orange peel, rosewater, cherry soda and clean, refreshing acidity are all in play. The lingering finish is a bonus.
A classy Pinot Noir that shows the attributes of its vintage and origin. The grapes come from the cooler, southern part of Russian River Valley, and the wine displays brisk acidity and complex flavors of cherries, pomegranates and cola. It's young now, but dry and elegant, and should develop bottle complexity through 2013.
From sandy soils close to the Atlantic, this fresh, crisp wine almost has a salty character in its tangy texture and acidity. It is certainly crisp, light and very refreshing, with lemon and lime flavors and a bright, lively aftertaste. Drink now.
Made from Sémillon and Sauvignon Blanc, this wine is luxurious and sweet, while maintaining great balance to keep from being too unctuous. It has a brilliant deep-gold color, generous aromas like toasted peanuts and marmalade, and flavors that are honeyed and floral. It feels nicely viscous, coating the sides of the mouth and helping the flavors linger for long moments on the finish.
This opens with aromas of nail-polish remover and oak-driven spice that carry over to the palate while raspy tannins leave an astringent, mouth drying finish. Tried both bottles and had the same notes.
Notions of ripe stone fruit are tempered by the herbal savor of arugula and watercress. There is something incredibly ripe at play, combined with something incredibly fresh. There also is a lightness of touch and a limpid intensity. The palate displays all of these things and adds a salty moreish element of yeast. What a wonderful, authentic expression of Grüner. Bravo!
There is enticing new wood here, a wine that shows richness to boost the ripe, creamy apple and pear fruits. It has a generous character, to contrast with its core of steely acidity. The finish is more earthy, suggesting the wine still needs time in the bottle.
Tough and hard, this is a Cabernet that tastes old fashioned with its dry, tannic astringency. It certainly marches to a different beat, even for the Diamond Mountain District that's known for difficult tannins. Will it age? There's a solid core of black currant and green olive flavor that suggests it will. Hold until 2018, at least.
Cidery aromas suggest sourdough bread and citrus. This cava feels raw and clipped, with little to no friendliness to the palate. Briny, cidery flavors finish with a funky pickled aftertaste.
From the winery's favorite vineyard, this limited (242 cases) production, 100% Cabernet is inky black, dense and tannic. Tight layers show many different berries, black cherry, pomegranate and mint. The tannins are ripe and firm, with black tea and graphite flavors. Very fine effort, big but not showy, nor is it a palate-fatiguing high-alcohol fruit bomb. Great fruit from a top vineyard, handled with extreme care and sensitivity. Decant this.
This is full, jammy and granular on the bouquet, with a ripped mouthfeel that offers rich, mildly minty flavors of blackberry, prune and cassis. The finish is tannic and full, with touches of herb, spice and oak.
This is a Malbec of great volume and huge extract. The first thing that's noticed are the gigantic blackberry, dark chocolate and sweet cedar flavors. Then the tannins kick in, which are big and astringent. Finally, the finish lasts for an impressively long time, and it tastes entirely dry yet sweetly fruity. A little soft, but beautiful now, this is perfect for most grilled or roasted beef dishes.
Oaky aromas of mocha and spice blend with racier scents of tomato and red plum. This Malbec feels full in body but sinewy and tough. Flavors of spiced tomato, herbs and salty berry fruits are savory. It finishes with toasty, peppery flavors and choppy tannins.
This is a structured, balanced white with aromas of gooseberry, flint and spice on the nose, and flavors of fresh citrus and fruit on the palate. Clean and crisp but offering complexity, this wine marries rich fruit and cracking acid very successfully. Pair with spicy Indian cuisine, grilled seafood.
This is an unassuming and easy red from the shores of Italy's beautiful Lake Garda that offers cherry fruit and loads of exotic spice. Its color is ruby red with bright highlights and it offers sour cherry flavors with some bitterness on the close.
Fairly herbal on the nose, with some sour overtones. Tart cherry fruit is accented by some chocolate and smoke complexities, making for an interesting and largely intellectual wine.
Bulky and dark up front, with coconut, ripe berry and heat on the nose. Feels rich and resiny, with sticky tannins, extract galore and flavors of coconut, wood grain, black licorice and sweet blackberry. Finishes hefty and grabby, with wayward oak that needs to settle in.
Pegau's Cuvée Laurence is aged in wood for longer than the Cuvée Resérvée, but is otherwise nearly identical. The 2012 version is full-bodied, dense and richly textured, redolent of liniment, horse tack and garrigue, yet backed by ample cherry and plum fruit. Drink now–2025.
Textbook Russian River Zin, this is a big, powerful, lusty wine, with a briary, brambly profile. It's enormously complex in flavor, offering notes of fresh summer berry, cola, licorice, dark chocolate and leather that are delicious and savory. It's also a little overripe, which brings raisin and prune notes. It's a great barbecue wine.
This sturdy wine offers aromas of blackberry jam, licorice, baking spice and a whiff of barnyard. The warm, robust palate delivers mature black plum, black cherry, black pepper, roasted coffee bean and sage alongside excruciatingly bitter, mouth-drying tannins. The heat of alcohol appears on the midpalate.
Food friendly and delicious, this offers tiers of lemon, lime, pineapple, green apple and vanilla flavors, with a touch of smokiness, and a long, spicy, slightly sweet finish. Crisp acidity provides the perfect balance of zestiness.
There is only a handful of Kosher sparkling Proseccos out there, and this is one of them. Lively and bright, the wine shows citrus, stone fruit and dried hay aromas.
Dark purple fruit and fennel open on the nose, while this wine has a lively mouthfeel with nice acidity, big tannins and a minerally feel. Berry fruit, clay, and fennel play their role in the mouth, finishing with dark herbs.
While more herbal in character, this wine also carries grapefruit, lemon and quince flavors. It is fresh with a steely mineral character that adds some interest. Drink now.
Here's a food-fiendly and easy-going Prosecco Superiore (in a dry or Brut expression) that offers aromas of crushed mineral, stone fruit and fresh citrus. This sparkler feels focused and sharp in the mouth.
A stunning Cab that's a little bit of an easy-pleaser with an assertive oaky streak througout. Hints of cigar tobacco, fresh coffee grinds and whole vanilla bean infuse the dark, jammy berry fruit flavors. The mouth is round and lush, but firm tannins and a crushed velvet texture provide structure and linger well into the spiced chocolate close.
This dry Moscatel has intense floral perfumes along with equally intense acidity. It is a combination that works because of the flavors of spice and lychee that give the wine richness as well. It is crisp at the end, always fragrant and ready to drink.
This wine seems to show some oxygen exposure, with notes of brown spices, vanilla, pepper and overripe pear. It's a shame because the luscious, rich cherry and raspberry flavors deliver. Tasted twice with consistent notes.
In homage to a major product of the region, this wine has a cork label. It has considerable power, an old-fashioned, astringent wine that keeps the typical ultradry tannins as a sign of its ability to age. The fruit is definitely in second place here, although there are concentrated black fruits in the background. Age for 3–4 years.
The aromas on this wine from the Carmel Valley-based producer are relatively light, with hints of honeysuckle, white lily and peach blossom. The palate is quite tart and crisp, with flavors of lime skin and grapefruit pith.
Truffle, leather, forest floor, pipe tobacco and purple flower aromas all come together in this young, balanced Brunello. The palate is taut and chewy, with a nervous tension that offsets its juicy Marasca cherry, raspberry, licorice and clove flavors. Its fresh acidity and polished tannins promise good aging potential. Drink 2020–2032.
Built like a brick house, with ripe, red aromas. This isn't light and elegant in the Italian style; it's mega ripe, with a ton of cherry, spice, kick and chocolate. Medicinal at times, peppery at others, and deep and wild throughout. Drink now through 2017.
Clean and balanced, this has rich, floral aromas. Flavors of fig and melon come amid a light mouthfeel and crisp, ample acidity. The finish is direct, buoyed by the acidity and renewed flavors of papaya and lychee. Enjoy on its own or with plenty of oysters.
Great black fruits with solid tannins create an impressively dense structure for a wine with a simple Burgundy appellation. The acidity is there, but more important are delicious black plum flavors.
Here's a feminine and deeply floral expression of Sangiovese Grosso with background notes of wet earth, violets, rose petal, currants and a smoky touch of mesquite wood. In the mouth, the wine shows excellent power and concentration. We suggest a pairing with rabbit or magret de canard.
Les Collines is one of the most exciting Syrah vineyards in the state and this wine, which all comes from Block 30 and saw only neutral barrels, expresses this site exquisitely. It opens with aromas of violets, rubbed herb, smoked meat and purple fruit. The palate brings a mesmerizing sense of purity, with mouth-coating seamless fruit and savory flavors. It drinks well on its own but is really designed for the dinner table.
With 58% Mourvèdre, 20% Syrah, 20% Grenache and 2% Counoise grapes from the dry-farmed, head-pruned Old Oak Vineyard (formerly Sheep Camp Creek), this wine shows dried black cherries, pencil lead, uncrushed cloves and nutmeg on the nose. The palate is flatter, with cooked cherries as well as other dried purple and red fruits.
From four estate vineyards, this wine appears to be low in oak and extra crisp in mouthfeel, offering austere apple and citrus elements with a slight metallic edge.
Reduced, foxy berry aromas come with a rubbery note of latex. The palate is full and chunky, with moderate flabby weight. Black-fruit and peppery flavors end in loamy, toasty, jammy fashion, so drink this full-bodied Mencía now.
An elegant wine, with nicely framed red berry fruit flavors. Hints of dried herbs and modest tannins put everything in balanced proportion.
Grape growers since the end of the 18th century, the Dautel and Cadot families are based in the Aube area of Champagne. The family began making their own Champagne in 1971; now Sylvain Dautel works the vineyard by hand and makes the wine for this small maison. Full-bodied, this has touches of toast from the five years bottle age. The rich fruit also allows plenty of tight acidity into the mix. Drink this mature, well-balanced wine now.
A blend of dark fruits, savory nuances and black pepper give this dry, full-bodied wine a unique personality. It tastes and feels big on the palate, finishing with warmth.
This refreshing wine has that extra something that pushes it to the next level. Shows deliciously ripe lime, lemon and sweet grass flavors that show little oak influence, letting the fruit and spice shine. Without malo, the wine is sprightly in mouth-cleansing acidity.
Unusual in that this cava hails from the Ribera del Duero region, where red wines are 99.9% of the show. For a no-dosage nature, it's properly crisp and dry, almost like a liquid version of a soda cracker. There are some holes in the fabric but overall it's citrusy, tight and only mildly bitter on the finish.
This beautifully perfumed wine offers spicy Cabernet Franc notes and ripe red berry flavors. The tannins are still firm while not masking the spice, smokiness and blackberry fruit. For medium-term aging, from 2020.
Alluring on the nose, with herbs, spice, olive and mocha accenting rugged berry aromas. Big and jammy in the mouth, with black plum circled by coffee and clove notes.  Weighs in as large, and it's tannic as nails. But if you like yours ripe and ready, this should make the grade. Imported by Remy Cointreau USA.
Baked plum, ripe berry, baking spice, violet and leather aromas unfold on this concentrated wine. On the delicious palate, velvety tannins support fleshy black cherry, crushed raspberry, cinnamon and licorice while a tobacco note backs up the finish. It's already tempting but hold for added complexity. Drink 2018–2031.
This outstanding Chardonnay is made from 100% Dijon clones, sourced from Lange Estate, Freedom Hill and Durant vineyards. Tasty, toasty, creamy and fresh, this is a rich, palate-coating wine with a mix of crisp apple, pear and melon fruit. The texture and depth are lovely.
The mountain vineyards of Nespereira give a firm, mineral-driven wine, dark and intense, while never heavy. The acidity holds the balance of freshness between the dense tannins and the black currant fruits.
One of the winery's many estate bottlings, this offers a floral and earthy nose, with crushed slate, lavender and ginger accents to its pomegranate and mulberry aromas. It's juicy, light and acid-driven, the palate replete with cinnamon, hibiscus and grenadine flavors, followed by a thyme- and anise-inflected finish.
Earthy aromas of cola, coffee and saucy plum lead to a palate that at first seems loud and acidic but which comes around. Plum and berry flavors are accented by oaky vanilla and citrus peel, while this is bright on the finish due to lasting acidity. Drink through 2023.
This wine offers a bouquet of raspberry and smoked meat with a touch of bell pepper. Flavors of black cherry, smoked meat, black pepper and eucalyptus mingle on the palate, with savory notes outweighing fruit. Soft tannins coat the mouth, and ultimately black cherry lingers on the back palate.
The aromas here are seriously woody, and that problem also appears on the palate. It has fruit, but the weight to balance is not there yet. This should develop over the next 4–5 years, but the wood is always going to be a major feature.
A very interesting wine from a rarely-seen appellation. The fruit is distinctly wild berry—huckleberry maybe—with spice and good acid. But the finish has a bitter, metallic note that lingers unpleasantly.
Ripe black-cherry notes are accented by herbs and stems that lend a dark savoriness to this bold, penetrating Merlot. Rich with fruit, and layered with spice and granite, it lingers long on the finish in a murmur of velvety tannins.
This opens with aromas of Spanish broom and wild berry. On the fresh easygoing palate, zesty acidity supports juicy red cherry and black raspberry. A nectarine note gives it a tangy close.
One of the peculiarities of St.-Émilion's classification is that Canon la Gaffelière is not classed in the top rung. Because, as this wine shows, it produces superb wines. This is ripe while so elegant, with great intensity and sweet perfumes.
A soft, mid-range, medium-bodied Pinot Noir from areas including the Russian River Valley and Sonoma Coast, it imparts aromas of rosemary and herbes de Provence before delving into a world of tart cherry and cranberry. The finish is smoky.
Like most unoaked Chardonnays, this is a bit simply fruity, but it's also clean and fresh. Apple, melon and citrus flavors are easily carried by its medium body and mouthwatering finish.
Firmly tannic, this has has a dark plum flavor, layered with considerable density and dryness. With its juicy acidity and firm structure, this needs to age.
This is a rich jammy wine. Great black fruits and dark tannins are mixed with touches of chocolate and bitter coffee. It is dense, although with the acidity of the year it has a crispness that contrasts with the richness. Drink this ripe wine from 2026.
Produced by the same ownership as Château Giscours, this well-made wine has ripe, soft fruit packed with black-currant flavors. The tannins are gentle and the wine will develop quickly. Drink from 2018.
Orange rind and apple blossom add freshness to the savory apple and saline notes on this elegant, minerally Chardonnay. Fermented in stainless steel, it's bright on the palate, with brisk acidity and a crisp, clean finish.
This is the second non-vintage holiday edition of Kestrel's popular Marilyn wannabe label. Who can resist a cute girl in a mini-skirted Santa suit? The wine is an all-purpose, sturdy red that could liven up a holiday table and ought to be stellar with turkey.
This dark-colored blend of Touriga Nacional and Castelão shows intense fruitiness and concentrated structure. A full-bodied and black-fruit-driven wine, this will age over the next few years, and the tannins will round out to add more richness.
This is a tightly wound Chardonnay, crisp and steely. It's also oaky. The underlying flavors are of citrus and tropical fruits, buttered toast and vanilla, with a touch of metallic stone. Calls to mind the 2006. Give it a breath of air before serving to soften it, and don't drink it too cold.
From Robert Mondavi and Eduardo Chadwick, a Chilean producer (Errázuriz), this wine is a blend of 84% Cabernet Sauvignon and 16% Carmenère. The color is inky dark, and it smells young and intense, almost fiery—there's a suggestion of charcoal and embers. Massive fruit explodes in the mouth, but it's not a fruit bomb; it's much too sophisticated for that. Oak is fancy but not pronounced. Its aging timeline should be similar to that of a great Bordeaux.
There's heat in this high alcohol wine, but it's okay, a chili pepper burn that's works with the fruity, herbal flavors the way a hit of jalapeño heightens a mango salsa. Although the wine is a bit sweet in the finish, it's a natural for barbecue.
A beautiful Chardonnay at a great price compared to what's out there. Shows brilliantly ripe pineapple, pear and guava flavors, with crisp Central Coast acidity and a bracing minerality. Nice to drink by itself, with shellfish or even with a citrus fruit pastry for dessert.
A wine that's all about grapefruit and white currant fruits. This is very fresh, very crisp, tightened by minerality, with a lively, juicy lemon finish.
Big and bright, this full-bodied wine is stuffed to bursting with lightly charred aromas and flavors of black pepper, blackberry and dark chocolate. A soothingly tannic texture matches the flavors in amplitude. The wine feels muscular but also light on its feet.
This is a fruit-forward wine, with aromas of red and black currant and herbs with a spice top note. The flavors are sweet and tangy, going down easy.
This is a tight and restrained wine from an extreme coastal vineyard behind Cambria. On the nose, it shows touches of raspberry and pomegranate along with non-fruit notes of lavender, dried rose and cinnamon stick. The palate is mineral-driven, with gravel, loam and pencil lead accented by sagebrush, toast and cedar flavors.
Fresh mint and menthol notes lend a herbaceous tone to this dry, slightly grassy Riesling. Lemon and lime flavors are brisk and clean on the palate.
A little on the simple, sweetly fruity side, with pie-filling pineapple and apple flavors enriched with smoky vanilla, caramel and buttered popcorn. Nice and crisp in acidity, but tastes a bit too sweet for a dry table wine.
Soapy, floral tones come forward, followed by tempered white peach, kiwi and pear. In the mouth, this sparkler registers medium intensity and has a lean, crisp feel.
Despite vastly rich tropical fruit flavors and plenty of sweet oak, this wine is equipped with brilliant acidity and a stony minerality that give it balance. Kudos to the winemaker for letting the terroir shine through. Will be fine with the richest Chardonnay-friendly foods you can muster.
This tough wine has overripe fruit. There are tough extracted tannins. It's a hard wine to like.
This wine opens with a stemmy aromas and remains basic in the glass, with a sweet ending.
Dark in color, with cigar-box aromas, this wine is a rich blend of the two Cabernets. It has some firm tannins that are already well integrated into the red-berry fruits and acidity. It is ready to drink, although it will be much better from 2017.
Produced from vineyard around the 13th-century castle, the wine has concentration, rich tannins and ripe berry fruit. Pepper and spice bring out the texture of the wine that is freshened by acidity.
Another fine effort from Sidewood, a winery in the Adelaide Hills that is making some solid wines at realistic prices. Although this wine sees six months of French oak, the oak flavoring impact is minimal, and the wine shows ample fruit, ranging from pear and melon through peach and pineapple. It's a reasonably rich, fruity quaff for summertime drinking.
Soft and sweet, this Pinot has simple but appealing raspberry, cherry, cola and spice flavors. It would score higher if the texture was more potent.
This power-packed new Malbec from the son of legendary Mendoza winemaker Jorge Riccitelli shows lush blackberry and cassis aromas along with burnt toast and graphite notes. A huge, saturated palate is resiny and chewy, while flavors of baked black fruits are oaky and savory, with a saucy finish that's bulky. This is full, chunky and delicious; drink through 2024.
Young and savory, this cool-climate Cabernet mixes tart berry fruit with herbal (tarragon) highlights. Ageworthy, tight and clean, with darker notes of black olive and loam.
You'll love the pretty garnet color of this riserva and the freshness of its fruit-driven bouquet. The wine delivers loads of fresh cherry and blackberry, with smoky aftertastes of leather and tobacco. The mouthfeel is round and generous, and there's a fresh touch of acidity on the close.
This wine's new leather forest floor, menthol, pressed rose and exotic spice scents emerge in the glass. Full-bodied and focused, the palate delivers layers of cherry, pomegranate, crushed herb, licorice and cinnamon flavors. Bright acidity and youthful tannins provide balance and an ageworthy structure. Drink 2023–2038.
From Three Thieves, who are establishing a reputation for value, comes this Cab, a blend of four coastal counties from Paso Robles to Dry Creek. It's ripe, soft and easy, with blackberry, chocolate, mint and vanilla flavors.
Powerful tannins and a firm, dry mouthfeel suggest long aging may be needed for this wine to drink well. It has a hearty dose of ripe cherry and tart cranberry fruit, held tightly in check by its structure. Try after 2020.
Smells vegetal and inert and tastes slightly sweet, with cherry cough medicine flavors. Gets slightly better as it breathes.
While the wine is fresh, it also has a bitter, cheesy character that is more funky than fruity. The acidity is very present, giving a crisp edge. Drink now.
Dark purple, juicy wine, with spice and pepper flavors from the Zweigelt. The fruit comes through as fresh blackberries touched with plums and lightly tannic. Simple, rustic and fruity. Screwcap.
Tough in acidity and tannins, this Pinot is notable for its structure rather than its opulence. There's an earthy, mushroomy edge to the concentrated black-cherry and cola flavors. You can drink it now if you want, but it should mellow with a few years in the cellar.
This intense wine opens with classic Nebbiolo aromas of black fruit, underbrush and a whiff of balsamic herbs. The vibrant palate doles out succulent black cherry and red berry accented with white pepper, leather, licorice, sage and thyme. It's well balanced but still young, displaying assertive tannins and nervous acidity. Drink after 2020.
A few years in the bottle are beginning to age this charming Chardonnay, although its brisk acidity and minerality remain. The pear, guava, nectarine and tangerine flavors are just starting to pick up a dried fruit character. Complex and savory, it's a very fine wine to drink now.
Joseph Phelps's flagship Chardonnay is a study in sophisticated style. A fragrant peach, pineapple, smoke and floral bouquet might, in other wines, be overpowering, but here it is subtly seductive. Rich peach, tart orange and oat flavors ride the velvety palate, and the long, suave finish displays tangerine, peaches and cream aromas and flavors. There are layers of nuance to explore here—savor this one slowly.
Pretty aromas of cherries, chocolate, and vanilla open into berry flavors that are balanced, rich and very dry, with some dusty tannins. Has a round elegance that's tableworthy.
This Merlot/Cabernet Franc blend is a tight closed wine showing tannins rather than fruit. It will remain this way.
An inaugural vintage from an estate vineyard, and one to watch despite some structural weakness. Feels a bit rough and jagged around the edges, with a greenness to the tannins and acids. Yet it feels like there's potential, given a better vintage and careful vineyard management to limit yields.
A beautiful wine to pair with desserts based on white fruits or simple but delicious vanilla sponge cake. Made from late-harvested Chardonnay, it's very sweet in apricots, lemons, vanilla and buttered toast, with a brisk edge of acidity for balance.
Soft, layered and reasonably complex, this red blend showcases juicy black cherry, cassis and a wealth of dried herb. A good value for the quality, it'll serve a gathering well, or do its job as a weekday wine.
This is a very stylish and elegant Sémillon, estate-grown and offering tongue-coating, smooth flavors of lemon, lime and dusty, dry honeycomb. Lightly dappled with cinnamon spice, it's an outstanding example of this often-overlooked grape.
Integrating the buttered toast and caramel notes of new oak with the underlying wine, this is is a Chardonnay of classy California dimensions. Despite a cool vintage, the grapes achieved remarkable ripeness, with flavors suggesting oranges and spicy, creamy papayas, while bright acidity gives it all a wakeup call of zest.
This offers great value for the quality, a mix of salty brine, stone and caramel apple that delves into more voluptuous dabs of pineapple. Light-bodied and food-friendly, it shows focused acidity and restrained oak.
Somewhat murky and smelling of compost and green berry fruit. Feels full and wide, with a hard palate containing milk chocolate and molasses flavors. Finishes bitter, dark and herbal, with gripping tannins. Tasted twice.
Fleshy, melony scents kick it off. That set of aromas is followed by an acidic, lively palate with generic, slightly mealy flavors of peach, citrus and light oak. Long but a little bitter on the finish, but with good acid-driven zest.
Some off-notes mar this Pinot Noir. It smells a little vegetal, and then turns soft and fruity in the mouth, with flavors of cherries and cocoa.
Dried rose, violet, crushed black cherry, cake spices, leather, herbs and balsamic notes come together alongside bracing tannins. It's already tempting but give it time to unwind. Drink after 2016.
Maybe it's Zin, maybe it's not.  Sure smells and tastes like it, with wild berry and spice notes, full body, and dusty tannins.  Somehow, though, it's more rustic than Zin, if that's possible.  It's also higher in acidity.  There's a real bite on the palate that calls for olive oil and butter.
Light in color, this crisp and fruity wine has a balance between its red fruit flavors and the tight, bright acidity. It is softer and fruitier than some of the Gosset wines, making it immediately accessible and a fine apéritif style.
Crisp and herbaceous, this has a citrus and green fruit character. Already drinkable, it is bright and fruity, finishing with a citrus tang.
Inky ruby in the glass, this Bordeaux-style blend has aromas of caramel and anise that all but hide a whiff of cherry. On the tastebuds black cherry is the predominant flavor, backed by a mouth-pleasing chorus of allspice, violet, custard and mint. Grippy tannins coat the mouth yet touches of fruit remain strong on the post-palate.
This small planting at Celilo can stand as the textbook example of what Washington Pinot Noir should be: elegant, refined, aromatic, svelte and graceful. It's definitely a feminine wine, in all the best senses of the word. Though light, it's not thin or wimpy. The tart red fruits lead into streaks of earth and metal in the finish, which has surprising length and grip.
Earthy black cherry aromas give this easygoing Rioja an honest and true nose. The palate is almost what you'd call flush, but on the other hand it's snappy and fresh, with commendable black cherry and plum flavors. With a touch of oak and mocha on the finish, it's a complete wine that should come across familiar.
Roasted plum and tomato aromas are spicy but hard and gritty. That also describes the mouthfeel on this narrow, linear Malbec with beaming acidity. Plum and berry flavors finish direct, with no interference from heavy oak.
With integrated aromas of balsam wood, cassis, cherry and mixed spices, this smells elegant and inviting. A concentrated palate is slightly narrow in feel, while flavors of baked plum, cassis, black cherry and hard spices finish with toasty oak and chocolate notes. Drink through 2017.
Consistent with past vintages, this crianza gets it right without setting off any balloons. It starts with raspberry and cassis aromas and backs that up with slightly citrusy red-fruit flavors. Any rawness or heat on the palate will be tamed by matching it with meat, chorizo, ham, cheese, etc.
The Xavier Flouret range includes wines from both Spain and France. This expression of French Sauvignon Blanc is maturing well, its primary grassy character softened by flavors of almond paste, the acidity tamed but still pulsating through the wine. There is a good apple skin texture to add complexity.
This structured wine shows firm tannins as well as plenty of black fruit. At the same time, it has a sense of balance and elegance, as well as crispness that counteracts the ripe, juicy fruit. The wine is ready to drink.
Truffle, new leather, coconut and spiced plum aromas come together in the glass. The taut, full-bodied palate delivers mature black cherry, licorice, coffee and ground pepper set against a backdrop of fine-grained tannins that give it a firm texture. Drink 2019–2027.
It is rare to find pure Cabernet Sauvignon in the Loire, but 2009 was the year when it worked with ripe black currant and berry fruits. The wine has a dark, dense concentration while retaining elegance and a light touch. Age for several years.
From a couple of pioneers of the style, this barrel-fermented Sauvignon Blanc shows aggressive fumé-style aromas of smoky struck flint. Grilled melon and fig flavors take hold of the silky midpalate, followed by lingering grapefruit on the finish. True to its usual impressive standard.
Fresh and fruity, this is a prime example of good tawny. It has flavors of currants and figs, along with some wood acidity which gives it a great tawny character.
Here's a warm-climate Pinot Nero that shows all the characteristics aromas of the variety—wild berries, blue flowers and cherry—in a more pronounced and immediate manner. It's a bigger, more generous interpretation of the grape with a purely Sicilian signature.
There's a tobacco and tomato leaf character that gives this an almost floral aroma, but also simpler cassis and cherry fruit. Some herbal notes persist on the palate, but this medium-bodied wine avoids the vegetal side of things, finishing fresh and clean.
Typhoon Pabuk drenched the valley during harvest and botrytised these grapes. Making lemonade out of that lemon, the winery hand-sorted the grapes and crafted this ultrarich dessert wine. Dense flavors of butterscotch and sweet lemon candy make a potent combo. One half-size bottle will easily satisfy four sweet tooths.
Stalky underbrush, crushed violet and woodland berry aromas lead the way. The brisk palate offers tart cherry, clove, a hint of chopped herb and an orange zest note alongside racy acidity. Tightly knit tannins leave a firm finish.
This Loess is definitely more—more concentration, more ripeness, more Côte Rôtie character than the 2005, but already showing dramatic flavor development. Cofermented with 3% Viognier, it's a silky wine with flavors of blood, meat and earth dominating. Tannins are ripe, and it was barreled in second-fill oak, preserving the natural flavors of the vineyard. Clearly the best so far from Waters.
Deep, dark espresso bean, loam and graphite aromas hide any sense of fruit on the nose of this bottling. The palate offers more ripeness, in the form of black cherry, with an added kick of graphite, but the overall impression is quite simple.
Baked red cherry, vanilla, cola and sarsaparilla show on the nose of this very approachable bottling by Adam Lee. There is a light touch of licorice to the sip, with strawberry and red-plum flavors as well as more complex touches of tea leaf and candied raspberry.
This traditional Riserva offers a bit less intensity in terms of aromas but does putter through steadily with distinct tones of red berry, vanilla and natural rubber. It's lean and smooth in the mouth with a solid core of red fruit. Small percentages of Cabernet and Canaiolo are added to the blend.
This wine is full of acidity as much as red fruits. Crisp, tight and with freshness from the red currant fruits, it is ready to drink. This is one of the Vignobles Jean Queyrens et Fils wineries.
Fruity plum aromas mingle with dark spice, chopped herb and violet notes on the nose of this full-bodied red. On the palate, fleshy black cherry, clove and anise flavors are set against chewy tannins and fresh acidity. It's already approachable but will also offer years of enjoyment. Drink 2018–2023.
This opens with subdued aromas of French wood, grilled herb, forest floor and dark spice. The firmly structured palate shows espresso, toast, powdered sage and licorice but not much fruit richness. Grainy drying tannins leave an astringent mouthfeel.
This wine starts with a lively nose of grapefruit, citrus and fruit, followed by a soft, rounder spice and melon fruit character on the palate. A lush style of Sauvignon Blanc that's still fresh.
This wine is dry and likely to remain so. That's because the black currant flavors are too light for the structure, resulting in high acidity, firm tannins and a hole in the middle.
Scratchy red fruit aromas greet you along with leather and cheese scents. Feels juicy, light and mild, with plum, raspberry and freshness. Clean but lean, with zesty red fruit flavors and snappy acidity.
This brut nature is citric and bubbly on the palate after opening with aromas of weeds and spring onion. Flavors of lemon, herbs, onion and mustard coalesce in front of a bitter finish.
This is a changed wine from previous vintages, now emphasizing the berry flavors of the fruit and not shying away from some chewy tannins. It seems more honest and direct, without the wash of vanilla and jam, and more food-friendly as well, with the stuffing to take on a flank or hanger steak.
Unlike the candied aromas exhibited by some Beaujolais, this boasts a seriously vinous nose, with cherries and herbs and a hint of smoke or rock dust. To further distinguish it from ordinary Beaujolais, it's fairly full-bodied and shows tea-like tannins on the finish.
Hatched from the modern model, this dark, oaky Tempranillo is saturated in color, with flush, potent aromas of boysenberry, wood spice and lead pencil. It's lively and bringing the volume, while flavors of charred, savory blackberry and barbecue end in a crusty tasting finish with some heat. Drink now through 2018.
This brand new, crisp and fresh wine is so young. Even a rosé can benefit from a few months aging, and this wine with its tight red fruits and lightly tannic texture will be better being drunk after the summer when its fruitiness will explode in the mouth. It is ripe, light and packed with acidity at the end.
With aromas like Bartlett pears and butter cookies, and rich flavors that almost turn sweet, this is a full-bodied, soft-textured confection. The crispness factor is rather low to support that richness fully.
A blend of 60% Syrah, 27% Merlot and a handful of other varieties added to the mix, this aromatically pops, with complex notes of plum, blueberry, smoke, chocolate and floral accents. It's silky smooth in feel, with abundant chocolaty flavors that help it go down far too easy.
Ham sandwiches, fried chicken, potato salad and fruit salad are just a few of the things this rich, honeyed wine will complement. With flavors of lemons, limes, pineapples and vanilla, it's balanced with crisp acidity.
A Bordeaux-style blend dominated by Merlot, this is loaded with flavors of vanilla, licorice and baking spice. The four-grape blend seems heavily influenced by ginger snaps, rather than classified growths.
Cabernet Sauvignon (84%) makes up the majority of this wine, with the rest Cabernet Franc and Merlot. Herb, dark fruit, tobacco, carob and spice aromas are followed by ripe, tannic fruit flavors that seem to tussle at times.
Fresh tomato, plum, herb and spice aromas are authentic. A medium bodied palate is lifted and elegant. Flavors of woody spice, light herb, raspberry and red plum finish racy, with hints of cocoa and white pepper. Among Chilean Pinot Noirs, this is at the top of its field.
This is a rugged, dark and meaty version of Pinot Noir, so don't look for elegance or finesse. It's showing musky flavors of fig and plum, with a background of underbrush and ample tannins. Tasty enough, though lacking in varietal specificity.
Firmly tannic and still dominated by new wood, this is dense and brooding. It has the typically mineral feel of a fine Douro wine. Concentrated, brambly fruits and a powerful structure make this a wine that needs to age for at least five years.
Osborne can usually be counted on for consistency and traditional flavors. But this Amontillado is all over the map. The nose has some harsh chemical compounds, while the palate is salty like a handfull of peanuts. Shows flashes but tends to fall back into a realm best left alone. Imported by W. J. Deutsch & Sons.
The estate reserve is simply a barrel selection that the winery feels represents the top 10% of their estate-grown Pinot Noir. Basically it offers quite similar flavors; for the extra money you get more butterfat, more cherry fruit and a little less herb. What it gains in power, the wine loses in detail and nuance; depending upon your own palate preferences, the regular estate might be the better value.
This wine is dark, sweet and slightly effervescent in texture. It has an inky color, aromas like Concord-grape juice and roses, and jammy flavors.
Shaw and Smith's Sauvignon Blanc has become emblematic of the Adelaide Hills style, combining tropical fruit with a grassy streak, all framed by zippy citrus flavors. This would work equally as an apéritif or with various seafood dishes.
This opens with aromas of oak, tire rubber, fennel and underbrush. The palate is dominated by oak and oak-driven spices alongside a confectionary note and green, astringent tannins. It lacks fruit richness.
Pepper, ollallieberry, roasted pork and a violet-flavored candy aroma comprise the nose on this wine from a vineyard north of the Santa Maria Valley. Zesty acidity on the palate cuts through the boysenberry, anise and game flavors, making for a lively wine.
This younger-vines mix of Garnacha, Carignan, Cab Sauvignon and Syrah is very attractive and loaded with graphite, schisty mineral and black cherry aromas. The palate comes in waves, with the first delivering plum and berry and the second offering chocolate, herbs and lavender. Quite pretty and very tannic. Hold until 2008, if possible.
A rich but well-balanced Chard that offers loads of ripe tropical fruit flavors alongside orange oil, yellow flowers and nectarine pit. The mouthfeel is creamy and lush but balanced by medium acidity and lifted through sweet spice and toasted brioche flavors. With only 300 cases imported, the endless finish and attractive pricetag make this wine worth the hunt.
Dark, lusty, powerful, stuffed with jammy dark berry and stone fruits, this Zin is a natural for rich beef dishes, and should reward aging. The blackberry and mulberry flavors are incredibly spicy, while the tannins are a bit astringent now, suggesting a few years in the cellar.
The nose of this bottling delivers all of the standard aromas associated with the grape: Meyer lemon, white flowers and the lightest touch of sour cream. That creamy element extends to the palate and is rounded out with stone fruit flavors, oak smoke and sea salt.
This rustic Barbera tastes of blackberry. It's medium bodied with just-right acidity and tannins that are well-integrated and smooth. The finish gets a little bit meaty, which will work fine alongside meaty, smoky foods.
Neutral aromas suggest pear and mealy apple across the palate but lacking in definition. Flavors of stone fruits and apple are short on freshness; this is plump and low on acidity come finishing time.
Delicate and pink, this fragrant rosé offers immediate floral tones that recall rose, violet and lavender. There's good quality of fruit here: It's lively and vibrant and the wine imparts both power and freshness on the close.
The Lui & William bodega is behind this outstanding Tempranillo from Toro. The wine shows a brilliant violet tint in front of intense, inky aromas of black cherry and chocolate cake. The palate is superripe and bucks like a bronco; the tannins are dense and form titanic structure, and the finish of coffee and spice hints at a fine cigar. It's a huge load at 15%, so be prepared.
Butter, pear and cinammon aromas preface tropical fruit on the palate. Feels round and medium-weight, with oak not so obvious until the finish. Even so, Winemaker Cara Morrison says that future vintages will show even less wood.
Very honeyed and sweet, with bold flavors of apricot and mango that seem almost caramelized in their sugary intensity. Drink now and over the next few years.
Here's a bright, fresh and aromatic wine from northern Italy that offers aromas of honeysuckle, peach blossom and grapefruit. It's compact and clean with a fresh point of citrus on the close.
A consistent standard-bearer for the variety as expressed in Marlborough, the 2016 Private Bin boasts ample red currant and pink grapefruit aromas and flavors, perked up by a touch of leafiness. It's medium-bodied and perhaps a bit rounder and softer in the mouth than some, but finishes dry and stony.
A vein of pure elegance runs straight through this austere Taurasi and holds it together until the firm, tannic end. Along the way, it imparts tones of crushed black stone, resin, dark fruit, prune, cola and dark spice. Pair this wine with meat or aged cheese.
Smooth and chocolaty, this generous Cabernet brings plenty of chocolate-covered cherry flavors to the heart of the palate. Balanced and seamless, it follows the path of previous vintages. Drink it young for maximum enjoyment.
The nose on this Merlot is earthy, with savory scents of mushroom, soft fruit and spice, but on the palate, the wine could use a bit more structure and presence. Overall though, it's balanced and friendly, and will pair well with myriad mild-flavored dishes.
A raisiny wine of the first order. The nose is stewed, while the pruny palate is soft and chocolaty, mostly because there's no detectable acidity. Only late in the game do you catch some tannin and zest.
An uncomfortable wine. It's not quite ripe, showing green flavors and a strong dose of that notorious feline smell that diminishes the citrus fruits. On the plus side is extreme dryness and crisp acidity.
Ticking all the standard Kiwi Sauvignon Blanc boxes, this wine offers straightforward feline, grapefruit, grass and green bean characters with refreshing acidity. Drink now.
This dry, tart wine smells like sliced apples and has lemon pastry-like flavors without the sweetness. The palate is full-bodied but cut with a zing of lemon and green apple.
Tough and gritty, lacking the opulent charm you want in a good Merlot. The flavors suggest briary cherries, blackberries and spices, with an elaborate coating of oak. Drink now.
This Riserva shows sweet ripe fruit, with rum cake, blackberry jam and cinnamon-cream notes. Some bright cherry and prune accents also appear.
The 2009 vintage has produced a more subdued expression from Barbaresco's celebrated Basarin cru. This has a tight, tannic grip, with tame aromas of wild berry, cola and ginger.
Subtle hints of ripe pineapple and peach hover over this delicate and very refreshing wine. Notes of lemon and citrus zest provide freshness and zing but the most remarkable aspect is its lightness. Dry, ultralight-bodied and super-refreshing this is a great choice for a summer party.
This is another excellent Malbec in Trapiche's single-vineyard series. Aromas of anise and licorice are exotic and a bit unusual, while blueberry, blackberry and herbal hints fill out the bouquet. The palate is full and jammy, maybe a touch soft, with layered flavors of black fruits, pepper and toast. A stocky finish with a licorice reprise shows a spot of heat. Drink through 2017.
Sweet and simple, like a blend of lemonade, limeade and grapefruit juice, with a squeeze of peaches. Good, if you like your white wines this ripe.
Mocha and bitter chocolate are dominant on the nose, and while the body is rich, fresh acidity outlines the contours of a slender body. Blueberries follow later while soft tannins make this a versatile player on the table.
The aromas are quite locked up at present, with notes of cranberry, cherry, herb and wood spice. On the palate, the dark-fruit flavors show the warmth of the vintage, with a spine of firm tannins providing support.
This wine has the alcohol of the vintage along with the tannins and some of the juicy black-currant fruitiness. Lightly perfumed, it's still dry with its firm texture. It will develop although it is ready to drink.
This is a ripe, round and full-bodied wine. It has a touch of nutmeg as well as bright acidity and sliced-apple flavors. It is immediately attractive, richly packed with fruit and finishing with spice and toast.
Sourced from a hillside block of the vineyard, Floodgate is about juicy, velvety texture with a side of grip, offering a fully decadent mouthfeel and sense of luxury. Floral on the nose, its flavors are nuanced, a touch of strawberry and cherry dotted in cola spice.
Markham has been a reliable Petite source over the years, and succeeded even in the difficult '98 vintage. Rich blackberries and blueberries are dusted with black pepper. The one indication of a tough year is the dry, tannic finish, but it should work fine with a rare steak. —J.C.
Very fruity, with jammy or pie-filling flavors of red cherries, raspberries, cola and sweet cedar, sprinkled with cinnamon, anise and melted butter. The tannic structure is rich and refined, suggesting moderate ageability.
This luxury bottling spends nine months in barrel, yet shows little overt oak. It's full, ripe and opulent without going over the top, boasting aromas and upfront flavors of honeydew, apricot and bergamot. Then the long, mouthwatering finish folds in hints of honey and pineapple without any hint of bitterness.
Raw, leafy aromas announce a hard, astringent wine with green, herbal flavors of juniper and raspberry. A rubbery finish confirms that this is base level and acceptable in the scheme of things.
The Crespiello grape isn't one you see often, but it yields a deep, dark style of wine with balsamic notes, fresh black-fruit flavors and weight. This one is almost on the side of cooked, but not quite, thus it blazes a path with blackberry, smoked meat, jerky spice and more. A touch flat but not flabby.
Enveloped in toasted oak aromas, this reserve-tier wine tingles with acidity and refreshing, high-toned fruit. As it opens, it delves into richer baked apple and pear flavors while preserving a lemony citrus undertone. It finishes layered and round, with a lingering nutmeg note.
A very fine wine that showcases what Souverain can do, and also the vintage and the appellation. Well-ripened black currant and cassis flavors are wrapped in a smooth, creamy wine, with good acidity. The mouth experience is rich and classy.
A perennial Best Buy, the Les Jamelles Cinsault is a reliable choice for summer quaffing. It's a little fuller than many rosés, but also a touch more complex, adding hints of minerality to the bold, fruity notes of cherries and watermelon.
Aromas of raspberry and blue flower open this lovely wine. The juicy palate offers ripe marasca cherry while cinnamon and white pepper add depth. This isn't very complicated, but who cares—the delicious flavors and smooth tannins make it an absolute joy to drink. Not an ager so enjoy soon.
Pure butterscotch aromas seem to leap from the glass, yet the flavors are dry and rather reserved, not nearly as obvious as the smell. The balance leans toward tartness, the flavors are lean and the finish lemony.
This 100% varietal wine was aged entirely in French oak and given plenty of time in bottle. It opens with a burst of coconut flavor and light cedar and currant accents, feeling structured yet light on the palate and juicier on the finish.
Light aromas of barrel spice and red and black fruit are followed by sweet fruit flavors. It delivers enjoyment, but the flavors seem slightly dried out.
Midnight purple in color, this has legs as thick as an elephant's. It smells like boysenberry jam, spice and bacon, then feels like motor oil on the palate, with flavors of black fruit, chocolate and boysenberry syrup. It lacks complexity, but it hits hard with concentration, power and sweetness.
Light, lemony aromas come with a hint of buttercup. The palate is basic, wet and juicy, with average citrus and apple flavors. Finishes solid and mostly fresh, with generic sweet apple and melon notes along with some weight.
Blended from Grenache, Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon, this wine has smoky charred-wood aromas, and tastes dry and powerful, with very firm tannins. It's lean in terms of fruit flavor, but it has a great grippy texture to pair well with big proteins.
This almost wins the white food wine of the year award. It's very dry, very crisp, and refreshingly clean, with balanced citrus zest, green melon, stony mineral and spicy pepper flavors. The acids really come into play on the finish. Let's eat!
Red currant, black cherries and a touch of dried oregano show on this blend of 60% Sangiovese, 20% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Merlot, and 10% Grenache. The mouthfeel is quite full of flavor although relatively medium-bodied, with red cherry and blackberry fruit flavors cut by a pencil lead minerality. Easy to quaff and quite hedonistic.
Ripe, balanced and attractive, this red boasts fine tannins that lend subtle structure to the black plum fruit. Dense with fruitiness and acidity, it's rich enough to savor with meat. Drink now.
Aromas of perfumed berry, scorched earth, rose and cake spices lead the nose. The structured palate offers wild cherry, crushed strawberry, white pepper, clove and aromatic herbs alongside firm, fine-grained tannins and lively acidity. It's almost accessible but will be even better in a year or two. Drink after 2018.
Raisin, molasses and brown sugar are the main aromas on an overripe-smelling bouquet. This is heavy and jammy in feel, with consistent flavors of prune and raisin. A jammy, weighty finish matches all that comes before it.
While subdued and closed off at initial tasting, time and aeration seem to bring out this wine's vibrant tangerine and apricot perfume. The spry palate is delicately sweet, juxtaposing fresh, primary stone fruit and lime flavors against a backdrop of savory earth and nut. It's a quiet wine that should gain power and depth with maturity. Hold until 2020.
This opens with aromas of oak, mint, saw dust and lemon zest. The palate offers toasted oak, spice and a hint of dried apricot and citrus. Although it still has vibrant acidity, the fruit is for the most part dried up, giving this a lean but linear character.
Aromas of applesauce, lemon cake and lychee are probably the best part of the wine. In the mouth, it's chunky and wan, with candied, sweet apple and melon flavors. Finishes heavy, and overall it seems to be on an early fade.
Winemaker: Gottfried Mocke. Spiced fruit cake, pressed carnation, cherry cola and subtle pepper dance on the nose of this layered, complex bottling. The lush, ripe fruit tones carry through to the medium-weight palate, which offers a crushed satin texture thanks to structured yet subtle tannins and ample acidity. There's a mocha decadence to the finish, but it's pleasant and enticing. Drink now–2021.
Ripe pear, peach and a wild-thyme-scented edge play on nose. They continue on the slender, focused palate into a long trajectory of flavor that remains dry and refreshing throughout.
92-94 Barrel sample. A complete wine, rich and opulent. It has all the right balances of acidity, sweet fruits, black flavors and underlying dry tannins. Excellent.
Dark berry, tobacco, leather and a balsamic note are some of the aromas you'll find on this stunning wine. The firm, full-bodied palate delivers ripe black cherry, black pepper, licorice and chopped mint alongside youthfully assertive but refined tannins that need time to unwind. Drink 2021–2031.
Cool mint, blueberry and raisin aromas are lush and smooth, but charred oak is roaring loud on the nose of this dry-farmed Syrah. Punchy, short acidity makes the mouthfeel abrupt. Dark chocolate and ripe berry flavors end with hard-spiced blackberry and an everlasting burnt-oak character.
This citrusy wine is all grapefruit, lime and citrus peel, with green notes poking through. Enjoyable, easy and varietally characteristic of Sauvignon Blanc.
This light and fruity wine offers fresh peach flavors, with a burst of lemon candy. It's off dry and finishes with a sugary kick.
Steely and tight, this is a mineral-driven wine. With its vibrant acidity and tense texture, it is a classic Chardonnay that will fill out slowly and evolve favorably with time. Beneath the tension and forward acidity is a rich wine, though it needs time to show it. Drink from 2020.
The bouquet smells like spiked fruit cocktail, and in the long run what's wrong with that? The palate is open and fairly easy, with a touch of kick pushing citrus, tropical fruit and even some mineral notes. A more citrusy and fresh style of Viognier, with 15% Chardonnay.
With some wood aging, this is a toasty, perfumed wine. It has a stony, structured character with plenty of acidity as well as ripe apricot and sweet apple flavors. The crispness has been tamed by the wood aging to give a ripe, full in the mouth wine. Drink from 2017.
White mineral and stone fruit do appear but this Pinot Grigio is ultimately weak and watery on the nose. The mouthfeel is crisp and tonic and the wine delivers a grapefruit finish.
Here are exemplary Vernaccia aromas of green apple, pear, stone fruit and a light sprinkling of peppermint. The wine's bouquet is intense and pristine and the feel in the mouth is compact, easy but refreshing.
Acidity hits the palate like a shard of glass, immediately followed by rich, concentrated flavors of blackberries, cassis and spices. The tannins are strong, too. All the parts simply have not come together. Will it age well? It's not a slam dunk.
Perfumed wine, deliciously aromatic but also structured. This is balanced, intently tannic. The fruit is equally important, the black currant juice and refreshing acidity a counterbalance to the tannins.
Pure in its fruitiness, this wine has a crisp character and light texture, making it very accessible now. Quince, grapefruit and blood orange flavors combine seamlessly, accumulating in weight on the palate. Drink now. Screwcap.
Toasty aromas mix with notes of freshly shucked corn and biscuit. The flavors are spritzy and lively, with berry flavors on the finish.
A great pairing partner to pizzas or cheesy pastas, Tribolo has the high acidity and alcohol to wash your palate clean of fatty foods. It ends with bright notes of cherry, cassis and cola.
Rooty aromas of licorice and sarsparilla are oaky and toasty, like burnt bread crust. This reserva feels weighty, but well balanced. Spicy currant and plum flavors are racy and improve on an elegant finish that doesn't overreach. Drink through 2026.
This is made in an unusually light and refreshing style, using grapes from 37-year-old vines. It has aromas and flavors like white pepper, snap peas and lemon, light body and crisp acidity. The overall impression is one of freshness and brightness.
In this vintage the Klipsun Vineyard Merlot (75%) is blended with Cabernet Sauvignon from Ciel du Cheval (22%) and Cabernet Franc from the Taptiel Vineyard, all prime property on Washington's Red Mountain. Tight and focused, this exceptionally well-structured Merlot mixes red and black fruits with exotic spices. Muscular and built to age, it's an amazing wine.
Boasts a reddish-copper color and a fine bead, but doesn't give up a lot on the nose—just hints of berries and toast. Tastes more earthy and mushrooomy, with a creamy mouthfeel but a short finish.
This structured and dense wine hails from the steep, sloping hills of the Lisboa region. While aged in Portuguese oak, which provides spice and dark tannins, the delicious black fruit core is not overpowered. Drink now–2016.
Buttery cream is on the nose of this vineyard-designate, a relatively affordable offering from an esteemed producer in the heart of the Napa Valley. Oaky on the palate, the medium-weighted wine is nicely offset by a searingly crisp bite of lemon that peaks on the finish.
Aromas of ripe dark-skinned fruit, spice, underbrush and dried herbs emerge from this blend of Cabernet Franc, Merlot and Petit Verdot. The palate delivers dried black cherries, plum, clove and grilled sage alongside tightly-knit tannins. Drink 2016–2020.
Barrel aromas of vanilla and coconut are followed by fruit-forward cranberry and raspberry flavors and a vanilla-filled finish. The oak plays prominently.
Clarksburg, in the warm Delta region, is better known for Chenin Blanc. This Chard shows its origins in the softness and earthiness that accompanies the apple flavors. It's a perfectly decent everyday sipper.
Lightly perfumed, this is an attractive, creamy textured and fruity wine with subtle edginess. It has apricot and mango flavors, shot through with lime acidity and a delicate floral character. Drink now.
Strawberry and raspberry notes come with a tart edge in this easygoing rosé. On the palate, strawberry, violet and spice notes are balanced and fresh. A good everyday choice that will pair well with fruit salad, chicken salad and cold cuts.
The peel of ripe pears paired with a soft lemon freshness characterizes this somewhat earthy wine. The earthiness becomes stronger on the dry palate but is brightened by lemony acidity and a clean-cut finish.
Ripe and meaty, with bacon, earth, leather and inviting black fruit aromas. Not lazy at all; in fact a laser-like beam of acidity cuts through the palate, pushing bright, slightly fierce flavors of savory berry and minty oak. Finishes hot, spicy and with coffee and mocha. Cabernet-Monastrell to drink now through 2014.
This aromatic wine brings aromas of blackberry, vanilla, licorice and medicine cabinet. It's reserved in style but flavorful, with abundant notes of blackberry and anise backed by lightly chalky tannins.
Inspired by the ancient via Francigena pilgrimage route (antiche vie) that once linked Canterbury and Rome, this easygoing Chianti offers tart cherry and sour berry aromas with a tight, crisp mouthfeel.
A dense, wood-aged and tobacco scented wine. It has bramble fruits, red currants and a mineral texture. With layers of acidity as well as firm tannins, it should age well over 4–6 years.
After a foxy, jumpy smelling bouquet with animal fur aromas and minerality, this six-grape blend settles and shows its better colors, namely ripe baked-fruit flavors, a whack of oaky vanilla and lastly a modest, smooth finish with just enough acidity to provide kick and pizzazz. Give this blocky, full-bodied blend time in the glass and it will reward you. Drink through 2018.
Sweet, ripe pineapple jam, honey, vanilla and buttered toast and popcorn flavors characterize this simple Chardonnay. Production was 32,000 cases.
This is delicious, concentrated and showing a range of nuances; along with ripe apple and pear flavors come spicy hints of cinnamon and baking spices. Firm acids, good balance, and more texture and length than most domestic Chardonnays in this price range.
Bright lemon and apple aromas make for a subtle Gewürztraminer, but this off-dry wine is bright with tangerine acidity and a crisp, blossomy palate. It's straightforward in style but pretty and easy drinking.
Villa di Chiesa is a sophisticated 50-50 blend of Vermentino and Chardonnay that remains in contact with the lees and is fermented in oak for a generous and creamy feel in the mouth. The wine boasts bright notes of exotic fruit and fresh peach backed by vanilla and almond.
This oaky, creamy Malbec is one of Karim Mussi Saffie's trilogy of 2011 La Consulta single-vineyard varietals, and they are so similar in aromas, body weight, flavors and high oak levels that they are virtually interchangeable. Like its bretheren, this pours on the wood, vanilla, graphite, pencil eraser and resin along with sweet blackberry and cassis flavors. Maybe with time in the bottle it'll gain more individuality.
What a lovely and balanced rendition of Zweigelt: its forest fruit and cherry notes are pure and held in a tight focus on the midpalate. The body is smooth, full-fruited, generous but balanced by vibrant, food-friendly and appetizing freshness. Handled with such bravura, Zweigelt almost attains a Pinot-like elegance—no wonder, since the Reinisch-brothers are masters of their art.
A welcome return to form for Morgan's Sauvignon Blanc, after a few disappointing vintages. This 2010 is dry and crisp in acidity, with ripe gooseberry and Meyer lemon fruit flavors. A touch of French oak adds welcome richness.
This wine has strong aromas like wood smoke and grilled beef, then equally smoky, peppery flavors and a tart, rather tannic texture.
Subtle and elegant, this opens with a smoky aroma that underscores delicate scents of orchard fruit, citrus and botanical herb. The aromas follow through to the linear palate along with a racy mineral vein. A note of cured meat closes the racy finish.
Rusty in color, which is to be expected. The nose shows dried cherry, belt leather and cigar box, and at this point all seems dandy. The palate, however, is short and stewy, with too little fruit to stand up to the prickly acids and herbal notes. Already past its prime.
This is a thoroughly modern Cabernet. It could come from the Napa Valley floor, and is not particularly representative of Knights Valley. But it is flashy, with massively ripe blackberry, red currant, oak flavors, with oak providing a rich jacket of toast. So high in alcohol and soft, it seems unlikely to age, so drink up.
Deep garnet in color, with dark amber highlights. There's loads of intensity here, with ripe, syrupy fruit, blackberry preserves, prune and dark plum. On the savory side, the wine presents an even succession of leather, tobacco and cedar. It's soft, generous and thickly textured on the luscious finish.
Smoky black-fruit aromas come with oaky influences of lemon rind, leather and black pepper along with minerality. A ripe, dense palate offers blackened flavors of plum and cassis, while a long, peppery, herbal and spicy finish is staunch but lush and oaky enough to give off rooty, lemony afternotes. Drink through 2021.
Notes of cider, sweat and Chinese five spice give this wine an intriguing edge. Medium-full in weight, it has soft lines, plenty of flesh and a succulent finish.
This small production (200 cases) Pinot Noir is a mix of older and younger estate vines, a selection of lots given 22 months in 60 and 132 gallon French oak casks. It's still tasting quite young, sharp and chewy, with spicy fruit backed up against earthy tannins. Give it plenty of breathing time.
Brilliantly crisp and lushly creamy and honeyed, just a beautiful Chardonnay that offers decadence and sheer deliciousness. Massive in grilled pineapples, green apples, ripe nectarines and butterscotch, brightened with mouthwatering acidity. A joy to drink.
This 100% varietal wine from the producer's famous vineyard is sanguine in red currant and woody tannin. Full bodied and substantial in body and spirit, it has alluring aromatics of sage and mountain brush, remaining balanced in acidity despite the intensity and power.
Raw, unripe and unlikeable, with a bitter finish. Whatever were they thinking when they set the price?
Rounded and rich from the top vineyard site of the Göttweig monastery, the wine has an impressive concentration, yellow fruit flavors and the lightest hint of spice with final acidity.
Fruity black currant aromas leap out of the glass in this wine, offering flavors that are fresh, young and fruity. It has soft tannins, cherry fruit and lively acidity. Not made for aging so drink now. Screwcap.
Dark plum and cinnamon intermix on the nose and on the palate in this high-toned version of the variety from an appellation in which it grows well. Black licorice and mocha chocolate play off one another before a dusty finish.
This effusive, expressive wine offers deep citrus, lemon drop, grapefruit and peach flavors. The fruit is further boosted with a powdered sugar note. Delicious already, it should drink well over the next three or four years.
Very fresh, fruity and appetizing notes of juicy pear make this very easy to like and sip. The palate is fresh and made light and zingy by lovely zesty lime and lemon notes. A vein of white pepper is fizzing away at the core. It's a perfect summer wine with the slightest spritz.
The Cannubi Boschis cru (also known as Monghisolfo) is known for the excellent quality of its fruit. This expression is particularly austere and elegant and would fit appropriately in a gentleman's smoking room or other such formal context. The aromas recall old leather, cigar box, dried rose petal and dried figs. Very interesting, very tight and firm.
Bright and refreshing, this offers aromas of orchard fruit and citrus. The lively palate delivers white peach, mature pear and nectarine alongside crisp acidity while a mineral note signals the close.
Well known as a Saumur-based producer of Cremant de Loire, this winery, owned by Bollinger Champagne, also makes this soft, flowery Sancerre. It is ripe and fresh, with layers of citrus fruits and some full, mouthwatering acidity. Imported by Paterno Wines International.
This gold-colored Furmint has aromas of lemon grass, pink grapefruit juice and quince. In the mouth there are flavors of peach, violet, vanilla and toasted almond.
Classic, intensely herbaceous and grassy, this is fine cool-climate Sauvignon Blanc. It keeps some restraint as the fresh grapefruit flavors soften out midpalate. The final flavor, though, is full-on asparagus and green fruits.
This 50–50 blend of Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon shows elegant layers of black currant, blackberry, purple flower, milk chocolate, anise and vanilla aromas. The palate is rich, thick and deep, with brooding yet well-integrated black fruit and hearty spice notes.
A clearly defined varietal nose greets you, and the wine enters the palate with authority and vigor. It is precision- sculpted, with nuances—well integrated—of earth and herb and a hint of stem. It's wrapped into elegant fruit flavors of plum and black cherry that fill in the finish.
Almost more of a white Graves style than a traditional New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc, featuring a kiss of French oak and ample body without any overt pungency. Ripe melon and fig flavors easily accompany slightly grassy notes, accented by grapefruit on the finish. Drink now.
Classic spice and lychee aromas lead to a wine that is medium sweet, attractive but one-dimensional. It has perfumed, candy shop flavors, almost exaggerated. Screwcap.
There's a lot of richness in this wine, which has a pale pink color. You can smell fresh strawberries as well as a yeasty note and something earthy and mulchy. It drinks quite dry and crisp, with a real bite of acidity and some pretty raspberry flavors. It turns rich and complex on the finish.
A firm, rich wine that has great potential. The blend of 70% Merlot and 30% Cabernet Sauvignon gives the wine its ripe, berry fruits and fine acidity. Now maturing well, it still has some firm tannins and a dark core that will soften in the next few months. Drink from late 2017.
This stainless-steel-fermented white is lively in peach, apricot and guava flavors that are surprisingly lengthy and complex. Vanilla bean, wet stone and lemon add additional layers of goodness.
A blend of Nero d'Avola and Cabernet Sauvignon, this wine offers ripe, plump layers of black fruit, chocolate and spice. The palate is soft, luscious and velvety.
A slightly confected, extremely fruity rosé, marked by scents of rose petals, cherries and strawberries. Offers decent fruit concentration, then turns slightly chalky on the finish.
Lots of smoky, spicy oak on this wine. The wood is the dominant feature right now, overshadowing the blackberry, cherry,  cassis and cocoa flavors. The mountain tannins also are strong, suggesting ageability. Should hold and soften through 2012.
The great sweetness of this wine makes its success. It's just delicious, offering up a mouthful of chocolate-covered cherry candy flavors with the sharpness of cassis. Crisp acidity and fine, dusty tannins make it elegant.
Inky purple in color, with herbal, minty, toasty berry aromas that suggest a touch of green, this Tannat-Malbec blend tastes of rooty, baked black fruits and black pepper. On the finish, which is hard as rocks, this tastes of licorice and burnt toast.
For Navarran Merlot-Cab, Inurrieta Norte is always a winner. This vintage has good darkness along with smooth aromas of black fruit, earth, rubber and spice. It's a bit acidic and shrill as a tasting wine but will do fine at the table. The mouth is spunky and shows slightly herbal raspberry and plum flavors. Finishes light and easy.
A blend with 85% Gamay, this wine comes from the Beaujolais region. It has delicious red-cherry fruit and attractive acidity. The wine with its layer of tannins is ready to drink— fruity and bright.
Slightly volatile herb, wood spice, dill, orange peel and citrus aromas are followed by lemony flavors backed by firm tannins.
A rich wine, it adds a finely textured dimension to the red fruitiness and fresh acidity. With complex fruits, structure as well as the attractive crispness, it's a dry wine, best drunk with food.
Bramble and dusty mineral tones lend a savoriness to this zesty lime-tinged wine. It's still tightly wound, showing more earth than fruit, but it's a fresh citrusy wine with vitality. The finish is just a shade off dry.
New Zealand Sauvignons near the $10 mark that aren't being churned out by a huge multinational corporation are getting hard to find, but here's one example, and it's available in magnums too, which should be even more economical—provided you've got a big enough thirst or enough guests to down all that wine. This excellent value in NZ SB is a bit understated on the nose, but still offers herbal flourishes, stone fruit and citrus in a medium-bodied, well-rounded package. Picks up refreshing passion fruit notes on the finish.
Shows a great return to form over the 2006, with the lush flavors and rich attractions of the 2005. With soft but complex tannins, the wine immediately appeals for its wealth of blackberries, black currants and plums, enriched with smoky oak. Very rich, pure and refined. Fine now, with a good decant, and should age well for a decade.
Perfumed Verdelho gives a ripe wine that is full and rich in the mouth. It has spice as well as sweet apricot and mango flavors. The acidity is a much lighter element, leaving a wine that feels fat and round.
Steely lemon aromas bring some focus to overripe apple and candied banana tones on the nose. The palate is light on intensity of mushy peach and candied flavors.
What a pretty Pinot Grigio, at a really great every-day price. Provides a crisp bite of acidity, brightening flavors of oranges, lemons, limes, green apples and honey. Super-drinkable with everything from little appetizers to broiled chicken and Asian food.
From the warmest vintage on record, ripeness was never the issue here. It's balance and freshness that are the litmus test, and this passes with flying colors. Firm polished apple and pear fruit anchors the wine, with highlights of citrus skin. It's got all you could ask for in an all-purpose, solid and tasty young white wine.
Smoke and the merest, tantalizing whiff of toffee apple can be discerned on the nose. Fragrant herbs—think chervil and yarrow—also make an appearance. The palate is dry but brims with ripe lemon oil and fresh lemon fruit. This is streamlined and impactful, with a commanding, overarching freshness that only enforces the inherent power of this site more. For now this is tightly wound and still closed, majoring on its ample lemon charm but this needs bottle age to let the myriad notes promised on the nose unfold on the palate. Drink 2022–2040.
This shows considerable maturity, with a honeyed character that gives the wood aging some sweetness. It's ripe and full-bodied, touched with old wood, and finishing with mature acidity.
This 100% Cabernet Sauvignon celebrates the old Inglenook Cask Cabs, but has to grapple with a thin vintage. It's dry, but excessively soft and low on fruit. Tries to make up for a lack of stuffing with oaky sweetness, and has charm, but no depth.
Aromas of ripe berry, fragrant blue flower and a whiff of Alpine herb lead the nose. The generous palate offers juicy black cherry, crushed raspberry, cinnamon and licorice alongside firm, fine-grained tannins. Drink 2018–2023.
This outgoing and full-bodied wine has a lot going for it. Fruity, enticing aromas lead to fully ripe flavors that suggest plums and fresh strawberries, with a suave and supple texture.
Despite the wine being fermented and aged in 100% new French oak, the fruit shines through, with notes of corn silk, peach and tropical fruit accented by barrel spices. Texture and richness to the sweet fruit flavors keeps interest high.
Luscious peach and honeysuckle aromas are redolent on this dry, but somewhat perfumy Riesling. Broad and full on the palate, it's lushly textured, but with a bright streak of acidity that tightens the finish.
Pa' Riondo is a fresh, fruit-forward Ripasso with loads of cherry, blackberry and cassis on the bouquet. That natural freshness continues to the mouth, where the wine shows good acidity backed by hearty concentration and density.
Syrah (48%) makes up nearly half this wine with the rest spread between Grenache (32%) and Mourvèdre. Ripe aromas of red and blue fruit, cranberry and black pepper are followed by a velvety palate that delivers the goods.
Winemaker Bill Brousseau works to restrain the powerful ripeness that can come from one of the more famous vineyards in the appellation. This offers a nose with wound-up cranberry fruit, touches of hibiscus and rosebuds, and chipped-slate aromas. The palate shows juniper and pine-needle spice across a juicy black-cherry and black-plum core, with strong acidity and solid structure extending into a savory finish.
Subtle, intricate aromas and equally sophisticated flavors of baking spices, tamarind and cherries make this a fascinating wine to taste. It's full bodied but lithe. Energizing acidity and firm tannins give it great structure and help carry the complex flavors through a lingering finish.
This stainless-steel fermented Sauvignon bursts with plenty of grassy, herbal notes as well as tropical and citrus fruit before ending with a hint of grapefruit pith.
A firmly tannic wine, its dry core surrounded by dark plum skin and damson flavors. It has weight, a potential for richness that will develop over the next 2–3 years. Solid and chunky aftertaste.
Although this is dry and nicely tart in acidity, it's unripe and green, with a severe feline aroma to the citrus fruits.
Two Dijon clones went into this tasty Chardonnay, which is rounded out and easily accessible upon opening. Smooth tree-fruit flavors are set in a lightly buttery frame, with nutmeg spice. As it rolls along the impression of fresh-baked brioche is undeniable. Delicious and ready to enjoy immediately, this should hold up in the cellar through 2021 or so.
Located north of Margaux village, Deyrem Valentin is a small, family-owned property of 32 acres that represents one of the values of Margaux. This wine is smooth, polished and concentrated, with flavors of wood and a sweet-tasting blackberry. The acidity and tannins demonstrate a fine balancing act. This shows good aging potential.
Despite the relatively high alcohol and scents of slightly cooked, raisined fruit, this comes across as rather thin and stiff. The fruit lacks any sweetness, and the tannins turn chalky in the finish.
While initially a bit earthy and savory on the nose, this ethereal kabinett abounds in fruity, floral complexities. Cutting and spry, its sweet, tangy citrus and stone-fruit flavors seem to dance nervously on the palate. It's nuanced and minerally, with a deliciously salty finish.
Dusty, savory mineral and earth tones go head-to-head with fresh apple, lemon and lime notes in this crisp dry Riesling. It's a refreshing everyday wine marked by spine tingling acidity—a perfect pairing for creamy cheeses and rich braises. Drink now.
This is a 100% varietal that has been barrel fermented in French oak. It underwent full malolactic fermentation, which may explain the soft, buttery mouthfeel. The flavors are of apricots, peaches and honeysuckle, with a sugary finish.
While the wine is technically dry, its richness gives it a sweeter sensation. The ripe apricot and pineapple fruit is cut with knife-like acidity, allowing this concentrated wine to remain poised, with a crisp finish.
Very smooth, yet mouth-drying with firm tannins, this Cabernet is a bit lean, but it defines the elegance that Napa is capable of. The blackberry and currant flavors are balanced by earthier notes of green olives, cola and dried herbs, while the oak is subtle, even though it's all new. Grows more interesting as it warms in the glass, and the alcohol level is a moderate 13.6%. Blended from all five classic Bordeaux varieties, it will improve in the bottle over the next eight years.
This Bordeaux-style blend is Baer's top wine. A bright bouquet of violet, berry, pepper and stone greets you at first sniff, and it gets better and better from there. Dark fruits weave through a supple and striated flavor palette, long and detailed.
Here's a fresh, simple Barbera with a tiny touch of toasted almond that gives it slightly more complexity and intensity. The mouthfeel is lean and light with a short but satisfying finish.
From his Saint-Émilion base, Bertrand Ravache has created two brands: Leo (for Comte Léo de Malet Roquefort) and Les Hauts. This wine is all fruit, ripe and with a mineral edge. It has lots of acidity, lively fruitiness and hints of spice. Drink this fruity wine now.
Starts out with some heaviness and aromas of fresh cement and lacquer. With airing it improves, revealing a high-acid, fresh palate with raspberry, saline and herbal flavors. Roasted and firm on the finish, with a bit of excess heat.
Dumas Station draws its fruit from the excellent Minnick Hills Vineyard. This 100% Syrah takes no prisoners: Its superconcentrated flavors of blackberry syrup, maple syrup, espresso, dark chocolate and vanilla rock-and-roll across the palate, propelled by the high alcohol.
It's another inky Rhône monster with aging potential from Epoch and their historic Paderewski Vineyard. This Syrah-led blend throws off inviting aromas of black cherry pie, violet, fennel and balsamic vinegar reduction. Once sipped, layers of flavor emerge steadily, with blackberry fruit roll-up, wet pipe tobacco, candied nuts, lingering herbs and a slight vanilla finish. Serve with osso buco or otherwise roasted pork.
Produced by the winemaking team of Château Giscours in Margaux, this is finely ripe blend of Sémillon and Sauvignon Blanc. With rich tropical fruits and lime flavors, it is balanced and already delicious. Drink now.
An aromatic wine, this is crisp with lively acidity and a tight texture. White currants and apple skin flavors are supplemented by lime and grapefruit. Drink now and until 2018.
This blends fruit from Force Majeure, Blackrock and Alder Ridge vineyards. Aromas of crushed rock, dried leaves, cherry and barrel spices lead to sweet cherry and chocolate flavors. The oak (58% new French) plays a big part but it works.
A decent but clumsy wine, showing the pitfalls of this variety in California. It's very dry and silky in texture, but hot in alcohol, and there's a burnt taste to the cherry and oak flavors. Not going anywhere.
90–92. Barrel sample. This very fresh wine is packed with juicy black currant flavors. It's ripe, soft tannins show a full and delicious character already.
The third generation of the Laplace family has produced a black-colored, juicy and richly balanced wine. Its black plum and damson fruit is enclosed in young, firm tannins that will gradually soften. It's a dark, dense wine that will be ready to drink by 2020.
Toasted oak and vanilla are noticeably present on the palate and nose of this wine, which evolves in the glass to take on a more tropical feel and tastes of ripe pineapple and guava. Medium to light in texture, it finishes smoothly and flat.
This is a ripe, tangy wine. Skin contact before and during fermentation gives an extra richness while also preserving the crisp creaminess of the grape. The extra aging has produced a ripe wine that is ready to drink.
This Zinfandel, made using grapes from vines the winery says average 90 years of age, is pretty and polished. It's surprisingly light in body, with a silky, transparent mouthfeel, but the flavors are very complex. The usual wild berry and tobacco flavors are apparent, but there are extra notes of espresso, cocoa, sweet herb, beef jerky and an extravagant array of dusty Asian spices.
Chunky in size as it shows mostly canned fruit on the nose. Full banana, melon and citrus flavors are ripe but also kind of sticky. Light in color but not weak.
Here's a soft, simple Pinot, with one-dimensional raspberry, cherry and oak flavors. It has a jammy, syrupy finish.
There's a muddled or confused quality to this blend of Sangiovese (50%), Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot. Although the nose needs deciphering, the mouthfeel is clean, fruit-driven and tight.
A gorgeous Cabernet, sweetly soft and generous, offering delicious flavors. With an overlay of smoky, vanilla-scented oak, it has a core of blackberries, cherries, cassis and spices. Feels vital and flashy. Drink over the next four years.
Refreshingly crisp in acidity, with a clean mouthfeel and pleasantly rich peach, honeysuckle and vanilla flavors. There's even a diesel-like petrol note, like Riesling. Great value in a stylish white wine.
This lightly reductive wine has aromas of white peach, honeysuckle and the underside of a pineapple. It drinks medium sweet with tangerine flavors on the finish.
Clements Hills is an up and coming subregion within Lodi and the grapes for this wine have been sourced from three Clements Hills vineyards. The wine has its rustic side but is also savory, with dark plum and berry fruit flavors and a toasty note at the end. The Chelonian Research Foundation, for which this wine is named, is devoted to the conservation of turtles and tortoises, and portions of the wine's proceeds will be donated.
This is a very generous and creamy Chardonnay from Piedmont that opens with rich tones of yellow fruit and rose, chalky mineral and playful notes of almond paste. The wine is full and smooth in the mouth, making it a perfect companion to spicy Indian food.
Barolo Ciabot Manzoni is a tremendous wine with rich notes of cherry, vanilla and chocolate. Yes, it's a bold, modern wine but there's no denying the quality and beauty here. Give it more time in the cellar to allow those oak notes to integrate and give more prominence to the sophisticated aromas of wild berries, mineral, cola and licorice that are generously present. A Marc de Grazia selection; various American importers.
Good, fleshy flavors of tart cherries in this dry wine. Yet it lacks structural integrity, as it is too soft and melted. Drink now.
So sweet and strong in jammy blackberry fruit, this young Cabernet is hardly drinkable now. The vineyard is in the Oak Knoll District, and the wine shows the big tannins and fine acidity of this cooler part of Napa Valley. An obvious cellar candidate, it needs 6–8 years of bottle age to begin to mellow.
The Nussberg vineyard towering above the western edge of Vienna is famed for its field blend Gemischter Satz (mixed varieties). Fritz Wieninger has produced a wine that perfectly balances opulence with minerality. Rich fruits march with citrus and finish with structure, and the potential to age.
Initially wood dominated, this then reveals mint, dark chocolate and black currant flavors. An impressive Bordeaux-style blend that's concentrated while retaining the correct sense of structure and acidity. It needs aging. Screwcap.
Robust in black pepper and intense black fruit, this has a tension of freshness and red cherry, making for a complex and intriguing wine with noticeable structure and a refreshing finish.
Lemon, mineral and spice notes characterize this indigenous white from Greece. Dry and clean, it will pair well with grilled fish or octopus.
There is a distinct phenolic edge on this earthy, lemon-dominated and taut Riesling. Fruit—apart from citrus—is subsumed into an earthy, tense and concentrated palate. This needs more time to relax into itself and should blossom with more bottle age. Drink 2017–2020.
You don't see much Sauvignon Blanc in Sicily (the variety is usually associated with cooler climates) but when you do, they resemble Sinestesìa. There are ripe fruit and peach aromas with yellow rose, honey and jasmine.
Subdued aromas of plum and a hint of violet lead the way. The easy-drinking, straightforward palate conveys black cherry, pomegranate and a hint of anise alongside soft, fleeting tannins.
An innocuous, easy drinking wine with notes of apple and pear pairing with a medium bodied, textured feel. Some sugar sweetens the finish.
There is a sharpness to the aroma, a pungent mix of pineapple and pine needle, that leads into a fairly light palate with lemon oil, citrus fruit and a hint of orange hard candy. Residual sugar near 2% helps balance out the acidity. The wine tastes a bit like a Vouvray—the same sweet/sour tension.
This 100% Cabernet is delicious, but it's a shadow of what this winery used to be, and shows little Stags Leap character. Made to appeal to the popular style of softness, sweet fruit and oakiness, it has rich flavors of blackberry jam and buttered toast. Drink now.
White talc and pressed flowers come to mind and color a pristine sparkler with pretty luminosity and a generous disposition. The wine has a soft, yielding texture and offers peachy fruit flavors on the close.
A lovely wine with a bright and polished bouquet, this delivers loads of dark fruit, licorice, moist earth, Spanish cedar and white truffle. Its complexity and endurance are impressive. Thanks to the tight tannins, this wine should easily evolve over the next 10–20 years.
Just barely out of barrel when released, this will surely benefit from another year or so in bottle. The watermelon and strawberry fruit is pretty and light, and the acids have a peachy tang, but the mouthfeel is not yet quite integrated.
This has sharp, cedary oak dominating the fruit right now. The fruit is good, solid black cherry, but it is not quite big enough to tackle all that new oak, though some bottle time will help. Good, ambitious winemaking. —P.G.
Dominating aromas of clove and baking spices are forced and oak-based, and thus not natural. In the mouth, this lusty, extracted Malbec feels raw and choppy, with rough tannins. Flavors of clove, savory berry fruits and green herbs continue on the finish.
Profoundly beautiful aroma on this Cab, a perfect union of oaky char and vanilla with ripe blackberries and cassis. Hard to exaggerate the beauty. Powerful, yet never pushy, with classic Napa balance. Rich, sweet, almost meaty, with massive tannins that are refined and smooth. Very great density and weight. Really defines the vineyard, and should age effortlessly for 20 years
Very ripe, almost like the berry-cherry filling from a pastry, this Zin also has notes of chocolate and sweet roasted coconut. It's rough and ready in the mouth, with jagged tannins, and needs meats and cheeses to balance it.
Dark pink in color, this wine is marked by a nutty layering of light acidity and orange, Gravenstein apple and cherry flavors. It's delicate yet has enough stuffing and structure to pair with a wide array of dishes.
This is a powerfully structured wine from a 18-acre property on the plateau of Pomerol. Rich Merlot dominates and gives the wine both its alcohol and its intense tannins and juicy red fruits. The wine is dense with the potential for aging over a considerable time. Drink from 2025.
Dry and rustic, with crisp acids, this earthy wine has some fruity flavors.
Dark in color, this is a powerful, classic wine, with dense tannins. It has rich black-fruit flavors, and notes of wood and herb that are packed into its concentrated, dry structure. This is a great Douro for aging.
Deep and juicy Malbec with aromas of violets, blackberry, coconut shavings and mineral. There's also a cedary element to the nose and palate. Otherwise, look for full-force wild berry and cassis flavors and a smooth, clean finish. Nothing awkward or forced; Doña Paula's best Malbec ever. Drink now through 2013.
Slightly closed at first, this Sémillon needs a few minutes in the glass before the aromas become charged. Exotic fruit and pineapple notes appear with citrus and peach accents. The finish is simple and fresh.
Opens with peach, nectarine and cinnamon notes. In the mouth, there are plump melon, apple and banana flavors. Finishes a bit flat and flabby, but still wet enough to remain likable. Short on stuffing but better around the edges. Imported by Vintus.
This wine is quite roasted on the nose, with spice and barebecue aromas dominating any fruit that might want to escape. The palate has a hard, tannic, rubbery outlook and flavors of mint, barbecued meat, baked berry and plum. It remains roasted and savory tasting on the finish.
90-92 Barrel sample. Very ripe but dry and brooding, this shows potential greatness, but is even more of a baby than most en primeur samples. There are dark fruits, but it's all shrouded in mystery.
A big-hearted wine, despite its modest alcohol. This character comes from the bold fruitiness—blackberry and sweet plum flavors—underpinned with acidity and a light touch of tannins. Ready to drink.
The winery calls this unoaked Chardonnay “Homage to Chablis,” presumably because it's a high-acid, low alcohol wine whose main flavors are of minerals, with subtle elements of citrus zest and pear. It's a connoisseurs' wine that requires some understanding to appreciate. Sommeliers will love it, but it's hard to find. Only 120 cases produced.
There's a focused quality to the fruit in this bright Rosso that resembles red candy, bright raspberry and sour cranberry. A softly toasted note of oak spice rounds out the mouthfeel and gives the wine extra depth and texture.
This is Cohn's reserve-style Chardonnay and it's easily their best since the 1990s. Made from two vineyards in the cool Carneros district of Sonoma, it's ripe in pineapple and green apple flavors enhanced with the toast of oak, the creaminess of lees and the buttery softness of malolactic fermentation. Easy to drink with opulent fare such as crab.
Latex, leather and asphalt aromas compete with berry aromas on what amounts to a hard, tough nose. Narrow in the mouth, with tomato-like acidity, this tastes woody and salty, with modest berry flavors.
This coastal Syrah smells reduced and funky, with notes of juniper, blueberry and green herbs. A jammy, saturated palate is more flat and dull than ideal, while flavors of stewed, herbal blue fruits and carob finish minty and green.
Toasty, with a bit of cedar or menthol on the nose; red berries and licorice on the palate. The fruit here is delicate and tart, particularly on the finish, where the flavors are almost lemony.
Pure notes of red apple rise from the glass, promising freshness, tart briskness and mellow fruit. A hint of shortbread conveys body and generosity. All of this comes together on the rounded palate that has the aromatic lift of rosehip tisane. Mellow autolysis gives the central freshness a generous background. Red-berry fruit flashes amidst the red-apple notes with appetizing tartness. This is a rounded but compact package that takes freshness onto a higher, elegant plane, finishing with enticing saltiness. Lovely now, it's sure to develop. Drink 2017–2027.
Despite this wine's considerable sweetness, it features a balanced blend of minerality and fruit. Pear and slate notes mark the nose and palate, finishing soft and round. An easy-drinking kabinett for near-term consumption.
A chocolaty, fragrant wine —74% Merlot, 15% Cab Franc, 6% Malbec, 5% Petit Verdot—with interesting spice highlights throughout the nose and mouth. The fruit is a mix of Bing cherry and strawberry, washed in a lush barrel-induced mix of chocolate, mocha, espresso and clove. Finishes a little hot, with alcohol listed at 14.6%.
Made with organically-farmed fruit, this dark offering has smooth aromas of leather, tobacco, black cherry and blackberry pie. There's a bright point of acidity that renders a lively sensation on the finish.
The winery's best Vista Verde ever. Terrific in crisp acidity and finely meshed tannins that frame ripe, rich flavors of cherry pulp, root beer, anise and oak that finish long and impressively delicious. Complex and compelling now, and will develop in the bottle over the next 6–8 years.
This expression is rich and smooth, with silky tones of melon, Golden Delicious apple and honeysuckle.
Youthful and fresh, this opens with aromas of dark berry, moist underbrush and a whiff of violet. The bright, easygoing palate offers tart cherry, orange zest and a whisper of clove alongside zesty acidity and relaxed tannins.
This is lightly perfumed with green melon, lychee and papaya aromas. The palate is middle of the road in terms of acidity and snap. Flavors of lychee, peach and nectarine are typical of the variety, while the finish is plump and smooth.
Plump but sour cranberry fruit aromas meet with sweet sandalwood, clove and forest floor on the nose of this San Francisco-made bottling from the historic property. Sanguine touches on the palate lead to raspberry, cherry, cinnamon and juniper flavors, ending in a menthol finish.
This Swartland red offers aromas of spice and red cherry/berry aromas, followed by vanilla, cherry and pepper flavors. Soft and smooth, the wine is a good everyday red sip that will pair well with myriad meat and game dishes.
A little harsh in mouthfeel, with some minty green notes that give it the flavor of sweet-and-sour cherry and currant sauce. Needs a cheeseburger to tame it.
This pure expression of Sangiovese delivers aromas of blackberry, plum and cassis, plus accents of spice and tobacco. It is easygoing and crisp, and it would pair well with grilled sausages or pork chops.
This smells familiar and solid, with blackberry, licorice and dark cherry aromas. It feels medium bodied for a high-end Argentine Cabernet, with healthy acidity and probing tannins. The flavors of blackberry and raspberry finish crisp and slightly citric.
Baked red currant and apple notes create a very appetizing nose. Their tart fruitiness mingles beautifully with the shortbread notes on the dry, refreshing palate and makes this almost impossible to put down. The finish is wonderfully clean and refreshing.
Barbaresco Bernardot is a gorgeous wine with full intensity and brightness colored by soft aromas of black cherry, chocolate and softly roasted hazelnut. Let this wine age five more years at a minimum so that those tannins unwind and soften.
Made with a blend of native grapes Ribolla Gialla, Malvasia and Friulano, this opens with scents of mature peach, baked apple, candied citrus zest and aromatic herb. The structured palate offers yellow apple, ripe apricot and toasted almond underscored by a touch of ginger. A mineral note closes the finish.
Big black fruit aromas on this serious, intense and concentrated wine, which is a blend from different Hermitage vineyards. It shows acidity and firm structure, with some leathery character. Great, solid dark fruits, and prominent wood flavors show how this wine has potential - aging for 10 years at least.
The label says it: fermented in barrel. And one sniff delivers the buttery, toasted character of a Burgundy or California Chardonnay. Underneath the oak, there's fine acidity and blazing apple fruit, and once it finishes you get a finely baked aftertaste. An interesting, elevated mix of Treixadura, Godello, Loureira and Albariño.
This is a tannic blend of all five Bordeaux grapes, with an earthy mix of cherry, herb and berry flavors. It's elevated with pretty floral aromatics as well, and a hint of anise in the finish.
This is a big, bold wine, packed with the typical Baga tannins and also with layers of ripe, dark fruit. Black plum skins give texture while the wood aging of this impressive wine brings out toasty notes balanced by juicy acidity. The wine has potential for aging, so drink from 2017.
94—96 Barrel sample. The white wine from Haut-Brion is always one of the stars of the Pessac-Léognan whites, and this great white year is no exception. It's the fruit that leads, and behind this the structure follows. The wood is an essential adjunct to the fruit, a spice and toast touch to the recipe.
Brilliant fruit powers this delightful wine, at such a great price. Aromas of kiwi and lime explode from the glass with herbal, smoky overtones. In the mouth, it's a lusty wine, filled with lime and grapefruit flavors and intense acidity. Scouringly clean and dry.
Oaky flavors of caramel, honey and butterscotch dominate. It's dry and crisp in acidity, with suggestions of limes and mangoes.
Johann's Garden gives consumers a taste of the Henschke mystique at a reasonable price. A blend of 68% Grenache, 17% Mourvèdre and 15% Shiraz, it offers restrained, elegant aromas of cherry and cassis with a lifted hint of mint, then adds richer notes of coffee and chocolate on the palate. It's full-bodied and creamy in texture, with a lush, mouthwatering finish. Drink now–2016.
Starts off with scents of smoke and yellow plums, then folds in flavors of toasted marshmallow and peach on the palate. This is a medium- to full-bodied Chardonnay that manages to be ripe yet cool and reasonably structured at the same time. It should drink well for the next few years.
Good price for a Cabernet of this quality, and one that's been aged for four-plus years. It's soft and mellow and drinkable now, with enjoyable blackberry, currant, licorice, spice and cedar flavors.
Aromatically speaking, this is shaky due to murky earthy berry aromas that suggest peanut butter. In the mouth, this is compact and fairly full. Collapsed berry and plum flavors include notes of gritty earthy spice, while this is blocky and pounding on the finish.
This attractive, light-colored rosé is dry, but its richness, crushed strawberry flavor and textured acidity neatly combine to produce a crisp, yet full, wine. Ready to drink.
You have to look closely at the back label to see that this is sourced from the outstanding Boushey Vineyard in Washington's Yakima Valley. But there is no doubt once you taste the rush of blueberry/blackberry fruit, swathed in smoky meat, bacon fat, dried tobacco and composted earth flavors. Incense aromas weave through, with firm acids holding the wine in focus.
Nice and sweet in honeyed orange flavors, with a hit of spice, and acidity gives this dessert wine a crisp balance. It's not particularly intense or complex, though.
Aromatic and richly fruity, this has surprising weight that gives the palate a round and smooth quality. The acidity is there, although it is covered by the superrich fruit.
This Sangiovese was as usual co-fermented with Syrah (13%), and sourced from a mix of estate vineyards. Smooth and supple, it's a sweetly appealing wine, loaded with strawberry preserves, but also detailed with impressive notes of Italian herbs and a whiff of tomato paste. As befits the variety, the underpinning of natural acidity lifts the finish beautifully, and suggests aging it through 2020.
The lightest and most delicate of Anderson’s trio of bubblies this year, this 100% Chardonnay offers clean aromas of coconut, vanilla, lime peel and toast, and drinks fresh and lively. It’s also very dry, and finishes with a slightly bitter almond-skin note.
This wine is just under half Syrah with the balance near equally split between Mourvèdre and Grenache. Peppery spices and sappy dark-fruit aromas are followed by juicy dark-fruit flavors that persist. It shows a very pretty styling.
From a mix of southern Oregon vineyards, this vintage was harvested at pretty low sugar levels (22.7º brix). It is light, and elegantly designed—definitely a wine for every day drinking. Along with spare berry fruit is a hint of nougat from a tiny percentage of new oak.
Very rich and fruity, with jammy raspberry and cherry flavors that taste almost dessert sweet, this also offers a delicious note of black currant sprinkled with hints of cinnamon and brown sugar. A great barbecue wine. The alcohol is a little high, but that's customary of Dry Creek Zin.
Rocamadour has been one of France's top pilgrimage sites since the Middle Ages but the vines only returned a decade ago. So Lagrézette's director-enologist, Claude Boudamani, went to the rock. The result is a pure Viognier, ripe and impressively rich. Classic apricot flavors come through strongly long with spice from wood aging. The wine pushes forward with its powerful fruitiness and intense flavors. Drink from 2017.
Lusty aromas of baked blackberry, cinnamon and violet are full and welcoming. This blend of Monastrell, Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot is intense and demanding on the palate. Spicy, lightly herbal flavors of blackberry and cassis finish solid and round, with loamy depth. Drink through 2019.
This inky, jammy smelling Toro is overflowing with blackberry and blueberry aromas. In the mouth, grabby tannins rise up with power, creating a rugged mouthfeel. Flavors of blackberry, charred oak, burnt meat and blackened spices finish dark, toasty, peppery and slightly bitter. Talk about a serious Toro with massive flavors and pounding tannins; drink from 2014 through 2019.
Comprised of equal parts sweet, toasty oak, brisk acidity and ripe tropical fruit and citrus flavors, this Chardonnay is successfully made in the popular style. It's creamy and rich, with a vanilla honey sweetness. Easily Ventana's best Chard ever.
Big and densely tannic, this wine's fruit is still firmly buried in the structure. It has wood, spice and ripe plum notes. With its concentrated texture, it is still capable of aging.
Strongly mineral in texture, this structured wine from vines growing in gneiss (dense, schist-like rock) soil needs some time. It has intense acidity and citrus flavors along with a crisp edge and tight aftertaste. Drink from 2016.
Here's a nonvintage Brut that spends 25 months aging on the lees to create a creamy, soft and plush feel in the mouth. The wine's smooth texture is backed by fragrant aromas of yellow fruit and roasted almonds.
Perfumed notes of honeysuckle and rose hit the nose immediately. The palate is similarly scented but also has juicy ripe peach fruit. The richness is countered by subtle orange peel zestiness. This is full of rounded aromatic florals and fruit. The finish is off dry.
The chilly 2011 vintage was kind to Dutton-Goldfield's whites, including this racy, clean offering. This is bone dry and modest in alcohol, with bracing acidity. Orange zest, peach and lemon flavors are marked with a distinctive petrol note.
The Shenandoah Valley in California's Sierra Foothills is definitely showing its propensity for Sangiovese here with longtime producer Amador Foothill Winery doing a nice job on this 2007, a wine with lots of dry, dusty tannins and mountain-grown structure that's still got spice and will pair with Italian-inspired dishes with ease.
Sweet and honeyed, but flat and cloying. Candied melon and citrus flavors run heavy and chunky, and the finish is more of the same. Big, ripe, sticky and sweet but definitely not elevated in class.
Dry and rather raw, with a green, minty sharpness to the berry-cherry flavors. Would benefit from greater fruity concentration.
Easygoing, with apple and citrus on both the nose and palate. Good acidity, upright in the mouth, and quaffable. Topped like a beer bottle; we can see it flowing freely over the course of the summer.
95-97. Barrel sample. This wine is rich with flavors of tropical fruit and citrus, with judicious wood aging and fine concentration.
Showing the depth and nuance that mark great Chardonnay, this benefitted from its chilly location in the Petaluma Gap in this hot vintage. The coolness allowed the grapes to achieve maximally ripe tropical fruit, nectarine and peach flavors, while preserving vital acidity. Extra dry and elegant, it's a Chard that can take up to six years of cellaring without missing a beat.
This wine starts with a spicy nose of tobacco and mocha tinged with a green character. The wine's dry style offers flavors of wooded spice, red berry, tobacco and a slightly lean spin. Spicy and food friendly, but a touch rustic.
This is an attractively fruity wine that has just the right tannic structure, solid berry fruits and good acidity. It's a wine that is developing well and is ready to drink now.
Pretty fragrances and freshness characterize this popular Pinot Grigio with aromas of stone fruit, acacia flower and honeydew melon. It's a simple, easy wine with a thin consistency but those floral aromas help make it stand out in a crowd.
There's some richness in this well-made wine, which is showing peach and tropical fruit flavors, with vanilla and toast accents. Finishes a bit astringent, calling for rich shellfish.
Soft, thin and simple. Other than that, it's not bad, with proper blackberry and spice flavors and smooth tannins. Give it greater concentration, and the score would rise.
This Prosecco comes with a bottle cap closure to seal in green aromas such as garden greens, daisy flower, kiwi and lime. The wine itself even boasts a slight green hue. Refreshing and dry, with a spicy note at the end. Imported by Laird & Company.
Soft and delicious, if a little one-dimensional. No denying the lushness of the pineapple, orange and golden apricot fruit flavors, or the pretty spices. Sémillon adds a cashew nut oiliness. Could use greater dryness and acidity.
The acidity is almost shocking, cutting through the richness of the wine. Its sweet apple and lemon flavors balance the honey and maple syrup notes. The wine is still young, demanding aging over a decade at least. beautifully ripe. Screwcap.
A bit fuller and richer than the regular Chardonnay, with nutty, spicy aromas and flavors of whie peaches and citrus. Long, with a toasty-nutty aftertaste that lingers elegantly on the finish.
At this stage, the wine feels lean, austere and minerally, despite the richness of the vintage. But this black-currant-driven wine is likely to age impressively. And with its dense tannins, it shouldn't be touched for at least four years.
Fermented in a combination of neutral French oak and stainless steel and blended with 2% Sémillon, this lively white sizzles with lemony acidity and a strong streak of grapefruit and lemongrass flavor. With its high acidity and crispness, it has length and zip.
A light rosé color and assertive fruit flavors help this full-bodied wine stand out. It lights up with watermelon and peach notes and has a crisp balance and firm texture from being fermented with the skins, in the same way that red wines are made.
Tamaya seems to have turned the corner with its 2008 Cabs (the reserva is also very good). This wine is condensed and concentrated, with blackberry jam and other sweet berry aromas. The palate is pure and tastes of cassis and black fruit, while the finish has cola notes and a slight tannic bite. Generous for the price. Imported by Ecovalley Quality Wine Group and National Refrescos Import Company, LLC.
Cardomam seed and Indian spice give this wine a sassy and exotic personality. There's also plenty of plush fruit here as well followed by dry notes of crushed mineral at the back.
The winery does its best to make for a complex, Graves-style wine with barrel fermenation and sur lies aging, but a little feline scent goes a long way.
You'll find wild red berry, coconut, leather, dark spice and balsamic notes on the nose of this wine. They infuse the palate, accenting its espresso-like flavor. It's full-bodied, with a backbone of close-grained tannins that give the finish grip. Drink 2019–2027.
For a big, simple style of Pinot Noir, this gets the job done. It's dark and mulled on the nose, with boistrous plum and cherry flavors that darken up and turn peppery on the finish. This emphasizes freshness and size more than finesse.
The grapes come from Atlas Peak, and while the wine is dry, it's very soft, which gives the ultraripe apricots and peaches a syrupy taste. The caramelly oak adds to the feeling of heaviness.
Packed in an extremely heavy bottle, this has aromas of French oak, vanilla and coconut. The firm palate offers dried sour cherry, raisin and oak-driven spice alongside raspy tannins that leave and astringent finish. It lacks the fruit richness needed to stand up to the oak.
Fresh and honest, this unoaked Chard has got a zingy lemon theme that permeates nose, palate and finish. Medium-bodied and crisp, an excellent choice for flounder in a lemon sauce. Drink now.
A fine Marin Pinot Noir, showing the dryness, zesty acidity and rich, deep red fruit that mark this cool, coastal county. Bigtime in raspberries, strawberries and cherries, it's complexed with subtle minerals, mushrooms and Indian spices. So elegant, with 13.5% alcohol, you can give it a chill in the fridge.
This has subdued aromas of baking spice and black-skinned fruit. The smooth, rounded palate delivers clove, black cherry and licorice flavors alongside polished tannins. It's already rather evolved so drink soon.
Clean, pleasant aromas suggest homemade applesauce. This is more fresh and fruity than weighty and yeasty. Slightly bitter, dry lime flavors are offset by sweeter pear and apple notes, while a lemon-lime flavor drives the finish.
Structured and very linear in character, this wine has weight within its solid texture. Spice and acidity feature in as well as red plums and a touch of red currant. It is still very young, needing several years. Drink from 2019.
This simple, refreshing white has a subdued nose while the palate offers delicate flavors suggesting peach, green apple and a hint of citrus. Bright acidity leads to a clean finish.
Notions of tart red berries and lemon claim the nose. The palate is equally bouncy and fresh. This dances on tiptoe across the palate, teasing with its brisk freshness and flirting with its appetizing flavors. Underneath all that sits a more serious, stony core and a well of unending freshness. If you desire brisk berried brightness in your refreshments look no further.
Strong blueberry and black-currant fruit tones meet with concentrated lilacs on this wine's elegantly presented nose. The palate is more tart, with caramelized plum skins, black pepper and lavender elements.
Minty spice and vanilla are the lead aromas on this heavily oaked Merlot. There's also raw wood grain and clove to the nose. Full-bodied in the mouth, with overt creamy notes and then woody, spicy, fruit flavors. The fruit is generic and hidden; the pressing oak just the opposite.
Olsen and Upland vineyards provide the fruit for this wine. It brings aromas of cedar, herb and blueberry that are followed by a sweet luscious palate backed by lightly grainy tannins.
Although d'Arenberg is better known as a source of hearty McLaren Vale red wines, this tautly balanced, wooded Chard leans toward pineapple and lime. Buttered, toasted hazelnuts add a polished, elegant note to the long, citrusy finish.
Nectarine and orange peel are the lead aromas on this everyday, entirely serviceable Cava. A fresh, juicy, citrusy mouthfeel creates a nest for citrus flavors, grapefruit and orange in particular, to do their thing before finishing slightly bitter and pithy. This is made mostly from Trepat grapes.
Unusual, a 7-year-old white from Provence that doesn't show signs of age. Maturity yes, with almonds rather than primary fruits, but this wine is developing like an old Riesling, hinting at petrol, while still preserving some fresh pineapple flavors.
A smoky wine with black currant flavors that bring together spice and fruitiness. The wine has a light touch, licorice and stalky tannins ending with attractive juiciness. It is ready to drink.
Pretty rustic, with a soft, harsh mouthfeel and overripe raisin and chili pepper flavors that finish dry and astringent.
Concentrated and lively, this showcases luscious black cherry fruit that's perfectly framed with zippy acidity and ripe tannins. It's a full-bodied, New World style, but with a complex, layered finish that says Oregon rather than California.
A densely black wine, richly smooth while also laced with concentrated tannin. The wine has power yet still shows a light touch of acidity to go with its black fruits. For long-term aging over the next 5–10 years.
This is an interesting wine that shows the creamy pineapple and vanilla flavors of Chardonnay, yet with rich, more exotic notes of cashew nuts, yellow apricots and marzipan. It's full-bodied and almost sweet, yet complex enough for a fine dinner.
A big wine, round and ripe with luscious flavors of peach, pineapple and citrus fruits, layered into plenty of toasty oak. It's smooth and seductive, and the finish, which tastes like a dessert of toasty hazelnuts and cream, is especially enticing. Just a bit of heat runs through it.
There's a lot going on in this simple Cab-Shiraz. Aromas of earth, cherry and Sweet Tarts pave the way for white pepper, plum and fresh cedar on the palate. Medium-full, with nice balance, the wine finishes with a zippy (but not too hot) black pepper note. An easy mainstream sell.
Santi's pristine Solane Ripasso opens with lively tones of dark berry and cassis, backed by cola, licorice and mesquite smoke. There's a touch of drying mineral as well and the wine is crisp and fresh on the finish.
This is made in a lower alcohol, more elegant style, drier and leaner than some other Pinots, but perhaps more food-friendly and ageable as a result. It shows cherry, cola and herb flavors, richly oaked and balanced with acidity. Try cellaring it for 5–6 years.
Aged in glass demijohns for one year and oak tuns for nine, this is a mature selection that's ready to drink now, though it can certainly keep for many more years to come. A beautiful rancio characteristic leads, with aromas of walnut shell, orange oil and earthy spice fill the bouquet. Skin-driven fruit flavors of cherry and plum dominate the gripping palate, while the complex finish reveals accents of black tea, licorice root and baking spice.
Perfumed, fresh, attractive wine. It feels light in character, the texture open, showing jelly fruit character as well as ripe fruit. There is a perfumed rosehip aftertaste.
Hints of smoke and toast lace the lush tropical fruit aromas on this dry wine. Highlighted by fresh apple and pear flavors with a pretty floral undertone, it finishes with a touch of tart yogurt cream on the palate.
Intense aromas suggest orange blossom, tropical fruit and apricot. The palate offers tropical fruit, nectarine, yellow peach and green apple. Pair with aged cheeses.
There aren't many 2003 wines available today, and this raisin and red fruit flavored wine shows plenty of attractive ripe flavors. Dried fruits dominate, giving the wine a Port-like richness, the tannins now comfortably integrated in the texture.
A super bang for the buck, this is brimming with intense mountain blackberry fruit. It's soft, with supple tannins and a long, cocoa-laced finish. Stock up on this for your next outdoor barbecue.
Mature notes of ripe cherry and dark spice give this wine a dark, brooding personality with loads of intensity. There's a full, generous quality here, emphasized by the wine's inky concentration and firm tannins.
A blend of Sangiovese (53%), Cabernet Sauvignon (35%) and Merlot, this wine is aromatically locked up with notes of wet copper penny, cherry and herbs. The flavors are soft in feel with the oak seemingly dialed back. With time, the aromas and flavors may join together better.
Septima's first crack at making a big wine leaves us intrigued but not thrilled. This is dark, meaty, saturated and most of all heavily oaked. It smells like coconut and veneer, while the rich, bulky palate is packed with resin, vanilla, cinnamon and blackberry. The blend is Malbec, Cabernet Sauvignon and Tannat, and it could stand to be more refined and balanced than it is.
This is a subdued and somewhat neutral expression of Nebbiolo with measured aromas of black fruit, plum, black currant and moist earth. The wine is definitely more lively in the mouth where it picks up points thanks to its firm disposition and lingering flavors of blackberry and smoke.
Gorgeous foam leads this wine, a blend of 60% Pinot Noir and 40% Chardonnay. Golden peach in color with a dry, savory strawberry richness and smooth texture, it is buoyed by solid acidity. Estate-grown, this is a stellar California sparkler, incredibly well-priced and versatile.
This wine's light, rusty color and herbal, dilute nose tell you most of what you need to know about this weakly constituted Monastrell-led blend. Tea, leafy fruit flavors, pepper and rooty flavors are what it's about.
A fun wine, with plenty of plum and berry flavors cloaked in oak, with a hint of earth to add interest. Quaffable for its smooth mouthfeel and moderate tannins, the nose has a hint of sour cherry. A Pinotage,  Cabernet and Merlot blend. Imported by Broadbent Selections, Inc.
If you are of the school that says rosé from Provence is the world's gold standard, then give this excellent newcomer a try. Brief skin contact has created a light color and sense of elegance on the nose and palate. Flavors of cantaloupe and peach are lightly sweet but cut by ample acidity. Drink as soon as possible to capture this wine's fresh essence.
This bears little resemblance to a Spanish Tempranillo. It's high in alcohol, soft and almost sweet in cherries and cola, with an edge of tobacco. Pretty simple going, but a juicy burger will do it justice.
Even though the wine is dry, there are hints of the honey that's typical of the sweeter Jurançon. The honey contrasts with the bone-dry core and white fruit flavors that revel in both acidity and youthful structure. Drink this ripe and fruity wine from 2016.
Voluptuously lush and creamy, this is thick in vanilla swirls and crème brûlée, with full-bodied concentration of baked apple. Rich and round, it finishes in a yeasty tone of brioche.
Beautifully perfumed wine, with fresh red fruits and some fine tannins. The wood element is perhaps too dominant for the weight of the wine. Hopefully this will subside. Give it 3–4 years.
High-toned aromas of cocoa, barrel spice, vanilla and dark fruit lead to plentiful, focused fruit and barrel flavors. The flavors linger on the finish.
This is a young, structured wine that needs some time to develop. It has stalky tannins over black-currant fruits that give the wine both structure and freshness. With its dusty texture and spice flavors from the wood aging, it will be best drunk from 2018.
The wine has ripe Merlot with red-berry fruit flavors and balanced tannins. It's fresh with the acidity of the year. Here it is contrasted with spice, a smooth surface texture and a ripe cherry aftertaste. This is an attractive wine to drink from 2017.
Yeasty, slightly stalky aromas of melon, citrus and peach are simple yet fresh. This feels solid, pulpy and fleshy, but not flabby; flavors of melon, papaya and white grapefruit finish pithy and slightly bitter. Drink immediately.
Simple and earthy, this has aromas suggesting red berry, truffle and forest floor. The lean, diluted palate offers suggestions of cherry and orange zest alongside brisk acidity and frail, loose-knit tannins.
Easy, soapy and foamy, this pretty Moscato d'Asti would pair with dried cookies or almond biscuits. Silky mousse and a floral note characterize the soft finish.
As crisp as possible, this is a light, strawberry fruited wine with balanced acidity and a fresh, delicious aftertaste. Drink now.
Darker and more brooding than many of Newsome-Harlow's other single-vineyard bottlings in the 2011 vintage, the Shake Ridge is mighty in black pepper and dark chocolate, silky and voluptuous with mellowed tannins. Blended with 8% Petite Sirah, the ranch's Zin clones include Monte Rosso.
Sourced from Red Willow, Olsen and Les Collines, this is the finest effort yet from Gramercy Cellars and one of the greatest Syrahs ever produced in Washington state. Think Hermitage with brighter fruit. It's intensely aromatic, dense and seamless, stacked with rich flavors of mixed berries, layers of smoke, earth and herb, and punctuated by citrusy acidity. Highlights of oranges and tangerines sneak into the finish, which lingers for an astonishingly long time. Exceptional in every way.
The second wine of Poeira, this is ripe and fruity, with soft tannins and bright acidity. It still has a young, firm edge although the fruit will allow it to develop well. Drink from 2020.
Sweet in caramelized oak and vanilla, with very rich, ripe tropical fruit and pear flavors, this is a decadent Chard. Fortunately, it has good acidity and is clean and firm on the finish.
Although this Cab is nearly seven years old, it's still hard and tough in tannins, and the tart acidity suggests it will remain unbalanced for the rest of its life. If you can get past the sharpness, it has dry flavors of blackberries, cherries and currants.
Drinks kind of bitter and sharp in acids, with lemony flavors and a richer stream of spicy melon. Very dry finish. Nice with salty tapas.
This is Jaffurs' reserve-style Syrah, the best barrels from various vineyards. It's softly tannic and incredibly complex, with waves of blackberry jam, cassis, chocolate, gingersnap cookie and pepper flavors that are rich and intense. Beautiful and compelling, the wine finishes dry.
You'll get loads of exotic spice here with background notes of scented candle, cinnamon and ground clove. More vanilla and Indian spice follows in the mouth and lingers long in terms of aftertaste. Pair this blend of Sangiovese, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon with smoked ham.
Relatively lightweight, the wine has soft, stalky tannins and flavors of hedgerow fruits to go with the well-judged layer of smoky wood. It is dry, firm and fresh.
From three different parcels in this large Grand Cru vineyard, this wine is dense and concentrated. Powerful tannins will develop into rich fruits with great intensity. This wine, with its weight, needs time. Drink from 2023.
Light, almost delicate wine, offering freshness, green fruits and a fine tangy texture. The citrus is prominent, but the wine as a whole is easy, fresh, developing quickly, touched finally with caramel.
This is an earthy blend of Touriga Nacional, Jaen and Trincadeira. Unencumbered by wood aromas, it's full of structured red berry fruit and balanced acidity and is ready to drink.
This is a fine, mature wine, showing delicious toasty characters, mature fruit and a long, fine line of bubbles. Full-bodied but crisp, it has complex flavors of pears and almonds, plus some minerality. Good as an apéritif wine, but even better with food. Imported by W.J. Deutsch & Sons.
Made from 100% grenache Gris, this soft rosé opens with scents of powder, sweet pea, white cherry, watermelon rind and Anjou pear. The light-weight palate is direct and easygoing, with subtle flavors of cherry and melon flesh that finish abruptly.
91-93 A big, spicy wine that shows pedigree and potential. The fruit is solid and black and sweet, with less acidity to taste than many wines of this year.
A touch of lemon candy brightens this fresh fruity Pinot Gris. It's dry and light bodied in style, offering crisp peach and grapefruit flavors. The finish is pristine but brisk. Drink now through 2019 to enjoy its youthful refreshment.
Stewy berry and melted chocolate aromas are ultra oaky and creamy. A tannic, heavy mouthfeel and borderline overripe flavors of prune, chocolate and tobacco finish raisiny and baked. Drink through 2020.
It's a shame only the equivalent of one barrel of this wine was exported to the U.S., as it means only a handful of people here will get to experience it. It's perhaps the closest thing to great white Burgundy to come from Australia; subtly smoky at first, like grilled white peaches, adding hints of lime and vanilla on the palate. It's plump and slightly creamy in texture, but finishes with crisp, acidic verve. Drink now–2025.
This Silvaner shows more aromatic sophistication than most of its brethren; there's baking spices, white flowers and apples on the nose with a saffron undertone. Crisp and earthy in the mouth, with good palate weight and a short to medium finish of lime peel. Drink up.
This tastes deep, ripe and yet very smooth and drinkable for its full body and firmly tannic texture. Aromas recall cedar, dark plums, blueberry and black cherry plus a whiff of mint, while the flavors are grand, dark and rich. Enjoy it now through 2019.
A hint of dried apricot underscores the ripe apple aromas in this fresh and appealing auslese. It's sweet but not overly so, with apple and melon flavors that are plesantly round without becoming soft.
Damp chaparral, dried blueberry, beef and pencil lead scents show on the nose of this blend of 54% Grenache, 35% Syrah and 11% Mourvèdre. Rounded blueberry and black plum flavors meet loamy soil, anise, thyme and marjoram spice, with a savory touch of smoke.
This is a soft, rounded and fruity wine that is already ready to drink. It has dark berry notes, spicy accents and a strong layer of acidity to keep it fresh. Tannins show through gently, softly, just enough to give the wine structure. Drink now and until 2018.
This opens with characteristic aromas of wild berry, wet earth, white truffle and roasted coffee bean. It feels rich and concentrated in the mouth, but never heavy or sticky.
Gingerbread and graham cracker provide this 100% Cabernet Sauvignon with a distinct warmth of character. Elegant, light and restrained, it opens with a prominent rose aroma. It then offers cherry and raspberry delicacy around subtle French oak and vanilla on the palate, all lingering long though the finish.
Clean, with a proper set of varietal aromatics. There's a bit of body and some cut to this Maipo SB, and also tasty lemon-lime, kiwi and honeydew flavors. Easy to drink; the perfect uncomplicated white wine for chilling and quaffing.
While taut and intensely mineral, there's a core of juicy grapefruit and honeydew flavors that shine brightly throughout this Riesling. Dry in style, it finishes tightly on zesty lime-pith note. Drink now.
Made in a very ripe, intensely concentrated style, this tannic young Cabernet is massive in blackberries, currants and cedar. It's a huge, impressive wine that needs at least 6–8 years in the cellar.
There's a very attractive vitality to this ruby-colored wine, and complexity too, thanks to well-integrated aromas of ripe cherry, blueberry, licorice and tar. This 85-15 Sangiovese and Merlot blend ages 12 months in barrique. In the mouth, it delivers firm tannins and good length on the finish.
Frankly sweet in white sugared-flavors of peaches, Meyer lemons, apricots and tangerines, this is more like a dessert wine than a dry table wine.
Situated on 12 acres in the Pyrénées foothills, Sébastien and Isabelle Bordenave-Coustarret could mimic their wine: still young and will age well. With a dominance of Petit Manseng in the blend, this is a lightly honeyed wine even if it is dry. Mangos and apricots are lifted by such fresh acidity and beautiful orange zest tanginess. Drink from 2019.
Dried lemon peels and a hint of butter-fried apples show on the nose. Strong lemon acidity drives the palate, with a touch of sea salt and stone fruit proving very familiar.
An earthy, Indian-inspired spice rack of scents like star anise, cardamom and cedar surround a black cherry backbone on this single vineyard offering from the Corralitos area south of Santa Cruz, overlooking the Monterey Bay. The nuanced experience continues to the palate, where a core of sour cherry is layered with herbs of thyme and oregano, followed by a minty finish.
Asphalt, crusty leather and herbal berry aromas are the opening on this racy Merlot. Flavors run from herbal, peppery and olive-driven to red-berry fruits. A spicy finish brings enough red-cherry character to make things work.
This Syrah is a fruit bomb. It erupts with blackberry, cherry, currant, mocha, licorice and pepper flavors, yet doesn't have the structure to support all that richness.
Savory aromas and flavors combine with a soft texture in this full-bodied wine. It smells smoky and roasted, tastes like pomegranate and cherry juice and has a streak of acidity but not much tannin.
Overall this Callet-led blend might exceed its more oaked, richer brother known as Son Negre. Àn has a rooty, oak-driven nose with hints of herbs and tobacco, while the palate is dark and tasty, with blackberry, cherry and cured meat flavors. Finishes with pepper and a lash of leftover oak that hopefully will disappear as the wine ages. Drink now through 2012.
Rich, toasty and ripe, this seduces from first sniff to last sip. The balance of fruit and barrel influence is spot on, crafting an elegant yet powerful Chardonnay with flavors of melon, tree fruit, and baking spice.
Named for brand co-founder Janie Master, this wine shows peach ripeness and dried herb sharpness on the nose, along with a slightly sweet reductive funk. The flavors offer lime on nectarine, with a nice tension between perceived sweetness and the sour/bitter side of the grape.
A touch of mushroom and vegetable unripeness runs through this Pinot. It's not entirely unpleasant, but it does interfere with your enjoyment of the fruit. Drink this silky, dry wine now.
This is a very sweet wine. The residual sugar is 18.5%, making honey the dominant taste. But there's also a beautiful pineapple, apricot and peach ripeness, and the acidity is bright and clean. The fermentation was in 100% new French oak, and while there's a vanilla toastiness, the wine doesn't feel oaky. Drink now.
This full-bodied but nicely balanced and dry Zin has cedar and nutmeg aromas that waft over earthy, wild blackberry and cedar flavors. The texture is smooth and slightly tannic, and the finish lingers.
Trisaetum is making some of the most exciting Rieslings in Oregon; now it can add Pinot Noir to its hit list. Estate grown, elegant and showing more than a little new French oak, this toasty wine drinks like a young Chambolle-Musigny. The tannins are sculpted and firm; the fruit ripe and racy with a mélange of red berries and currants. Give this more time in the bottle to absorb the new oak and shed some of the herbal aromas.
Dense almost to the point of chewiness, this is a concentrated blend of Syrah, Carignan and Grenache. Earthy, plummy notes pick up hints of dark chocolate and licorice before ending rich and velvety.
This shows a more serious side to Gamay. Black cherry and plum fruits are sustained by firm tannins and tight, mineral acidity. It needs a few months to develop. Drink from 2015.
Acidity marks this dry wine, a low-cropped block selection from the estate vineyard. The fruit is remarkably concentrated, showing flashy, intense cherries and plenty of smoky oak. But that acidity definitely kicks. Hard to tell if the wine is ageable, but it does need a rich, fatty steak.
Lush and full-bodied layers of velvety texture support firm flavors of baked cherry, pomegranate, pine forest and earth, a vibrant current of acidity bursting beneath. Layers of tannin provide a hearty mouthfeel and sense of density, signaling a robust vintage.
Fresh and very crisp, this is a distinctive, fragrant wine. It has concentration, tight acidity, with apples and minerality. At the end, the wine is more floral, open and ripe. Drink after 2016.
A new bottling from the winery, made from vines grown 2,000 feet up the mountain that were planted only in 2001. It's far too immature to drink now or anytime soon. The tannins are thick and on lockdown, the blackberry, cassis and cherry fruit all primary and not yet integrated with the oak. But these parts are high-quality and need time to mesh and develop. Best after 2010 through 2016 and beyond.
This simple, easygoing red doles out juicy black cherry, fleshy blackberry, vanilla and a confectionary note. It's made to be drunk young so enjoy soon.
Good, mineral and grass, fresh wine, full of herbaceous Sauvignon Blanc and young Sémillon. It's deliciously brushed by wood.
Fruit flavors of pineapple and lemon are pushed forward, followed by a pleasing touch of light butter. The wine was barrel fermented in half new, half used oak. It's a fine spring/summer quaffer.
A tremendous wine, this appeals to the senses as well as the intellect. Dry, tart in acidity and somewhat tannic, it shows complex flavors of raspberry and cherry pie, bacon, cinnamon, white pepper and sandalwood. The finish goes on and on. So delicious now, you can hardly keep from drinking it, but this is a Pinot Noir that will age for 6–8 years, gradually losing primary fruit and gaining interesting mushroom and dried fruit notes.
A blend of 64% Merlot and 27% Cabernet Franc, with splashes of Malbec and Petit Verdot, this is built for the long haul. Raspberries, cherries and rich chocolate run through this fine-tuned, focused wine. It's deep, elegant and penetrating, with a show-stopping layer of pure mineral that is so powerful the fruit seems soaked in rock.
This exuberant wine is rich in tannins and fruit. It has power and a direct in-your-face fruitiness. The structure is soft only because there is so much fruit. In fact, it has a firm core. Juicy blackberries and almost refreshing acidity balance this wine that is now ready to drink.
Here in the maritime climate north of Lisbon, Alfrocheiro works well to produce a rich, smooth and velvet textured wine, with a beautiful layer of acidity over the wood.
An aromatic opening of compost and vinegar might suggest casting this aside. But flavors of strawberry and chocolate, along with an admitted weedy note, amount to something decent. Finishing notes of brown sugar and berry syrup are chocolaty and ensure that this finishes better than it begins.
Light and nutty, this combines a majority of Grenache with Zinfandel, Mourvèdre and Tempranillo. Fermented in stainless steel tanks, it maintains fresh acidity with its lightly ripe strawberry and watermelon fruit.
This wine boasts a lovely, creamy texture and citrusy freshness enhanced by deep concentration. Along with the citrus you'll find apple, pear and melon fruitiness. This is an irresistible summer sipper.
Give this young, fruity wine a few years in the cellar. The flavors are all primary blackberry, blueberry and cherry jam. The tannins and a touch of espresso bitterness might easily help this Zin develop through 2012.
Fleur du Cap's consistently good quality shows again in this classy Chardonnay. Fresh Chardonnay fruit and a touch of minerality on the nose are followed by solid, medium-bodied fruit and spice. The finish is long and luscious. A solid everyday choice.
This is an aromatically ephemeral wine with a quick finish that combines notes of anise, pear and green apple around a smoky core of oak that is unctuous on the palate.
With moderate alcohol, brisk acidity and sturdy tannins, this blend of undisclosed varieties brings to mind something from the south of France. It has herb, blackberry and currant flavors that smack of the summer sun.
For an old-school highlight, look for this lesser known selection-based Reserva, because good grapes from a good year should add up to good wine. And in this case, the wine is better than good; it's ripe, spicy, chocolaty and pushes all the right buttons. A sure thing with the right foods: meats, stews, etc.
Stewy, murky aromas suggest muddy fruit and spent coffee. This feels clumsy and grabby, while the flavor profile is baked and herbal, with not much vitality. Prune notes and residual murk show on the finish.
Chocolate and solid fruit flavors in this exemplary wine. It is rich, the tannins balancing with blackberry fruit flavors. The density of the texture suggests good medium-term aging.
The triple digit price is not a typo. This Chard is rich, ripe, high in alcohol and oaky, in the manner of the most opulent California Chardonnays. It holds concentrated tropical fruit, honey, butterscotch, toasty oak and cream flavors. With good acidity, it is ready to drink now.
From the Sannio area of Campania, this is a thin and easy expression of Aglianico that offers a very frank and upfront interpretation of the grape variety. Aromas include dark berry, tobacco and spice followed by firm tannins at the rear.
Castello di Semivicoli is a thick and succulent expression of Trebbiano that offers impressive intensity and persistency. Aromas here include honey, acacia flower, stone fruit, apricot and mature melon. There's also a touch of roasted almond for extra complexity.
From Mt. Eden and Wente clones grown at 1,700 feet, this under-$30 bottling shows key lime and pomelo pith freshness on the nose, backed by chalk, crushed sea shell and tangerine blossom aromas. There is a fine-grained texture to the tannins on the palate, where bright citrus fruit meets with marcona almond touches. It's simultaneously refreshing and savory.
A Yakima Valley Médoc, this Bordeaux-style blend is quite dry, just barely hinting at Cabernet's inherent earthiness. It finishes with the sort of drying tannins one expects to find in a well-made cru classé.
A study in balance, this wine has dark berry and tobacco aromas that are elegant rather than overly intense. The palate reveals polished tannins and firm fruit flavors.
Candied white-fruit aromas are generic and rudimentary. This feels flat and doesn't show much life on the palate. Flavors of canned pear, oak and related spice finish bland.
Rose, violet, toast, underbrush, menthol and perfumed berry aromas lead the way on this wine. The palate offers dried black cherry, eucalyptus, ground black pepper and dried sage alongside bracing, rather astringent tannins.
This has a jumpy and piquant bouquet, with notes of plum and raspberry. It feels pinched and narrow but lively, with mild berry, cherry and leather flavors. Holds onto that leathery characteristic on what amounts to a slightly bitter tasting finish.
Lightweight but amply wooded, this is an earthy wine tinged with cedar, mocha and campfire smoke. Drink up.
Barrel fermented in neutral oak, this Roussanne/Viognier/Marsanne blend is full and pungent with apricot, peach and cooked pear flavors. The fruit is nicely set off against cinnamon spice; it's a bit like drinking a baked apple tart, without the sugar. There is some kick to the finish.
Created to celebrate the 500th anniversary of the birth of Saint Theresa of Avila, this wine made from a special selection of fruit. Richly structured, it displays great style as well as intensity. Black fruits are beautifully integrated into the ripe body of the wine, backed by acidity and with tannins and wood-aging flavors in the background. Drink from 2018.
This decent, everyday Chard is rather sweet and simple, with sugar-coated flavors of pineapples and oak.
This likable blend of equal parts Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot is rounded and medium bodied. Red currant, cherry and vanilla cola flavors comprise the juicy palate, wrapped lightly in oak.
The nose promises creamy freshness with the telltale passion fruit notes of Sauvignon Blanc wrapped in a rounded, sunny palate which restrains aromas but delivers lime-zest refreshment and a very clean, satisfying finish.
Attractive spicy wine with a lively, lightly spicy character. It is rich without being heavy, showing acidity while also having a smooth texture on the finish.
Even if this full-bodied Cab starts with some eggy, pastry-like aromas, it soon finds its form. The nose brings char and baked black fruit, while the palate is full of creamy blackberry and brown sugar flavors. Rather rich and ripe, with medium tannins and mild acidity. Drink sooner than later.
Tasted in August, this Chard was tart, almost fizzy in acidity, not unpleasant in itself, but unusual. It gave a bubbly note to the peach, pear and pineapple flavors. Drink now.
This dense and complex wine comes from one of the magnificent Grand Cru vineyards in Morey Saint-Denis. It is a powerful wine with its rich, generous fruit and dense tannins. It has everything larger than life: big fruit, big tannins and a big future. Drink this exceptional wine from 2024.
Like your Sauv Blancs with a hint of white sugar? Try this everyday wine. It has a pleasant burst of acidity that makes the citrus fruit flavors finish clean.
Solid and well-rounded, this very tasty wine has lively spice and apple aromas. The juice has nice texture on the tongue, well defined apple and peach flavors, and again the spice, which may be characteristic of the Nonnenberg vineyard. The long, even finish shows the tangy spice elements well. Will drink well for the next five years, maybe more.
This Amarone has a fragrance of blackberry, plum and oak, all of which carry over to the palate alongside notes of black licorice and pepper. You'll also detect a warm midpalate and warmth of alcohol on the close.
A charred, heavily smoked nose shades dark-fruit aromas. This is plump, juicy and solid on the palate, with roasted, toasty, oaky flavors of earthy plum and berry fruits. In addition, this carries a briny, saline quality. A medium-long finish is bold before dissipating.
Given time in both French oak and stainless-steel, this wine combines grapefruit with melon and stone fruit like apricot to offer an unctuous weight on the palate. It finishes dry and balanced with shy acidity.
Lees and new oak seem to prevail in this wine, giving it a yeasty, caramelized taste that overpowers the fruit, which seems just fine in pineapples, peaches and limes.
Wild, edgy and hot on the nose, which breaks up fast. The palate is narrow, sweet and pruney; stewed up on the finish and grapey throughout.
Toasted hazelnut, espresso and eucalyptus aromas lead the nose. The bracing palate is tight and rather closed, but eventually reveals licorice, tart cherry and orange peel alongside grainy tannins. An anisette note closes the warm finish.
Elegance and subtlety are the hallmarks of this medium-bodied, ultrasmooth wine. It pulls all the elements together, from the nervy, red cherry aromas to the moderate raspberry flavors, the great balance of acid and tannins vs. alcohol, and the velvety mouthfeel.
A massive 100% Cab from this veteran producer/grower, from the estate in the Chiles Valley District. Hard to exaggerate the lush, New World, cult-style power. High but balanced alcohol, massive new French oak, and a nuclear core of blackberries and currants. Somehow, it all works. A slam-dunk for aging. Drink now through 2018.
This extremely simple red has aromas recalling dark-skinned fruit and leather. The lean diluted palate shows suggestions of sour cherry, dried plum and a hint of dark spice alongside fleeting tannins.
Smells like a tropical fruit salad, with chunky, flat pineapple in the lead. Diluted melon is the main flavor, with some grapefruit coming on late. Short on texture and depth. Imported by Winesellers Ltd.
Rich and round, this boasts aromas of mature dark-skinned fruit, mocha and a hint of baking spice. Smooth, polished tannins support juicy flavors of black cherry, fleshy plum, cinnamon, vanilla and a hint of chopped herb while a chocolate note closes the finish. It will make fine drinking over the next few years. Enjoy through 2020.
This Cab Franc offers a young, fresh side of the variety, low in tannin but high in vibrant berry flavors. Colored a rich purple, a hint of barbecue adds some character to this pleasant wine. Imported by MHW, Ltd.
This lively Vino Nobile hits all the right chords. The wine is vibrant and fresh but it's sophisticated and complex at the same time. Fruit-forward aromas include succulent cherry, white almond and sweet spice. The structure is firm, smooth but powerful.
A strongly briary old vine Zin from Lodi that's strangely restrained, with a taste of just-ripe blackberries that delves into bacon fat and mocha before falling off a tad at the finish. Decent volume and body on this wine, which is priced fairly and probably fairly easy to find.
One of the appellation's more famous wines, this opens in black licorice and blackberry, alongside a streak of malted chocolate, soft and sinewy, with a tension of acidity that adds age-worthy structure. Dense and interesting now, it'll get better over time, cellaring well through 2027.
Fruity and lightly herbaceous, this has fine textured acidity along with a pink grapefruit flavor. The wine is bright and easy, and it will be ready to drink in a few months.
Lush richness and velvety concentration set this wine apart from most Chianti Classico. The blend includes 15% Merlot (which is a lot) and you can really taste spice, chocolate fudge and black cherry. Determined oak notes reveal themselves in the mouth and add to the wine's overall richness.
The vineyard is on the border of Sonoma Valley and Carneros, and this complex Cab shows signs of warm and cool influences. The fruit is rich in cassis, currant and cocoa, but there's a firm tannin and acid structure that gives balance. It's not an ager, so drink now.
Awkward. Even though the oak is described as “slghtly used,” the wine is dominated by smoky caramel and vanilla aromas and flavors. Underneath are flavors of pineapples, pears and peaches.
Fistfuls of oak, heat and chocolate-covered blackberry form the basis for this hugely ripe, leathery wine that features a sideshow of tannin. Brick and licorice notes fill out the rest of the generously robust package.
This is a huge, extracted Cabernet, potent in blackberry and cherry jam flavors, with plenty of oak influence. It shows the intensity of a Pride red wine as well as the tough mountain tannins. Impressive now for sheer power, and should develop over the next 8–10 years.
With a bright pink color, this shows slightly heavy aromas of watermelon and red apple skins. It is medium to full in body but fresh, with candied red-fruit and citrus flavors. A fresh, properly acidic finish does the job.
King Estate's new high end Domaine wines, organically grown and certified, are off to a great start with this exceptional pinot gris. Stone fruits and citrus peel flavors dominate, layered and textural. The fruit is fleshy but not fat, with pear, papaya and mixed tropical highlights, and a crisp, snappy, clean finish.
Young and still a bit yeasty, with the flavors still integrating. The toasty barrel and bourbon flavors are matched to medium acids and stone fruits. This needs more time in the bottle to show all its strengths.
Stalky and reedy smelling, with a touch of cherry and plum to the bouquet. There's not much to the palate other than mild citrus and red plum fruit, while the finish is little more than zesty. A fresh quaff.
Very fresh and vivacious, this light-bodied wine is refreshing. It smells like lemon, grapefruit and kiwi, tastes bright and tangy like lemonade, but is quite dry. The texture is crisp and vital, and keeps the flavors echoing on the finish.
Saucy aromas of stewed plum and tomato ragu lack clarity. This is midlevel Cabernet, with a light bounce to its step. Generic cherry, cassis and licorice flavors finish with acidic kick but no sense of refinement.
Peach and smoke aromas open this dry bubbly, but these pretty notes are marred by a soapy element. It's fairly dry, with faintly peachy flavors, intense mineral and even slightly medicinal accents.
This accessible Barolo leads with a pretty fragrance of crushed blue flower, wild rose and bright berry. The palate delivers Morello cherry, black raspberry and cinnamon notes alongside fresh acidity and supple tannins.
There's a sweet, candied whiff on the nose, plus a nice gumtree accent. In the mouth, earth and black cherry get a dusting of a Sweet Tart confection, which rides through the finish.
This cuvée, says winemaker Josh Bergström, is crafted to compete with village Burgundies. Principally Temperance Hill fruit, it more than does the job, with great mouthfeel, and a succulent tangy ripe mix of citrus and stone fruits. There's a lick of caramel apple coming through also, and the wine is bursting with bright flavors across the board.
Made in a mild ripasso style, this wine is miserly on the nose and hot on the finish, but what comes in between is very nice. Sweet flavors of brandied cherries, plum and chocolate blend with spice and pepper accents as it rolls forcefully across the palate. As said, it burns late, something that may resolve with bottle age. Drink now through 2011.
Shows the plush ripeness of this vintage, offering a blast of cherry, raspberry, currant, mocha, licorice and smoky cedar flavors. Yet the balance is just fine, with crisp coastal acidity and richly textured tannins. Drink early for its youthful pleasures.
A bit sweet and rugged, with jammy blackberry, currant and pepper spice flavors wrapped into firm tannins. Shows Zin's briary, brambly character.
San Polo offers a very unique interpretation of the 2008 vintage. Rather than focus on bold cherry and leather aromas, this Brunello shows tones of peppermint, chopped herb, cola, ginger and forest berry. The mouthfeel is compact, tight and shows some astringency that will soften with time.
This is basic, full-bodied red juice, richly dense on the palate and buzzing in a current of dried herb and meaty game.
An exceptionally good Pinot, from a winery that frequently gets overlooked, perhaps because they're not charging an arm and a leg. The wine is light and silky in the mouth, with alcohol well under 14%, and marked with crisp acidity and fine-grained tannins. The flavors are classic pomegranates, rhubarbs and black cherries. Should develop over the next 4–6 years. What a great value.
Dark in color, intense in fruit flavor and firmly packed with tannins, this blockbuster Bordeaux-style blend feels massive and grippy. It tastes like cranberry and blackberry, leaving astringency on the palate that will match up to the richest foods. Age a few bottles through 2019 to see how it matures.
Planted in 1974, the Daphne vineyard begins tight and steely, with a peppery herbal character. After extended breathing, it turns softer, more open, pretty and tongue-coating, with pleasing baking spice highlights.
Chunky and oily on the nose, with basic white fruit aromas of peach and apple. The palate is full and balanced, with nectarine, pineapple and lychee flavors. Pithy and citrusy on the finish. Ripe and good in a regular way.
Here is a ripe and straightforward Tuscan red that shows plum aromas of black cherry, blackberry and spice. Leather and tobacco fill in the background and lend a smooth sensation in the mouth.
Pleasant but very basic, with a nose of dry cherry and a palate that's crisp, lean and features flavors of tart plum and cherry. A decidedly crisp and lean style of Rioja, with no richness to speak of save for a hint of butter on the finish. Imported by Classic Wines, Inc.
This is J's best Pinot Gris in years. It's rich and focused, with bright acidity, a clean mouthfeel and complex orange, mango, honey and vanilla flavors.
Lean, spicy aromas set up a smoky, plum-filled palate that's probably a bit too toasty for its own good. The body weight here is moderate, but there's lots of length to the smoke-filled, oak-driven finish.
Complex wine that has both great fruitiness and great structure. It's very ripe, dense and textured, a wine with weight and a feeling of warmth. Brûlés means burnt because the vineyard has great exposure to the sun and that gives a powerful and concentrated wine. Age for 5–6 years.
A wonderfully aromatic note of tangerine and orange peel appears first. The palate continues with the purity of ripe aromatic citrus flavors: there is zest and freshness on a slender, lively and bundled body that delivers a blast of tangy ripe citrus. The finish is clean, just off dry and almost addictive—you just have to take another sip.
A blend of Pinot Gris and Gewürztraminer, it's vibrantly aromatic with notes of spice, white grapefruit, and lychee. The concrete tank aging provides a sense of freshness while Celilo Vineyard's electric acidity beautifully balances out the residual sugar (16.3 g/L).
An almost black-colored wine, this Petit Verdot is unusual for the region. It succeeds well, a juicy wine full of dusty tannins, tight black fruits and a core of dark plum flavors.
Mulchy, ashy and green up front, this is a tough one from the start. Crisp, raw, hard and rough in the mouth, with leafy flavors of green herbs and olive, this is varietal to an extreme, with finishing notes of carob and green-leaning red fruits.
This 100% Sangiovese shows aromas of stewed prune, menthol, star anise and a whiff of coconut. The evolved palate shows raisin, dried black cherry and sweet vanilla. Wood tannins leave a somewhat astringent close.
A soft and even presentation, this bottling shows lush if slightly sour blackberry jam, dark chocolate, coconut shavings and vanilla on the nose. It's a very safe and down-the-middle Cab on the sip, with dark red fruit, nutmeg and vanilla framed by structural and slightly chewy tannins.
From an estate just northwest of the already rather western Sta. Rita Hills appellation, this mashes up raspberry, oak tree roots, black tea and vanilla on the nose. The flavors are crisp and clean with red fruit, brown spice and just enough tannins and acidity.
Tasted at the infancy of what will undoubtedly be a long and generous lifespan, Gaja's 2006 Barbaresco shows enormous promise and potential. The wine is elegant, rigidly linear and pristine, with well-defined notes of ripe berry fruit and soft spice. It's an amazing achievement that tastes compact and opulent at the same time. Drink after 2015.
Holding 42% Mourvèdre, 31% Cinsault and 27% Grenache, this full-bodied wine has aromas of peppery spices, herbs and jammy red and black fruit. Flavors are sweet and ripe, with restrained oak.
A transparent, translucent Chardonnay whose pure fruit and minerals star. It's unoaked and did not undergo the malolactic fermentation. Shows delicate but complex layers of lime, orange blossom, Asian pear and  lychee, framed in crisp acidity and finishing long and spicy.
Floral wine, enticingly perfumed. It is dry, nutty, layered with acidity. White fruits and pineapple go with the intense lime. Worth aging for at least a year, maybe more.
Chalone continues with its own style, which is not as ripely hedonistic as most other high-end Pinots. But this is the best since 1997. Notable for its balance and harmony, the wine attains great equilibrium of acidity, tannins, oak and cherry fruit. Start drinking this elegant wine in 2008.
A mix of 44% Marsanne, 28% Roussanne and 28% Viognier this white blend smells like spring, with wildflowers, almond and wet stone with a touch of honey figuring prominently at different times. The wine's lemon minerality hits a high note on the finish. Drink alone or with fresh goat cheeses.
Wilting apricot and nectarine aromas are pithy and lead to a dying palate. Flavors of citrus rind and papaya show some acidic kick, while the finish is tropical in flavor and fading. Wait for the 2013.
Crisp and fine in coastal acidity, with bright flavors of pineapples, ripe pears and green apples, this would be a good Chardonnay, except for one thing. It's too sweet.
This wine is a new addition to the lineup. It opens with aromas of herbs, dark chocolate, barrel spices and dark fruit followed by a fresh lively palate loaded with dark-fruit flavors, fresh acidity and fine grained tannins, with the finish lingering.
An element of menthol-cinnamon chewing gum shows on the nose of this wine, grown at high elevations above the Sonoma Valley. High-pitched acidity buoys velvety red fruit, with a clay-like flavor and texture to the tannins.
Staete Landt's Marlborough Pinot Noir stands out for its leather, cedar and spice notes. Cinnamon, clove and vanilla accent modest cherry fruit in this medium-bodied offering, ending with more cedar and vanilla.
This wine is a blend of Monette's Vineyard Grenache and River Rock Syrah (15%). The volatiles are amped up, along with aromas of raspberries and herb. The flavors are full and liquorous, showing a fair amount of heat.
A funky smoky notion of yeast clings to the nose on which a pure lemon streak becomes apparent. A generous, luscious and almost creamy sweetness then conquers the palate, boosting all of the fruit flavors, wrapping them in its creamy mellow embrace. The pure lemon streak counters and brightens the richness and around the edges there is grapefruit spice. This is all rather beguiling but not overdone. The finish is moreish, medium sweet and long.
Fragrant white flower, orchard fruit and a touch of flint lead the nose. The linear, lively palate shows mature apple, nectarine zest and mineral alongside vibrant acidity. The flavors follow through to the tangy finish.
A little charred and hard on the nose, with licorice, pepper, mint and coffee aromas. The palate is perfectly balanced and quite generous, with massive blackberry and chocolate flavors. Spicy and long on the finish, with mocha notes. Definitely a ripe, big-boned wine.
Heavily wood aged, this wine is tough and dry, with aggressive toast flavors. The concentration is there but is not from fruit.
Lots of sweet fruit in this Zin. Floods the mouth with red, blue and black berries, sprinkled with dusty Indian spices and finished with a dash of cocoa. Nice tannins give it a fine structure.
Soft and vegetal, it has steamed asparagus, mushroom and cherry cola flavors.
A real value at this price, considering its rich array of tropical fruit and creamy texture. Finishes with a swirl of spicy vanilla.
A classic sparkling blend, this fresh offering shows a dry, steely side that is enhanced by a citrus aroma and a dusty mineral tone. There's a sharp firmness to the perlage as well.
Compared to those fat, rich Chards that are hard to pair with food, this one's Chablisian. It's tart in acids and tangy in minerals and stones, with a richly controlled taste that's part apple-citrus fruit and part oak.
With an unusually bright gold color, pineapple and honey aromas, and lively lemon and grapefruit flavors, this wine shows a lot of personality. The effect is refreshing and fruity, but not wimpy. It should pair well with lots of different salads, appetizers and seafood.
There's a hard, minerally edge to this Chardonnay, like the tang of cold metal, an impression that's heightened by its citrusy acids. The flavor veers toward Meyer lemon, while toasted oak brings needed vanilla and honey richness. It's controlled and tight, compared to more opulent bottlings, but it's also elegant and complex. Mount Eden's Chardonnays have a history of aging, and this fine one will go for 10 years or so, gradually losing fruit.
This is a blocky, big Rioja, with coffee, earth and slightly stewed aromas that suggest warmth and ripeness. A deep, saturated palate is round and a touch jagged, while fig, prune and baked berry flavors finish earthy, slightly pruny and round. Drink this ripe wine now through 2017.
Lively acidity keeps the mouthfeel tight in this wine, which has stony cherry and chocolate aromas. Cherry-esque fruit and dark berries danceon the tongue, matched and mineral. Finishes with tar and pain grille. Imported by 57 Main Street Wine Co.
Smells and tastes like inexpensive Port, with caramelized wood, baked cherry and sugared black currant jam notes.
Inky black cherries and plums add lushness to this tight, taut Petit Verdot. Crisp and medium-bodied in style, it's elegantly framed by a fringe of firm, velvety tannins. Drink now through 2020.
Very tight nose, with blackberry, coffee and cocoa notes, this is a big wine that shows great intensity and depth. Quite closed now, the dark profile keeps its cards close to the vest. One thing for sure: this is definitely one for the   cellar. The finish is lengthy, with brisk tannins as well as espresso and bitter-chocolate notes. Hold for eight to ten years; this wine should keep til 2020.
The idea behind the delayed release of the Steingarten Riesling is that the wine needs time to show its best. This is a broad-shouldered, muscular Riesling even five years after the vintage, showing off smoky, dieselly notes to go with hints of honey and citrus. Spicy and minerally on the finish. Imported by Pernod Ricard USA.
Somewhat severe with a stalky fruit character that shows tannins as much as black currant fruits. Spice and a hard edge suggest a wine that is never going to be ripe.
It's pricey for a Margaret River Sauv-Sem blend, but the pedigree of the wine shows in its refined crispness and tight, citrusy finish. On the palate, fig and melon flavors are tinged with a mixture of graphite and cedar. Drink now–2015, possibly longer.
A wine that delivers a ripe, toasted expression, with flavors of blackberry, plum, hazelnut and savory spice. It delivers a smooth, thick feeling on the finish.
This charming Chardonnay-based white (with 10% Viognier) from Tuscany offers both strength and elegance. It sees three months of oak for softness and smoothness but also has pretty floral aromas that fill in the edges. Drink it with pasta or risotto.
Yogev (“tiller of the soil” in Hebrew) is a 50-50 blend of Cabernet and Shiraz. Bright and spicy with a medium mouthfeel and soft tannins, the wine is loaded with jammy red fruit flavors of tart raspberry and strawberry. Ends on a medium to long finish with good intensity.
A heady fragrance of wisteria, hawthorn and white peach aromas lead the way. The rich, creamy, palate doles out yellow apple, juicy pear and candied nectarine zest alongside crisp acidity and a foamy perlage.
Earthier and dustier than the drier versions of Riesling in this series, this sweet-style wine permeates with notes of crushed rocks and bramble. Soft yielding acidity and slightly sugary sweetness linger on the finish.
This fragrant and fruity wine is crisp and fresh. It has a perfumed character, soft apple acidity and a crisp texture. It's a wine for apéritifs that's light and ready to drink now. Screwcap.
A stewy nose includes notes of mashed leaves, herbal berry fruits, prune and black tea. The palate on this Merlot-Cab Sauvignon blend is heavily extracted and jammy, with hard-pounding tannins. A fully oaked set of black-fruit flavors moves towards prune, raisin and chocolate on the finish.
Very strong and concentrated, with intense Key lime pie flavors, brightened with a squeeze of lemony acidity. Oak adds complex notes of buttered toast and vanilla. This powerful young Chardonnay will hold in the bottle for up to six years.
This is a gorgeous expression of Barbera with deeply sophisticated notes of exotic spice, smoke and toast that follow bursting notes of ripe fruit and blackberry. At first the wine feels soft and velvety on the palate and then that telltale acidity kicks in at the end.
This was Chapoutier's initial microcuvée of Hermitage, bottled for the first time in 1989. The 2004 version is smoky and gamy, accented by pepper and a hint of rhubarb, but lush red fruit flavors take over on the palate, gliding easily across in a creamy mass that turns chewy on the finish. Drink 2010–2020.
Aromas of violet and red currant waft from the glass. The fresh, juicy palate delivers wild cherry, strawberry and an herbal note alongside bright acidity and soft tannins. It finishes with an almond accent.
Named after the medieval rulers of the village, this cru wine is firm and structured in the solid style of the appellation. It has rich black cherry and black-plum fruits that come with juicy acidity. At the same time, the tannins and the dry core promise considerable aging. Drink from 2019.
Floral and almond aromas lead to rich, ripe fruit flavors and spicy, floral accents on the palate. This unique wine is dry and full bodied despite its low alcohol due to an attractively viscous texture that rounds it out and carries the finish.
It's somewhat odd to find a reserve-level Pinot Noir done entirely in neutral oak, but here it is. Pretty cherry fruit comes wrapped in tart acids. The tannins are light and suggest drinking this now rather than aging it further.
Talk about a composed wine; this opens with pure, subtle scents of raspberry, cherry and licorice. Next up is a young but clean palate housing choppy, bright acidity. Wild berry, herb and carob flavors finish with breadth and grab; drink this varietal Monastrell through 2020.
This is a blend of the three of the producer's single-vineyards, 42% from Atoosa, 29% Samantha and 29% Moaveni. The whole is greater than its parts in its complementary marriage of floral violet and lavender with black pepper and meat, the texture soft and plush.
Quite viscous, with creamy peach, melon and pear flavors at its core. An odd mineral note sticks out, though, while the finish could use a touch more acidity.
This ripe wine offers great balance between the rich, structured Pinot Noir and the mineral Chardonnay. From a very fine vintage, it reveals intense flavors, layers of ripe apple and a taut texture that promises further aging. The wine can be drunk now, but it will be so much better from 2018.
Soft and luscious, with a sweet peppermint patty taste firming up the blackberries, currants, pepper and cedar flavors. Shows real discernment and class. Drink in the next five years.
Here is an affordably priced Oregon Pinot that nonetheless spent 15 months in French oak, 20% new. This brings sappy varietal fruit flavors of cherry and raspberry, with a lick of caramel, presumably from the barrel aging. A great choice for near-term drinking.
Loads of honey and yellow rose aromas open the bouquet. There's a touch of sweetness that recalls candied fruit and honeydew.
Oily and buttery, the green-apple fruit blends in some peach and pear notes along with plenty of mentholly French oak. Finishes long, with echoes of smoke and toast.
Exotic and assertive, this red blend from Greece shows red berry and brambly fruit as well as a wave of spice. It's slightly sharp and smoky though, making it a tough one to sip on its own. Pair with food to soften the edges.
Thanks to its tannins and natural richness, this would pair well with chocolate or dark fruit. It shows a savory, spicy side, with aromas of dark earth, button mushroom, prune and blackberry.
An intriguing wine, that offers ripe sweetness followed by an edgy rustic acidity. Is this a stage in its evolution? Probably, because the tannins promise aging and the intensely aromatic nature of the fruit points to a potentially fine wine. Just don't drink it yet.
Yeasty notes of white pepper and herbal savoriness create a fine-boned, nuanced picture on a slender and light body with great freshness. This is pure and elegant.
A classic modern wine with plenty of vanilla, almond and baked apple on the rich, nutty bouquet. Flavors of peach, toasted nuts and bread are stylish and elegant, while a beam of acidity keeps it perfectly balanced. A great little find from Argentina.
Sugary sweet and simple, with watermelon and watery raspberry jam flavors.
An attractively soft and fruity wine, flavored with red cherries and given a lift with acidity. It's a simple, lightly structured wine that can be drunk now.
This combines 73% Grenache, 16% Syrah and 11% Mourvèdre from Stone Tree, Arianses, Ciel du Cheval and Heart of the Hill vineyards. Its vanilla, pencil box, green herb, raspberry and purple fruit aromas are followed by quite sweet, ripe, full-bodied red and black fruit flavors. The balance seems off.
There's a dessert wine sweetness to this wine that may be due to extremely high alcohol, to residual sugar, or both. Either way, it's not really a table wine, despite delicious flavors of blackberry and cherry jam and caramelized oak. Better as a late night sipper, or with a chocolate pastry.
A rich and fruity wine with a dusty structure that allows the blackberry jelly flavors to show through. It has a stalky black currant edge that goes with the contrasting acidity. Drink over the next five years.
Ed Sbragia is making some of the most interesting single-vineyard Cabernets in California. This one, from Howell Mountain, shows the density and power that typify all his wines. Although it's thoroughly dry, it tastes almost sweet in grilled blackberry marmalade flavors, balanced with good acidity and wonderfully fine tannins. Feels like it has the capacity to age for decades.
Elvio Cogno is a winery to watch closely in the future. These are exciting wines, loaded with charm and personality. The 2005 Ravera cru expression is tightly packed with fragrant fruit, floral and spice aromas and the mouthfeel is smooth, silky and long. Drink after 2015.
Redbank is the Hill-Smith (of Yalumba) family's Victorian brand. The Long Paddock is a range of wines produced largely from purchased fruit, but this is a nicely balanced, easy-to-drink wine. Predominant notes are of mocha, mixed berry and vanilla, while the tannins are supple and the finish elegant and fruit-driven. Nice for drinking now and for the next couple of years.
This ripe Carmenère has attractive coconut, blueberry and marzipan aromas. Meaty and showing good grip on the palate, the wine features herb and spice flavors resting heavily atop notes of black fruit and clove. It's spicy and quite long on the finish, with coffee, pepper and herb notes.
Ripe berry, clove, espresso and menthol aromas lead the nose on this hearty wine. The dense, concentrated palate delivers dried cherry, steeped plum, coffee, vanilla, licorice and toasted oak alongside bracing tannins. The heat of evident alcohol throws this wine off balance.
This Cabernet is not too loud, herbal or funky on the nose, but it does smell a touch rubbery, with cherry and cassis notes. A firm palate with strong acidity creates sizzle, while savory, saucy plum flavors finish with notes of brine and tomato.
A complex, ageworthy wine that combines contradictions but somehow is complete and wholesome. The cool vintage shows up in the form of green olives and sweet green peas, a taste that's unusual for Oakville but one that works well alongside the more traditional black currants and sweet oak. The tannins are pure Oakville, rich, ripe and dramatically layered. Beautiful in every respect, this 100% Cab will reward cellaring. Begin popping the cork in 2018.
A fresh, ripe style of wine, with spice and roundness. It has crisp citrus flavors to give it a lively aftertaste.
From vineyards to the west of Sancerre in the Loire, Sancerrois Alexandre Mellot has produced a classically fresh, simple, very drinkable wine, showing great awareness of the apple and green pear character of Sauvignon Blanc. Drink this year.
This is the first Tempranillo from Animale, and it's a soft, supple wine with a pleasing mix of red berries and light tanned leather. It's well made, balanced and interesting, with hints of rose petals and dried leaves.
Funky aromas bring to mind wet fur, damp earth and a hint of barnyard. The palate offers sour cherry accented with notes of coffee bean and espresso. The fruit is dry and fading, leaving astringent tannins to dominate the palate.
Aromas of cedar and mocha lead into a medium-bodied wine with a creamy, plush mouthfeel and flavors of tart cherries and tobacco. Cedar accents the softly tannic finish. Ready to drink now.
Leathery, baked aromas of earthy berry fruits and coffee grinds take time to unwind. This feels solid and tight due to potent acidity, while the flavors lean in the direction of stewed prune and berry. On the finish, flavors of chocolate, cherry and cassis are integrated.
Rich and smooth, this is a good example of the sumptuous 2009 vintage. It is soft, ripe with blackberry and red plum fruits. It is already developing well. It's a medium-term wine, already juicy and drinkable.
Aromatic green pear with hints of peardrop dominates the nose and the palate is cushioned, despite the lively acidity. Plenty of verve and fruit in one compact package.
Extremely floral on the nose and well structured in the mouth, this pretty white wine from Sardinia offers aromas of yellow rose, vanilla bean and almond paste. There's enough density here to pair with pistachio-encrusted sole or sea bream.
Smooth and spicy, this is a soft style of Malbec. It has tannins, to be sure, but they are suavely integrated into the berry fruits, the touch of mint and the spice from wood aging. The aftertaste brings out refreshing layers of juicy acidity. Drink now.
Plenty of fruit, right in your face with its very fresh character, sweetness, flavors of loganberries and a touch of spice.
Made from organic grapes, Yorkville's light-bodied Merlot is dry and herbal, with cedar in spades rounded out by elegant plum and chocolate softness. This vintage has 10% Cabernet Sauvignon as well, and would match well with lighter meats, like chicken.
Aromas of apple, citrus, hay and a whiff of medicinal herb carry over to rather lean palate along with a note of bitter almond. Racy acidity gives it a brisk finish.
If this were a Burgundy, it would be a villages-style wine. It is rich in fruit, spice and mineral flavors that are housed in a lightly silky texture. With a lovely typicity of its appellation, it's meant for drinking now.
This straw-colored wine has delightful aromas of white jasmine, cotton candy and violets. Flavors recall guava, mango and papaya. Medium bodied and well balanced, it has a clean, crisp finish.
This doesn't disappoint. It's a Cabernet-based blend, with Merlot and Syrah. The '03 is lushly soft but dry and rich, with ripe, velvety tannins framing intense blackberry, coffee, tobacco and spice flavors. Should hit its stride by the end of 2007, and glide down for a couple of years after.
Initially shy and brooding, it eventually reveals a potpourri of aromas, including forest floor, graphite, wild berry, mint, rose and a balsamic note. The palate delivers layers of ripe red cherry, black raspberry, tobacco, ground pepper, menthol and cinnamon alongside youthfully assertive but ripe tannins. Drink 2019–2031.
An impressive wine, with spice, intense ripe black berry fruits and a solid core of tannins. It has power without being overwhelming, densely textured and ready to age for several years.
Dusty chalk and herbaceous green notes lend a savoriness to this dry, refreshing Riesling. It's an elegant, yet easy-drinking wine, with tart green apple flavors. Finishes on a slightly richer note, with hints of candlewax and white flowers.
The simplest, most accessible wine in the impressive Sattlerhod range is this light, fresh, floral and herbaceous Sauvignon Blanc. With its crisp citrus and green apple, it just bursts with easy fruitiness. Screw cap.
Sour apple and fennel characterize this wine upon entry. These follow through on the nose and palate around a concentrated core of golden honey and lemony acidity.
This spicy wine with its aromatic character is fruity while also having some structure. The 90% Malbec/10% Merlot blend has a dry core, juicy red currant fruits and considerable acidity. With only a minimum of wood aging, it is ready to drink.
Based in the village of Lancié in the heart of the Beaujolais crus, this producer has made a ripe wine that is full of black-cherry fruits and balanced tannins. It is concentrated and ripe, perfumed with a fresh, crisp aftertaste.
This late harvest wine from Hungary is comprised of Furmint, Hárslevelu and Muscat. It has aromas of acacia flower and pear, with flavors of apricot, pear juice and dried rosemary. The finish is pleasantly sweet without being too cloying.
Perfectly ready to drink, this full-bodied red, a blend of Aragonez, Trincadeira, Alfrocheiro and Castelão, is rich and spicy, packed with baked plum and layered with tannins. It tastes concentrated and solidly ripe.
Dijon clone again. This has just the vaguest hint of onion, but otherwise is much improved over this property's '99. There is good, juicy, crisp fruit mixing apple/apricot and light citrus. Balanced acids and a well integrated middle that leads into a somewhat hot, stiff finish. Young and edgy, but well made.
The name comes from the Josephine/Mariposa Complex soils, gravelly loam vineyard underlain with crumbly yellow slate. This is a finely tuned blend of 72% Grenache Noir and 28% Mourvèdre. The aromas are heady in rhubarb compote and wild raspberry with a candied, perfumed character. In taste, it's more bright red fruit with an underlayer of herb and stony minerality. Medium in body, the wine delivers substantial length and depth.
This delicious blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Petit Verdot opens with an intense, brooding fragrance of dark fruit, spice and leather. The palate delivers a concentrated black-cherry flavor that's framed by big, chewy tannins and  punctuated by spicy accents of white and black pepper, licorice and pipe. Drink 2015–2024.
Light in oak and mid-weight all in all, this Chardonnay from a cooler sub-section of the Napa Valley is replete with baked apple veering into dried fruit character and a touch of vanilla.
This wine is three-quarters Grenache with the balance Syrah (15%) and Mourvèdre. Quite light aromas of raspberries, wood spice, herbs and spice are followed by strikingly pure, creamy-feeling red-fruit flavors that persist on the finish. One wants more aromatic generosity but the palate's appeal is hard to ignore.
This blend, dominated by Sémillon and Sauvignon Gris, gives a rich, perfumed and ripe-tasting wine. Acidity balances its full apricot and pear fruit flavors. With its creamy texture, it's ready to drink.
Smoky, oaky aromas and flavors make a big impact as this medium-bodied wine floods the mouth with ripe fruit, black pepper and grilled meat flavors. But it keeps its composure, not pouring on too much alcohol or tannin.
Yeasty, sweet and easy on the nose, with apple, vanilla and pear aromas. The palate has a nice feel and flavors of citrus, spiced meats and baked apple. For basic cava this is focused and forward, with lively acidity and good overall balance.
This wine, which is 100% varietal, is a blend of fruit from Art Den Hoed and Gunkel vineyards. Aromas of cranberry, clove and fresh flowers are followed by coffee and floral flavors that show elegance and persistence.
Like most Pinots from this Monterey appellation, this is a big wine, the kind that garners high scores from critics for its Rubensesque stature. It's probably ageworthy, given the depth of raspberry and cassis and rich tannins, but it's a little thick and heavy now. Give it 5 years.
This pale pink rosé is light in body and lacking much texture. Delicate melon aromas and flavors are pleasant, but marked by persistent notes of struck match.
Heady, oaky, pushy aromas of green-leaning red-berry fruits and coffee grinds are earthy and strong. This is concentrated in the mouth, and also pasty and resiny in feel. Flavors of lactic oak, cardamom and blackberry finish with vanilla sweetness and a lasting wave of wood.
Impressive from start to the very long finish, and even better than the splendid '06. Rich and full-bodied, this Bordeaux blend is marked by soft, sweet tannins and concentrated, oak-infused flavors of blackberries, black currants and chocolate, with complexing notes of olives and smoked meats. Should develop for up to a decade.
Caldwell managed to wrest plenty of blackberry and cherry fruit into this Cabernet Sauvignon-based blend, even though the vintage was a tough one. The wine, aged in 80% new French oak, is elaborate and opulent, but the tannins are strong, giving the palate a lockdown astringency. It should age well though and your window of drinking begins in 2019.
This wine captures the enigma that is Uruguayan Tannat. The nose is ripe, the color bold and purple. From that, you'd expect a lot. But the palate is wanting; the fruit is snappy and borderline tart. It just doesn't seem fully ripe. And the wine turns horsey and tannic as it airs.
Roasted, barnyard, leathery aromas of lemony oak and tomato are far from ideal. This has a scratchy, tartaric feel to it, while herbal raspberry flavors are backed by a mulchy aftertaste. It's stewed on the finish and weedy.
Stiff and tannic, this dark and steely Syrah is scented with loam, lead pencil and blackberries. The blackberry fruit is matched, but not over-matched, with darker notes of tar, coffee and bitter chocolate. Tannins are a little rugged, but not overbearing, and carry a hint of green coffee.
Celebrating the Roman name, Munda, for the Mondego River, this wood-aged wine is also a celebration of the great white grape of the Dão, Encruzado. It is rich, smooth and ripe, with a fine mix of tropical, yellow and crisp citrus fruits all finely integrated into the mineral texture. The wine needs to age a little longer, so drink from 2017.
Angialis is superripe, thick and sweet. It shows thick syrupy concentration and glides smoothly over the palate thanks to the high glycerine content. It would probably pair better with aged cheese or pecorino than with dessert.
Red and jammy, with a lot of sweet raspberry on the bouquet. Not much meat or darkness here; instead it's overtly bright on the palate, where pie cherry, cranberry and apple skins reign. Simple in its singular focus on red fruit. Could be perfect for those who don't want to taste a lot of oak. A Marc de Grazia Selection, various importers.
Alluring scents of wild berry, moist earth, truffle and grilled herb unfold in the glass. The vibrant, light-bodied palate offers juicy red cherry, chopped mint and star anise alongside lithe, polished tannins and bright acidity.
One of the few wines from this cooler Sonoma appellation in our tasting, and a nice one indeed. The aromas differ from the norm; there's spearmint, licorice gumdrops, herbs and tobacco. Nice and distinctive at all points: clean raspberry fruit, dusty tannins on the finish, and a peppery streak. A few years will bring it together even more.
Firm, dry tannins behind this wine give a hard edge that will need time. The wine is powered by its structure, solid and only just fruity. Wait until at least 2017 to allow more fruitiness to come through, although the wine will likely always be tough.
Made from Tempranillo and Syrah grapes from Stagecoach Vineyard, this inaugural release is unctuous yet light. Six months of aging in mostly French oak has added complexity and a touch of weight. Its orange and peach flavors are juicy and substantial.
You can taste the California sun in every sip of this gorgeous Pinot Noir. It brims with luscious raspberries and cherries accented by brisk acidity and a hint of sweet, smoky oak. It's terrifically complex, with notes of mushroom, orange zest, cola, rosehip tea and persimmon. Dry and elegant, with a wonderful mouthfeel, it's gorgeous now, but will gain earthy complexity over the next 15 years.
Well-integrated oak, deliciously ripe fruit flavors and an absolutely luscious texture make a great combination for this very full-bodied wine. The entry is smooth and light, then the flavors of ripe plum and boysenberry build on the palate, very mouth filling and rich, before lingering on a long finish.
Lifted notes of wild, aromatic raspberry hover above a far earthier base of chestnut. But this wine is mutable: sniffed at another moment its red cherry and peony petal flavors come to the fore. The palate is light bodied and has a firm acidic backbone, destining it for the table. There are mystical edges of woodsmoke and pepper but what remains and lingers is pure cherry and raspberry fruit.
Aromas of clay, lime zest and faint white flowers show on the very reserved and restrained nose. The palate is also shy, with light pear juice, slightly sour lemon curd and a slight gravel component.
A nice, easy to like bubbly that shows why Korbel dominates the market at this price. It's dry and rich in citrus, vanilla, yeasty dough and charred, smoky flavors. Easy to find, with 20,000 cases produced.
Jammy, creamy, oaky aromas of vanilla and raspberry come with a strong hint of rubber and wet dog. This is oaky and only moderately well balanced, with flavors of cough medicine, raw oak, plum and raspberry. A sticky, oaky residual feel drives the finish.
A soft wine, with diluted berry and cherry flavors.
The Santar estate is in the heart of the Dão region. This wine, with its blend of ripe local grapes, is structured with blackberry fruit over firm but ripe tannins. It is a powerful wine, rich and generous. Acidity at the end and the tannins suggest further aging, so wait until 2017.
Tart and tangy in orange and lime, this wine conveys an undeniable freshness that one won't soon forget, with a bright, focused acidity at its core. Mouthwateringly succulent in lemon custard and brioche as it develops and lengthens in the glass, it offers the best of vibrancy and voluptuousness.
Somewhat unstructured and overripe, this wine doesn't display much fruit, but has plenty of oak, particularly on the finish.
Good Chardonnay, rich and ripe and steely. That metallic thing shows up both in the crisp acidity and in the stony, pebbly tang that adds a piquant freshness to the pineapple, lime tart, tangerine and smoky custard-cream flavors.
Here's a savory, easygoing blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cabernet Franc and Syrah that opens with aromas of red berry and cooking spice. The fresh palate offers black cherries, crushed strawberries, white pepper and a hint of clove alongside bright acidity and fine-grained tannins. Drink now.
This easy-drinking rosé offers bright aromas of strawberries and watermelon, maybe even a touch of bubblegum. It's medium-bodied, but seems to gain freshness on the finish, where the berry flavors come on stronger. Drink now.
Almost everything about this wine is right on the money, from bouquet and flavors to feel and price. The nose is sweet and floral, with deep, alluring berry aromas. The palate offers a fine texture, with pure, layered blackberry, cola and spice flavors. Satisfying on the finish and complete.
Winemaker Sven Bruchfeld has stepped up his Malbec game with this wine. The nose is jammy and full of cassis, blackberry, leather and a whiff of fine aged cheese. It feels lush and dense, with powerful, driving flavors of blackberry, dark plum, spice and herb. It's big but not punishing on the slightly minty finish. Drink now–2015.
Vintage after vintage, the Resonance Vineyard designation is the most seductive, most expressive of all the Sineann Pinot Noirs. In this difficult vintage it is a more elegant and delicate wine than usual, but delicious. Tart cherry, hints of pine resin, delicate spicy highlights and a persistent and elegant finish are the hallmarks here. Nicely done!
Light while also intense with good acidity and unctuous honey flavors, this is already a delicious wine, even though it is young. Ripe orange and lemon go with the honey to give a fine wine that could be drunk now, although that would be a shame. It would be much better to wait until 2017. With just over 200 acres of vines, Quarts de Chaume is a tiny enclave in the Layon Valley.
Here is a reserve-level wine that is a showcase for elegance rather than sheer power. Refined flavors of peach, pear and melon carry notes of cilantro and a finishing lick of Butter Brickle. Give this a little extra breathing time, or cellar till 2018.
This estate blend of 42% Cabernet Sauvignon, 30% Cabernet Franc, 26% Merlot and 2% Petit Verdot is smoky and tart. Its robust underbelly of tannin and persistent charred oak notes frame a core of red currant and cranberry fruit, peppered with clove.
Fruity and off-dry, this has light touches of sweet strawberry and vanilla to go with the orange zest acidity. Screwcap.
Spanish broom, white flower and mature white stone fruit notes commingle on the nose The round, ripe palate offers white peach, juicy pear and candied nectarine flavors, with a bitter almond-inflected finish.
This is a tight, mineral-textured wine. Crisp fruit keeps it bright, but the texture adds a more serious, structured note. Wait until late 2017 for it to come completely together.
They first made Sangio in 1999, but blended in Malbec and Syrah this year. The Malbec muscles it up; it's almost crunchy, with acidic, well-defined cranberry and cherry fruit flavors. The oak is understated; it's the fruit and acid that shine here.
Well balanced with medium weight, this conjures up notes of honey, bergamot, lime pith and red apple. A tangy, medium-length finish brings it all together. Imported by Diageo Chateau & Estate Wines.
The aromas of cinnamon, kelp, and dried fruit are unusual and don't seem in harmony. The gamy flavors bring some appeal but don't entirely come together.
This is a dry wine, although still retaining those enticing honey flavors that are typical of Loire Chenin Blanc. Apple and ripe pear flavors are laced with intense acidity. Its delicate white-flower perfumes are ethereal. Drink now.
Savory, juicy, refreshing and textured, this has a crisp green-fruit feel, and is full of bright fruit flavors. The finish continues to express the lively, tight character of the wine.
Light and crisp, this steely wine offers sensations of white flowers, zesty citrus, white peach and slate. It's simple but well made with fresh acidity that gives it a clean, bright finish.
This blend of Garganega and 10% Trebbiano di Soave shows a bright, luminous straw color, fresh aromas of citrus, stone fruit and blanched almond. It delivers a blast of lively tonic freshness on the finish.
This is a rich, lush, full-bodied expression of the variety, exhibiting oak in its classic rendering of caramel apple. Textured and thick, it has a tartness that balances some of the ripeness on the finish.
Rich and opulent, with the Sémillon adding depth and roundness to Sauvignon's lemon, lime and floral notes. Tastes like there's some residual sugar in the finish, but balanced with zesty acidity.
Put some meat on the grill, slather it with barbecue sauce, and enjoy with this spicy Zin. Medium-bodied, it doesn't overwhelm the food but complements it, with dry, classically varietal flavors of wild berries, brambly herbs, white pepper and sandalwood.
Underbrush, stewed prune, coconut and cured meat aromas lead the nose of this firmly structured red. The palate is austere, with close-grained tannins framing the sour cherry, grilled herb and licorice flavors.
Dry Pinot Gris, perfumed with kiwi and star fruit. It has great acidity as well, preserving its freshness right through to the attractive crisp and green aftertaste.
This is a sweet Pinot Gris that is honeyed and very rich. Light spice notes are buoyed by explosive apricot and pineapple flavors, yielding a wine that's great for capping off a meal.
Packaged in one of the fatter, shorter bottles emerging from the Prosecco region this year, this luminous sparkling wine opens with delicate aromas of stone fruit and drying white mineral.
Blended from Merlot and Cabernet Franc, this wine offers immediately luscious flavors of cherries, blueberries, currants, mocha and new oak. The tannins are considerable, and there's lots of acidity, but the wine is so ripe it's irresistible now with a great steak.
Close to black in color, with a hint of rust around the rim, this reductive wine carries a scent of burnt rubber. Flavors suggest riper grapes than the listed alcohol would indicate, with brown sugar, ripe black cherry and some dusty tannins.
This is an unusual blend of Syrah (35%), Malbec (25%), Merlot (25%) and Cabernet Sauvignon. Baking-spice, vanilla, clove and plum aromas are followed by cranberry and cherry flavors that taper toward the finish.
Big and bold, this opens on aromas of ripe wild berry, forest floor, sunbaked earth, leather and grilled herb. The concentrated palate offers fleshy Morello cherry, raspberry jam, licorice, clove and dried herb while firm, velvety tannins provide the framework. You'll also notice the warmth of alcohol on the close but the fruit richness keeps it in check. Drink 2018–2025.
This rather soft and approachable wine offers tart green apple fruit with a delicate hint of honey and brown sugar. That sweetness is not to say it's a dessert wine: there's plenty of backing acidity. It's just a nice gentle nuance.
Light and moderately oaky, with dry, herbal accents to the red-fruit aromas that are dominant. Light cherry and strawberry are the key flavors, and they're backed by notes of toast, chocolate and leather. Classic and solid, especially for a down year.
A terrific value, the 2009 Killerman's Run Shiraz is full bodied, creamy in texture and endowed with a long, velvety finish. The dark berry-black cherry fruit is big, but balanced by notes of cedar, mocha, chocolate and vanilla. Drink it over the next few years.
This is a strong-tasting Cabernet that lacks subtlety. But if you're looking for a kick of black currants and lots of tingly acidity, you might enjoy it.
Lodi isn't the first region that comes to mind when it comes to California Syrah, but this one could change minds. It has a mountainous mouthfeel, with flavors of tar, blackberry and spice. The wine's aromas need coaxing, but once they surface, a firm and fruity wine emerges.
Charbono is an old-fashioned grape that almost nobody makes anymore, but Shypoke is giving it some love, and good for them. This is a really nice wine. It's as full-bodied, dry and tannic as a Merlot, but with different flavors, of black cherries, grilled meats and mushu plum sauce, with dusty exotic spices and a touch of funky smoke. It's soft enough to drink now.
Loin de l'Oeil with Sauvignon Blanc gives a ripe, soft and deliciously fruity wine. Finely balanced with tangy acidity over melon and rich red-apple flavors, the wine has a touch of minerality from the gravel soil. Drink the wine now.
Fairly priced for an auslese of this quality, Nicolay's 2009 from the Bernkasteler Badstube is lean yet luscious, with a wiry frame of taut citrus upon which hang riper notes of ripe peaches and apricots. The finish is long and vibrant, echoing with pure fruity deliciousness.
Alluring aromas of beeswax, white spring flower and acacia float from the glass. On the vibrant palate, crisp acidity offsets yellow apple, Anjou pear and nectarine while the slightest hint of paraffin graces the dry finish.
Young, tight, firm and somewhat acidic, this is one Pinot Noir that needs decanting. Like the other releases from Johan, it is a subtle wine that rewards your attention. Details of fruit, earth, rock and herb emerge slowly as the wine opens, suggesting that a few bottles should be tucked away in the cellar for future reference.
A rich, round and silky texture provide pure pleasure in this exotically perfumed vineyard-designate that's full bodied and exuberant in baked plum, black pepper and anise. Well integrated and complex, it traffics in deeper, darker plumes of smoke and tobacco toward the lengthy finish.
This is a soft wine whose herbal character is held in check by a smooth texture. It is bright and crisp, with plenty of citrus and gooseberry flavors as well as intense acidity. The wine is ready to drink.
A precious passito dessert wine made partly from Fiano, this is redolent of honey, candied fruit and sweet almond. The palate is creamy and soft, with a sweet apricot overtone and a touch of fresh acidity.
Rich notions of ripe Comice pear and yellow apple govern nose and palate. The Pinot Gris roundness is well balanced by ripe, fresh acidity on a medium body with lots of mouthfeel. An almost weighty wine.
Immediately this strikes you as true Verdejo from Rueda. It has pungency on the nose, with accents of cucumber and celery to the primary passion fruit, apricot and citrus aromas. Plenty of zing to it, and tastes of citrus and fresh green apples. Then tangerine and grapefruit carry the finish. Varietally correct.
Having aged in oak barrels for 24 months, this is not shy or bashful. It bursts open with thick, dark concentration and chewy jammy fruit aromas. The palate has a velvety texture and a touch of barbecue sweetness.
This rivals good Champagne in its toasty, buttery-brioche richness, then adds cashew and citrus for an assertive blast of balanced flavor. Drink this fine vintage sparkler over the next 10 years or so.
This uncommon Italian grape gets a good showing, with aromas of red apples, lychee and wet stone. The flavors are evenly presented with citrus and stone fruit, a straight-forward sipper perfect for sunny days.
A rich pink color and tangy, concentrated raspberry and strawberry flavors make this wine more substantial than the norm. It finishes with a candied fruit note and a touch of perceived sweetness.
A bright, immediate delivery of fresh tones of cut grass, white flowers and citrus emerge from the nose of this cheerful Soave Classico. The wine promises food-friendliness on all levels thanks to the simplicity of its style and its crisp acidity.
Consultant Stéphane Derenoncourt has helped this light wine to have a good balance and soft, generous fruitiness. The tannins are kind, rounded and already well integrated with the fruit. Drink from 2017.
Attractive mid-gold color with intense aromas of ripe citrus and stone fruit, strong minerality and hints of spice. Racy with crisp acidity, juicy, rich and smooth texture with lots of concentrated, bright flavors of blood orange, peach, apricot, mango and spice. Strong minerality follows through to a long, precise, juicy finish.
A Syrah of considerable proportions, made in the Novy style of power and ripeness. It's suprising that Novy didn't priced it higher, as it has that extractive richness and inherent wealth of texture that are the domain of expensive red wines. Just tremendous in blackberries, chocolate and spices, with the most beautiful tannins. Drink now, with the finest meats.
Rose, aromatic herb, red berry and French oak notes lead the nose on this elegantly structured wine. Linear and taut, the palate offers red cherry, vanilla and a hint of exotic spice, with firm, fine-grained tannins and zesty acidity. Drink 2020–2030.
This well-balanced and smooth wine is the debut California offering from French producer Pommery. Made from 96% Chardonnay and a dab of Pinot Noir, it carries aromas of toasted baguette and flowers, with crisp apple and white peach flavors on fine-beaded bubbles. The concentrated fruit amplifies on the palate and lingers on the finish.
Intricate and complex, with apricot, pineapple, golden currant, mineral and buttered toast flavors, balanced with fine acidity. Good now, and should evolve in interesting ways over the next six years
90-92 Barrel sample. This is hugely rich and powerful,  with attractively ripe, intense fruit. Delicious layers of fresh fruits combine with concentrated botrytis and lemon flavors. A perfect foie gras partner.
Lavender and ripe black-cherry aromas are enticing on this Pinot Noir. Dry and full bodied, it doesn't have a lot of concentration, but it's softly fruity, with hints of soil and autumn leaf.
Pungent on the nose, this offers blasts of nettle, sweat, mineral and stone along with citrus. It feels fresh and forward, but the flavors of white fruit, jalapeño and bitter pith don't impress. Holds onto its bitterness on the finish.
A good, everyday red wine, medium-bodied and dry, with complex cherry, currant, lavender, herb, spice and sandalwood flavors. Nicely constructed and savory.
A fruitless nose smells of mealy grape skins, spoiled apple and peach pit. Unfocused white-fruit flavors are mealy and funky on the finish.
Named after a 17th-century nun who lived nearby, this wine packs impressive power and concentration. A great weight of solid tannins are paired with luscious red fruits. Its density, dry core and layers of fruit and acidity promise good aging. Drink from 2017.
This is the second vintage of sparkling wine production for winemaker Blair Fox but the first he's controlled from start to finish, and the early results are exciting. Zesty lime, graphite and raspberry scents lead the nose, while red plum, pomegranate and citrus flavors converge. It's full and foamy on the palate.
This is not just a late harvest wine, because there are definite dry flavors of botrytis grapes. While the obvious spice of the Gewürztraminer is subdued by the richness and sweetness, it still has all the fat, opulent character of the grape. It almost certainly needs to age, to bring the powerful botrytis character into balance with the wine's structure; in 5–6 years, it will be impressive.
Delicate wild berry, underbrush, clove and grilled herb scents waft from the glass. The palate is ethereal and light-bodied, offering red cherry, pomegranate, and cinnamon flavors with a touch of game. Tangy acidity and supple tannins make it approachable now. Drink through 2020.
There's a pretty smoky element to this wine that comes off as cured beef or bresaola backed by graphite and ground slate. From the faraway 2001 vintage, the wine boasts elegant tertiary aromas of cola, black licorice and candied fruit with some sweetness on the close. Drink now.
Hawley has been making this single-vineyard Pinot for years, and the wine has achieved real consistency. The 2011, like the 2010, is bright in acidity, with ripe raspberry, cranberry and sandalwood flavors. It's a fine Pinot to drink now.
For the past several years, this Zin has suffered from the same flaw, excessive alcohol. Some wines get away with it. This one, with its raisiny, baked fruit taste, harsh tannins and hot mouthfeel, does not.
A solid, direct Chardonnay. Doesn't offer a whole lot of complexity, but it's dry and creamy, with spicy, oak-inspired pineapple and green apple flavors.
Lean and angular right now, showing hints of mint and chocolate—the oak sticks out a bit over the tart cherry flavors.
Nikolaus Moser, who currently runs this family winery, comes from one of Austria's most illustrious wine families. This is a fresh, clean style of Grüner Veltliner, but relatively light with some pleasant acidity. There is a good, racy, crisp undertone. Imported by Martin Scott Wines.
A blend of 80% Merlot, 11% Cabernet Sauvignon, 5% Cab Franc and 4% Syrah, this offers notes of blackberry and baked cherry, tobacco and Indian spice. Medium to full in body, this has a juicy core, which is framed by sturdy tannins. A note of maraschino reverberates on the dry finish.
A simple, intensely perfume wine, over-the-top in its spice and lychee flavors. It conveys a wallop of fruit and a rounded structure. Drink this generous wine now.
Aromas of moist earth, game and red berry lead the nose and carry over to the simple palate. Bright acidity and loose rather fleeting tannins provide the easy-drinking framework. Enjoy soon.
From the estate, in the Pritchard Hill area of St. Helena which is worthy of its own appellation, comes this densely structured, impressive but young wine. It's massive in fruity extract and new oak, flooding the mouth with soft, ultrarich flavors of blackberries and dark chocolate and a leathery, peppery, grilled meat quality. This is the kind of wine even a non-red wine drinker will be dazzled by, and connoisseurs will appreciate its power and finesse. Ready now for sheer opulence, and should develop through 2012, at least.
Here's a lightly oak-aged Recioto di Soave that opens with an intensely golden color and beautiful aromas of raw honey, roasted almond and chestnut, backed by candied fruit and apricot.
This starts off a bit nutty and funky, but give it time in the glass and it delivers bright aromas of nectarine and grapefruit in addition to the nut and dough notes. Despite this wine's weight and richness, it's crisply focused on the finish, where its grapefruit flavors really linger. It should prove relatively long-lived, but I'd still opt for drinking it over the next few years.
This is an attractively perfumed wine that's refreshing with lemon and apricot flavors. It has a zesty character with the crisp texture of apple skins. It's ready to drink now, but could also improve with age for three years. Screwcap.
A spicy aroma of ginger cookies meets dark, blackberry flavors on the palate of this medium-bodied, pure-tasting wine. The gushing fruit flavors are compelling and palate-cleansing, with light tannins and acidity keep it fresh and lively.
Made with Sangiovese, Locorosso has an intense fragrance of wild cherry and underbrush accented by tobacco and spice. The palate is dense and delicious, delivering black cherry layered with carob, coffee and white pepper notes. It's already enjoyable so drink soon.
The name may suggest a bridge in Florence but this sparkler is Spanish. Lychee, rose water and lime are the aromas, but frankly they are basic. A creamy, fairly thick and cloying palate carries Moscato-based flavors of lychee, lime and mango, while the finish is sugary in feel and flavor.
Of all the Clarendon Hills 2008 Syrahs, the Moritz probably offers the best value. It's plummy, dark and intense, with savory overtones of meat and spice that complement the wine's full body and creamy texture. The long finish echoes with hints of coffee, meat and plummy fruit. Drink now–2020.
Soft and melted in the mouth, this 100% Cabernet has deep flavors of blackberries, currants and minerals. It's delicious, yet the structure is soft yet weirdly acidic. Doesn't seem like an ager.
There's a maturity that shines through from the honeyed applesauce and steel aromas in this off-dry Riesling. Rich and full bodied on the palate, bright, fresh apple and lemon flavors linger elegantly on the tongue with a hint of bitter lime pith.
Initially, this Carmenère smells green and minty, with a heavy herbal blast. Airing settles things down in front of a fresh palate with thorough body and build. Oak and salted-meat flavors with black fruits finish woody, toasty and herbal.
Finished with a little oak, this Chardonnay features buttered toast and vanilla flavors on top of the pineapple, tropical fruit and sweet honey notes. It's a nice, stylishly rich wine to drink now.
Nicely balanced and tart, this versatile white wine made from the Fiano grape could pair with fish, appetizers, spicy food or salads. it delivers aromas of pear, peach and Golden Delicious apple.
This is definitely a wine in the new ripe Bordeaux style, with rich black fruits and spicy tannins. Impressively dense, dusty fruit tannins are alongside smooth, polished new wood flavors. The acidity and black currants are the reminder that this is still Bordeaux, not New World.
This is a bold and powerful yet layered and nuanced wine, with hints of green peppercorn, tobacco leaf, cigar box and leather that add depth and interest to the cassis and brambly blackberry core. The gripping palate offers structured, mouthcoating tannins that are framed by ample acidity and ripe black berry tones. Notes of spicy black licorice and espresso unfold on the long finish. It's delicious now, but this will age beautifully through 2020.
Salted lemons, seared nectarine, chamomile, yellow apple and a touch of sourdough show on this bottling, which deftly balances crispness with richness. Slightly browner flavors pop on the palate, with buttered peaches, lemon oil and Marcona almonds.
Nutty aromas of almond skins and walnut aren't terribly fruity but show some mineral cut. The wine is punchy but standard in feel, with a mix of citrus and melon flavors. The finish tastes nutty and a bit briny.
Rich and aromatic, with a full blast of fragrant toasty oak and plenty of tropical fruit. The apple, mango and pear fruit that coats your mouth is round and ripe but not too thick or grabby. And the finish is perfectly smooth. Sure, it's a bit buttery and full, so no one will confuse it for Chablis. But in its class it's one of the best out there.
Made with 80% Sangiovese, 10% Mammolo and 10% Canaiolo, this offers subdued aromas of red cherry, chopped mint and a hint white pepper. The breezy, easygoing palate shows crushed raspberry and orange zest underscored by lively acidity.
This is a blend of 67% Merlot grown in Carneros with 33% Cabernet Franc from Atlas Peak. Tense in bittersweet clove, tea and big, extracted tannins, it settles down midpalate to reveal an underlying crispness of red fruit.
This producer's light take on the variety continues to impress with this vintage. Anise and oak hints combine on the nose to invite one in for an elegant taste of bright, juicy acidity and refined lemon and green apple flavors.
Round, plush and hedonistic, the Magill barely falls on the conservative side of “over the top” this year. Deep aromas of vanilla bean and meat segue to a blackberry-and-vanilla ride on the palate. Long and luscious on the finish; really quite sexy overall.
An exuberantly fruity, low-tannin Pinot with quite a bit of charm. Bursting with young, jammy wild-berry fruit, it tastes fruity and very spicy. Has those soft, juicy tannins that make it immediately drinkable, especially with spicy, salty foods.
There's a tinge of caramelized sugar amid ripe yellow peach and apricots in this ripe, yet deftly balanced Riesling. Off dry in style, it has a strike of lemon-lime acidity that jolts the palate from its juicy, fruity ease. It's quaffable but equally penetrating.
A rich, sweet wine, with flavors of ripe oranges, lychees and intense spice. It is very concentrated, and straightforward. Imported by Austrian Specialty Wine Company.
Very ripe, with sun-enriched blackberry, cherry and mocha flavors, and rich in sweet, dusty tannins. The finish on this polished, gentle Cab is a little sweet and oaky. Drink now.
Early on, this smells young and a lot like latex mixed with candied plum and red-berry fruits; give it time and it settles on jammy red-fruit aromas as well as a wide-bodied palate. Plum, cherry and raspberry flavors all vie for attention, while the finish is fresh, fruity and lively. Drink through 2017.
A little thin on the finish, but bright in perky acidity. The fruit on this dry wine veers toward Key lime, lemons and vanilla.
This soft and slightly sweet wine smells like cinnamon and vanilla and tastes like cherry juice. It is medium bodied and smooth in texture.
A Rhone blend with juicy berry and cocoa flavors. Very soft and gentle through the finish. Easy with burgers and such.
Cocoa and cedar aromas dominate the bouquet, but then some dark fruit emerges on the palate. It's dense, rich and flavorful, but lacks the elegance and finesse to score higher.
No oak lets the basic wine show through, but the problem is that it's unbalanced. It's sugary sweet in peach and apricot flavors, with a harsh, burnt finish.
There is a fine balance here between wood and deliciously rich fruit. It gives a ripe wine that fills the glass with spice, apricots and a crisp citrus zest. The wine glows ripely to the finish.
Muddled blackberry, black cherry and boysenberry are the initial aromas on the nose of this wine, with supporting notes of sweet spice, toasted oak, crushed lavender and bay leaf. The palate is plush and juicy, with ripe fruit flavors that are framed by accents of licorice, toasted peppercorn and mocha. Drink now–2018.
Good price for a bubbly of this quality. Shows a nice spectrum of citrus, yeast and strawberry flavors that finish dry, crisp and clean, if a little rough. Drink now.
This is pure, young vine Mourvèdre, sharp, tart and juicy, but without the concentration and power of older fruit. What it does show is purity and youthful tang, it's tasty and juicy and full of tangy berry flavor, which has good focus—floral and white pepper—and does not quickly fade away. It has amazing length for a wine so young.
91-93 Barrel sample. An impressive wine with good balance, sweet fruit and a delicious strand of fresh blackberry juice. The tannins are dark, but fit well with the fruit.
This is an exceptional wine, as is the vintage. The fruits—grapefruit, crisp red apple—balance with a fine yeasty character. There is a great depth of flavor, the fruits going in a pure line of freshness. The one problem is that it is much too young, the result of the demand from the market for the next vintage. Age this wine for at least four years.
Here's a rich and thickly extracted Barbera d'Alba with purplish hues to its ruby color and bright aromas of cherry, black currants and cassis. Like many of the wines from the Alba area, we notice quite a lot of toast here that comes forth as cinnamon, vanilla and exotic spice.
Aromas of cassis, underbrush and toast lead the nose on this simple but well-made red. The easy-drinking palate delivers black currant, raspberry, coffee and a toasted note alongside polished tannins. It's made to be enjoyed young so drink soon.
This elegant, classic-style red starts with black cherry, mocha and spice on the nose, followed by like flavors on the palate. Smooth tannins, good acidity and a spicy finish give it a food-friendly edge. A sophisticated sip with an exotic tendency.
This long-anticipated wine from a longtime grower-turned-vintner swings for the fences. Begins with fascinating, complex aromas—highlighted by lees, pineapple, cinnamon, smoke and white chocolate—and dazzles with its sheer opulence. Everything comes together in pinpointed harmony, right down to the mind-bogglingly beautiful finish.
Coconut, baked plum and French oak aromas come together in the glass. The taut, medium-bodied palate offers red cherry fruit with hints of toast, espresso and star anise, framed by fine-grained tannins. Drink through 2020.
This blends 20% each of all five red-Bordeaux varieties, showing grapy, plummy flavor that's juicy and soft on the palate. With a core of tobacco, tar and graphite, it complements the fruity with the savory, ending simply and elegantly.
Enticing aromas of boysenberry pie are framed against a woodsy backdrop of cedar and coconut while the palate brings to mind a luscious berry soup. The medium finish offers dense caramel and vanilla flavors encased in finely buffed tannins. Drink now or hold a few years.
A bit tannic and earthy, with tobacco and cola flavors accenting the fruitier cherries and blackberries. Oak adds sweet, smoky notes of toast, and the finish includes lots of tangy spices. Elegantly constructed, this young Pinot needs a few year in the cellar.
Taylor Fladgate's vintage Ports are always among the legendary wines. This hugely structured wine keeps the dense, perfumed tradition very much alive. Along with the power, it also has wonderful fruit, bursting out with blackberry jam. Even with all the fruitiness, it needs to age for decades.
This super Tuscan is designed by fashion icon Roberto Cavalli who owns the Tenuta degli Dei estate in Tuscany. The blend sees Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Petit Verdot and Cabernet Franc resulting in a dense, rich and opulent red wine that is redolent of mature fruit and spice.
This tight, juicy version of Mencía smells minerally like a vitamin, with black-fruit notes of cherry and boysenberry. Peppery blackberry flavors are short but fresh, while the finish is clean and fairly long.
This Riesling has a zingy but complex character, starting with the pear, lemon and vanilla on the nose and the honey, apricot and lemon on the palate. It's elegant but easy drinking, and a great accompaniment to richer ethnic cuisine.
Smooth and fruity, this seductive wine is front-loaded with pretty cherry fruit. It shows a little herb and loam in the midpalate, and that pretty fruit fades away gently, leaving a harmonious, give-me-another-sip aftertaste.
Punchbowl aromas of melon and papaya are a bit watery. The palate is round and simple in feel, with modest acidity. Easygoing flavors of melon and peach finish nice but short. This is basic white wine in every way.
Notes of apple, spice and brioche lead to tart citrus flavors. A lively mousse keeps the attention high.
Perfect with caprese salad with slices of mozzarella, tomato and basil, this is a light and fragrant white wine that exhibits aromas of stone fruit and white stone. You really can't exaggerate the enormous drinkability of Falanghina.
Not much of this variety comes from this mountainous appellation, but this bottling suggests it can work well. Hearty blackberry aromas are leveled by anise, sage, black rocks and a touch of pencil lead on the nose. The palate is very tight and minerally, with chipped-graphite flavors providing structure to the prominent black and purple fruits.
This slightly sweet Moscato has aromas of fresh cut pineapple, magnolia, peaches, honeysuckle and dried anise seed. The palate gets lychee and apricot.
90–92. Barrel sample. This dense, structured and solidly tannic wine is balanced by dark black fruits that are juicy and ripe. The wine will always be dry, mineral and fairly severe in style.
There's a touch of heat to the nose of this Shiraz that slightly overwhelms the black plum and berry aromas. In the mouth, initial licorice and mulled boysenberry flavors transition nicely into the short but peppery close.
This grand cru Riesling screams of terroir. Strong aromas of petrol, pineapple and honey emanate from the glass while flavors of ripe red delicious apple, bergamot and ruby red grapefruit dance on your palate. Medium-full body and a long mineral finish add the finishing touches to this beauty.
There's a lot of pedigree in this Cab. It's beautifully dry, with a fine structure in which fruit, wood, acidity and tannins play well off each other. The tannins, though, are very strong, to the point of astringent lockdown. But there's no reason not to cellar this wine until 2010, at the earliest.
An amazing wine that is a benchmark for its class. Pure scents of dried apricot, citrus, jasmine and melon are coated with Asian spices, while the mouth is honeyed but nuanced, with flavors of dried spices, apricot marmalade and citrus fruits. What sets this wine apart is its mouthwatering acidity. A blend of grapes from multiple vineyards, this 26,000-case production wine is a steal at this price. Imported by Wilson Daniels Ltd.
Nothing but fruit in this Chardonnay, and what pretty fruit it is. Really delicious in pineapple, peach, lemon, lime, green melon and vanilla flavors, with fine acidity.
Opens with a light, herbal bouquet that features spice and elegant red fruit aromas. The palate keeps the mode going; it's crisp and fresh, with cherry, raspberry and spice flavors. Finishes firm and dry, with tobacco. A nice blend of Carmenère, Cabernet Sauvignon and Cab Franc.
From a vineyard located close to the coast of Aptos, this bottling shows dewy chaparral aromas on the nose, as well as light cinnamon, nutmeg and smashed graphite, with a dense pomegranate-hibiscus core. It is tightly wound on the sip, with cranberry, raspberry, rose petal and rose-hip flavors. The texture and tension are impressive, and will unleash continued intrigue from 2018 to 2033.
This wine features a bouquet of peach and rose petal. It is well balanced on the palate, offering flavors of nectarine, lemon and freesia that lead to a floral- and citrus-laced finish.
Made with 90% Merlot and 10% Alicante, this easygoing red opens with delicate aromas suggesting red currant and baking spice. The straightforward palate delivers red plum and clove alongside soft tannins. Enjoy soon.
Rich and creamy poached pear, banana and coconut aromas show in a ripe but not overdone way in this blend of 46% Roussanne, 37% Marsanne and 17% Viognier. There is a strong textural grip to the palate, focusing its apple, cherimoya and lemon peel flavors.
All varietal and aged in neutral French oak, this wine offers brooding aromas of coffee, cream and violets. The herb and savory flavors are soft and reserved in feel with a lingering finish.
Looking for something different to serve with your cheese course? This aged white might be just the thing. Scents of grape skins and honey waft from the glass, followed by flavors akin to honey, beeswax and bitter almond. It tastes like there's a hint of residual sugar as well.
This Brunello shows aromas of leather and cured meat without much fresh fruit to hold it up. The structure and acidity is there, along with tertiary aromas of crushed mineral, asphalt, candied fruit and dried sage.
This tastes distinctly sweet—like a cherry-and-chocolate confection—and the acidity is high. It's hard to predict where this is going, but it seems awkward now. Tasted twice, with consistent results.
This wine's apricot, spice and creamsicle scents are followed by tart, medium-bodied, lightly creamy fruit flavors. Tart citrus notes fill out the finish.
Creamy and delicious, this beautiful white offers aromas and flavors of juicy pear, ripe green apple, white almond, sea salt, wild herb and ginger. Fresh acidity brightens the creamy flavors.
Shows the full-bodied balance and texture of a fine Napa Cabernet, with rich, ripe tannins, although the flavors are all Petite Sirah. Wild forest black, blue and red berries, anise, pepper, leather, bacon and dark chocolate flood the mouth. Delicious now, and should evolve through 2014, with proper cellaring.
A blend of Grenache, Syrah, Zinfandel and Petite Sirah, this wine offers earthy cedar and meager fruit, providing instead a wealth of leathery, rustic texture and light body.
Big, tannic and bold wine, this has ripe black fruits and sweet tannins, with a firm, mineral edge. Richness and structure combine to form a dense wine that should age for over three years.
Sangiovese (70%), Merlot, Petit Verdot and Cabernet Franc are blended here to produce a rich, velvety wine with defined aromas of blackberry, chocolate, espresso and pipe tobacco. The wine finishes with a soft, chewy texture.
Delicate and elegant with wild flowers and loads of mineral-like layers. Zesty and cool in the mouth, with spicy acidity and good persistence. A real appetite-enhancing apéritif wine.
This is a ripe wine, full of generous fruit. The tannic structure gives a dry firm core to the fruitiness. The wine is going to develop well over the next two years and give richness to the black fruit flavors. Drink from 2018.
This wine offers a ripe abundance of apple and pear, veering almost into tropical flavors. It conveys richness amid a streak of high acidity, the oak semi-restrained. It finishes in vanilla crème brûlée.
Soft notes of rose petal and sandalwood on the nose frame a rounded and medium-sweet but balanced palate of a soft, smooth and scented richness. The palate adds aromatic peachiness and some tropical notes of lychee with edges of more sandalwood spice. This wine is like a scented cloud of peach with a clean finish.
Sporting the AVA's classic, concentrated black-cherry fruit, this carries a strong whiff of fresh cut tobacco. Those flavors control the palate, with lemony acids and a light touch of spice.
Although this winery is better known for its Shiraz, I have been a consistent fan of its Riesling as well. The 2006 offers scents of powdered minerals and lime followed by flavors of apple and citrus. It's medium-bodied but muscular, with plenty of intensity that comes through on the long finish. Drink now–2016.
Toasty, roasted aromas of earthy plum and berry fruits set up a full-bodied but friendly palate of soft tannins. Dark, oaky, minty flavors of black fruits finish with peppery spice, good length and some heat.
Dark, spicy scents run side by side with licorice root and black cherry notes. This juicy, layered blend of 70% Cabernet Sauvignon and 15% each of Merlot and Syrah is a potent number with black- and red-plum flavors backed by a lasting, bold, angular finish. Drink through 2023.
Quite a nice white wine for its acidity and sophistication, which is a function of the crispness. Shows clean, lively flavors of citrus fruits, peaches, wildflowers and vanilla, with umami notes of cashew nut and foie gras. Dry, but feels honey-rich on the finish.
Fermented via carbonic maceration in a concrete tank, this spent 10 months in neutral oak prior to bottling. Give it a bit of breathing time to flesh out, and it rewards you with lush, spicy berry flavors, accents of fresh herb, and a hint of chocolate.
Made from 76% Pinot Noir and 24% Chardonnay, spice-tinged fruit aromas and toasted baguette complexity make a grand entrance on the nose. It then gushes bold and complex flavors, like toasted walnuts and almonds, poached pears and a touch of ginger. Although big and broad in flavor for a sparkling wine, it's very well structured and a good bet to age through 2022 or longer.
One of the few Saint-Julien chateaus that is not a cru classé, les Ormes has had a fine success in 2009. The wine has good density, a very poised feel. It has black fruits, firm, dark tannins and fresh acidity. With its structure and complexity, it will age for 6–8 years and more.
Rich and round, this wine shows the natural herbaceous character of the Sauvignon Blanc-Sémillon blend. Tamed by a warm, fat, generous feel, this has the density and structure to make it a great match for food.
Winemaker Larry McKenna's Pinots tend to be more muscular and ageworthy than this example, perhaps the result of vintage conditions rather than any stylistic change. In any event, it's a pretty, lighter-styled wine, with cherry fruit flavors enhanced by chocolate, caramel and touches of celery seed and spice. Silky and delicate in the mouth, but the flavors fade a little too quickly on the finish.
An attractive, fruity Port, which has perfumed aromas, young, fresh fruit and flavors of raisins. It is sweet, flavored with black cherries and figs. This is an easy drinking style, which fits the profile of Reserve Ports perfectly.
Attractive grapefruit and herb aromas and flavors mark the bouquet and palate of this French sparkler. There’s a touch of anise or licorice in the mouth, and a dry spice note on the foamy finish. The soft feel gives it great appeal, while the solid flavors set it apart from the sweet set.
A lean and classically structured wine, this 100% Merlot offers tart cherry and plum fruit wrapped in a toasty oak cocoon. Licorice and earth accents and an herb-tobacco note add palate dimension. A firm, lengthy finish, good grip and precise flavor definition mark this elegant offering.
A young (average age 5 years) tawny sourced from the Riverlands, this makes for a tasty and affordable after-dinner drink. There's some berry fruit remaining, but also touches of honey, caramel and molasses. It's very supple and smooth in the mouth, yet finishes on a slightly earthy or savory note, which keeps it from being cloying.
Striking lemon-lime acidity penetrates through this zesty, dry-style Riesling. It's spry and lean, marked by crisp green apples and pears and finishes briskly, accented by layers of dusty minerals. Drink now–2016.
Though quite light in the glass in color, this is a very and tropical take on the grape, with honeysuckle, jasmine, pear and apricot aromas leaping from the wine. There is a nicely wound tightness to the texture of the sip, and then come the white peach, guava, melon and papaya flavors.
Scents of freshly cut herbs add a verdant quality to the yellow plum and white flower notes on this brisk, minerally blend comprised of the traditional Champagne grape varieties. Dry and tonic in style, it finishes clean and crisp, with just a hint of sugar-cookie-crumb sweetness.
This offers savory tones of smoked bacon, cured meat, licorice, candied fruit and leather. The finish is very smooth, long and polished.
So putting “Reserve” on a $13 bottle of wine might seem like a stretch, but the fact is what's in the bottle is very good. It's full bodied, creamy and lushly textured, with an intriguing herbal tang to the black cherry fruit, hints of vanilla and a softly dusty finish. Drink now–2018.
Vanilla and cream, cocoa, and herbs really jazz up the medium-berry nose. Dark sweet fruit in the mouth, with some earth and cedar for substance. Bitter chocolate and espresso add backbone to the medium-length finish. Good and balanced, and not bad for current consumption.
Baked vanilla cake, marcona almonds and pressed guava notes make for a balanced though certainly oaken nose from the appellation's pioneering property. The flavors are round and peachy, with a nice arc of smoke and butter that lead to bitter mustard and acidic zing on the finish.
Mainly Malbec, with 8% Merlot, this is a soft, full-bodied and fruity wine. It comes from young vines, which give the wine is vigor and juicy fruits. No wood is used in the winemaking, so it is all about generous black fruits. Drink now.
Hard and like a match on the nose, with sulfur and peach pit aromas. Has a good mouthfeel to support pithy peach and green melon flavors. Finishes creamy, but with a mild bitterness.
Rubbery blackberry aromas are dark, oily and toasty, while the palate is plump, comfortable and familiar. Flavors of dark plum and blackberry are standard, while the finish lightens in scope to show creamy raspberry.
Shy on the nose, this wine evolves into a subtle suggestion of smoky barbecue—its tight tannin structure holding on for dear life against a subversive note of red currant and cedar. Full-bodied and quite robust, it provides a dry, tacky finish.
Touches of candlewax and savory herbs add intrigue and complexity to bright, sunny peach and apricot flavors in this semi-sweet wine. Vivacious and brisk, the palate plays out like a joyful tug-o-war of tangerine acidity and a lingering sweetness that's so refreshingly tasty.
Initially earthy, this needs a few minutes to blossom into an elegant, structured wine, with black cherry flavors, firm dry tannins and a smooth finish.
Defines Rockpile Zinfandel in intensity of fruit and high alcohol which is in keeping with the volume. There are few red wines in the world like this. It's fully dry, with potent flavors of baked blackberries, blackcurrants, cola and peppery spices, and the tannins are huge, but negotiable. Demands the richest grilled meats and cheeses.
Many Oregon wineries produce a rosé from Pinot Noir, generally released in the spring for enjoyment over the ensuing warm weather months. Pinot makes a particularly light and elegant rosé, bone dry, tart and citric. This one suggests wild strawberries and hints of rose petals.
This 100% varietal wine brings brooding aromas of black licorice, anise, dark plum and herb followed by rich, focused black plum flavors. It delivers a lot of charm and hedonistic appeal.
Simple and soft, with well-ripened flavors like those chocolate-covered cherry candies. Fortunately the wine is fully dry, but at the cost of very high alcohol, so be forewarned.
So soft and sweet in fruity, chocolaty richness, it's almost like a Port, without the fortification, although the alcohol is a high 15.5%. The tastes are of melted chocolate and cherry pie filling, spiced with cinnamon, nutmeg, salt and pepper.
Smokiness initially clouds the abundant passion fruit aromas. The palate comes through with lemon and lime freshness, still trailing a hint of flinty smoke. Streamlined and refreshing, it has an almost mineral background.
This wine is young, full of the initial burst of crisp fruit. Apple and citrus flavors, and mineral texture, are still developing, filling in from the taut character and acidity. It will be ready to drink from 2018.
Oak, fruit, tannin, acidity and minerality are the parts of this flashy Cabernet, but they haven't come together yet. This clearly needs time. There's a brilliant heart of blackberry, black currant, anise and spice flavors, and it should begin to develop secondary or tertiary characteristics after 2016 or so.
A fine, delicious Chardonnay, less expensive than most of Testarossa's other single-vineyard Chards, but as good. Crisp in acidity, it offers very rich pineapple tart, Key lime pie, golden mango and lemon custard flavors, made even richer by smoky, sweetly caramelized oak.
White blossoms and grapefruit zest perfume this crystalline late harvest Riesling. Veiled by a gossamer spray of sugary lace rather than streaks of honey, it showcases peach and apricot flavors in their most pristine and primary state. It's dancingly delicate on the palate yet endures dramatically on the finish.
89-91 Barrel sample. A mineral, austere style of wine, which offers dense tannins in a firm, dry style. It is a big wine, but the edge is taut, tight, on a coil.
The nose has a yeasty, meaty character, while the palate is toasty. Rich flavors include ripe plum and vanilla followed by fragrant acidity at the end.
Bruised apple notes scent this dry-style Riesling. The palate exhibits glimpses of fresh apple and pear flavors, but there's a savory, earthy tone throughout. Bristling acidity lingers on the finish.
A soft and ripe wine with gentle tannins and spicy black currant fruit, this tastes dry and has fine acidity and a juicy aftertaste. The name is a reminder that the vineyards are close to the Atlantic Ocean.
Here's a full-bodied blush sparkling wine that's rich with raspberries, strawberries, limes, toast and yeast. Mainly Pinot Noir, with 20% Chardonnay, it has a pale orange-pink color, and finishes slightly sweet.
This comes from 30-year-old vines in the Quinta da Manoella, the family vineyard of Jorge Borges, one of the winemaking husband-and-wife team at Wine & Soul. This bottling shows the fruit-driven side of this vineyard, which also has 100-year-old vines. It's dense and solid, with powerful tannins that are beautifully integrated into the big plum fruits. The aftertaste is smooth, rich and concentrated.
This is Alvarinho from the southern part of the Minho region, close to Oporto. It has lemon fruit and a smooth texture, giving a rich wine. It could age a little longer, so wait until 2018.
Vibrant aromas of cranberry, raspberry and red currant are followed by full-bodied jammy red-fruit flavors. It drinks quite sweet but overall holds the sugar well and the acid provides a counterbalance.
Another clean and tasty bottling from this label's numbered series, this shows light nectarine and lemon aromas on the nose. The texture is grippy and bright in acidity, offering crunchy Asian pear flavors that prove quite refreshing, with decent length.
A brighter, more mineral- and acid-driven take on the often rustic Rhône grape, this kicks off with fresh smells of raspberry and rock. The palate brings tart cherry, followed by just-ripe black berry and really ripe raspberry on the midpalate, and a tartness on the finish.
A good evocation of a Santa Ynez Grenache. Shows the right bite of acidity, with interesting cherry pie, bacon and sandalwood flavors that lead to a long, spicy finish. Drink up.
This is just barely drinkable, with modest blackberry fruit. It's hot and Port-like, right through the raisiny finish.
Feline aromas—nothing unusual for Rueda Verdejo—are coupled with notes of briny apple and citrus. Fresh and easy on the palate, green-leaning citrus flavors finish tangy and slightly salty.
Cherry jam and raspberry preserve aromas meet a mélange of sweet baking spice on the nose. The palate shows ample weight supported by sandy tannins, with dark cherry pie flavors leading to a cherry cola finish.
Planeta's fresh rosé (made with Syrah) shows attractive berry, citrus, herb and sweet almond-paste notes.
Smoky aromas mix with scents of green herbs in an offering that's reminiscent of some Chinons. Shows good depth on the palate and admirable complexity, mixing in coffee, black currants, and dark earth components.
Light cherry and mild sulfuric aromas are standard fare for this class of wine, while the palate is snappy and fresh, with sweet-and-sour cherry and strawberry flavors. Finishes a little gritty and candied, but pleasant enough overall.
Rotari's nonvintage bubbly places the emphasis on fruit, not yeasty, toasty elements. Pear and lemon curd notes glide into a soft, easy finish.
Crushed berry, leather, tilled soil, blue flower and a whiff of fennel lead the nose. The ripe palate offers juicy black cherry, black raspberry, white pepper and anise alongside firm, close-grained tannins. Give this time to fully develop and reach its full potential. Drink 2022–2032.
Simple but well made Sauvignon, it offers delicate aromas of tropical fruit. The round palate is more expressive, with subtle white peach and cantaloupe alongside fresh acidity. Enjoy soon.
With some firm tannins and considerable red fruit juiciness, this is a wine that combines a good fruity character with a solid structure. The balancing side is the acidity and very fresh finish.
This is a beautiful botrytised wine, made from a field blend of Sauvignon Blanc, Riesling and Gewürztraminer. Light on its feet and reined-in in terms of sweetness, it's golden hay-colored and has a touch of reduction, allowing the Riesling nose to dominate. Decadent yet restrained, it's also lengthy and complex, with highlights of orange and pear.
Lots of toasty oak on this very dry wine, and a big burst of citrusy acids. In fact the fruit veers toward lemons, limes and grapefruits, just nudging into riper green apples and peaches.
This is a good price for a Cab so rich and supple. It's very deep in flavor, with flavors of blackberry pie filling, milk chocolate, anise and sweet oak, yet it's softly balanced and dry. Just delicious for drinking now.
Very ripe, almost raisiny, with a cooked fruit flavor, although the wine is fully dry. The tannins are on the harsh side, and the stewed character seems to accentuate the acidity. Drink now.
Sharp lime and pithy grapefruit notes accented by sour cream, chalk and limestone lead the nose of this wine from the pioneering Talley family. Nectarine, sea salt and Gravenstein apple flavors play on the palate, which strikes a happy balance between savory and tart, finishing with buttery depth.
As good as their Redwoods' Edge but meatier, denser and exuding more spice, this Pinot has a nose of leather and dark blue and red fruit, sexy texture and a long-lingering finish. It'll delight on the dinner table with pork tenderloin or leg of lamb.
Aromas of pressed yellow flowers, dried apricot, tropical fruit and a pastry note emerge on this luminous wine. The elegant palate delivers ripe Golden Delicious apple, toasted almond and a yeasty note of bread crust alongside an ultrafine perlage and tangy acidity. A hint of citrus zest closes the lingering finish.
The merest touch of dark honey appears on the nose. The palate is bright with lemon-accented but ripe pear notes. There is texture and a balanced richness. There is an inherent juiciness that makes you want more. The finish is dry and beautifully clean.
Ripe, tight and fresh, this is what everyday Merlot should be like. There's some roast meat and leather atop cherry on the nose, and behind that there's black fruit, leather, bacon and pepper flavors. A totally legitimate table wine for a good price.
Textbook amontillado aromas of butter, peanut, caramel and brine precede a fresh high-energy palate that's fueled by acidity. Nutty flavors of toffee include plenty of salt and some smoke, while this finishes long and slightly fiery.
This blend of 86% Tempranillo and 14% Graciano has sour cherry candy flavors, in a light-bodied, silky texture. It's bone dry with some unripeness.
Everyday Chard, dry and balanced, with crisp acidity, some creaminess and a touch of new oak barrel to the peaches and citrus. Could be richer and longer in flavor, though.
Sourced from the producer's Reserve Block and blended with 10% Merlot from its Hillview vineyard, this is classic Oakville Cabernet, velvety on the palate and spicy in cinnamon and clove on the nose. Blackberry, dried herb and baked cherry-plum pie all play a part in providing it with richness and complexity. Drink through 2022.
This barely-blush Pinot Noir vinified like a white wine (with no skin contact) is rapidly becoming a new Long Island classic. It's gorgeously aromatic, wafting of cherries and citrus blossom. The palate is brisk and zesty, yet mouth-filling, concentrated in crisp peach and red cherry flavors.
A really wonderful wine that's dry and robust and frankly super-drinkable. The producer, Weibel, doesn't tell us what the grapes are, but the wine is spicy and briary, with blackberry and cola flavors. Great as a by-the-glass pour.
Fresh, alluring aromas of wild berry, pressed violet, dark baking spice and a whiff of new leather all come together in the glass. The firm full-bodied palate offers ripe black cherry, mature plum, cinnamon, licorice and a hint of tobacco. Chewy tannins and bright acidity provide support and balance. Drink 2019–2027.
Firm and structured, this is a solid wine, laced with mineral acidity and tight tannins. It has a juicy, blackberry fruit component cutting through the texture. Drink this still young wine from 2014.
A barrel-selection of Susanna's, this wine has grip and yet is also silky and elegant. Cranberry and plum star on the palate, bright and plush, the acidity tightly managed and brought to life. Medium bodied, this wine has depth and breadth, finishing in clove and cardamon-dusted orange peel.
Give this fresh young Pinot a year to mellow. Right now, it's jammy in raspberries and cherries, with a citric sharpness. Needs brief time to knit together and become seamless.
Attractive toast aromas match well with the buttery, ripe fruits. This is a generous wine, although one with a line of acidity and steeliness that gives a strong texture. At the end, lemon crispness and ripe honey go well together. Drink from 2017.
Made from Auxerrois, this delightful white has heady lemon zest and grapefruit pith aromas. The flavors expand on the palate to include lemon curd, guava and mango. It finishes bright and zesty.
This is a dry Pinot Gris, very mineral in character, with crisp acidity balanced by fragrant pear and quince topped with spice. It's a crisp wine, lighter than usual for this cuvée and fresher at the end.
This wine, the first vintage produced by the Esporão winemaking team, gives fine, elegant Douro tannins along with new wood and rich flavors of damson and blackberry. It is structured, powerful and very age worthy. Keep for at least four years.
Made with 100% Schiava Gentile, this conveys subdued aromas of red berry and fragrant blue flower. The vibrant palate offers wild cherry, nectarine and a nutty note alongside bright acidity and sleek tannins. Enjoy soon.
This is a creamy wine with soft fruitiness. The roundness is happily cut with acidity and with a citrus edge that lifts the melon and pear flavors. The aftertaste is tangy and zesty. Drink now.
This blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Petit Verdot shows the great strides this winery has made in recent years. The quality of the fruit is fresh and intense, with deep layers of black cherry, chocolate and spice. The finish is rich and penetrating, with lingering barbecue spice on the finish.
The grapes were grown in the Finger Lakes, then shipped in cold storage to the winemaking facility in Napa. The wine is pleasantly crisp, with off-dry green apple, pineapple and honeysuckle flavors. Nice with grilled trout or as a cocktail.
Capture continues to make progress in interpreting their vineyard located in this new appellation, a high elevation overlooking Alexander Valley. Based on Cabernet Sauvignon, this Bordeaux-style blend is young now, with hard tannins that interfere with the fruit. The fruit is intensely concentrated with cherry compote and cassis flavors, while new oak's vanilla and toast are proportionate to the wine's volume. A worthy followup to the 2009, and a wine to cellar for 8–10 years, if not longer.
Bold and dark, this brawny wine shows beautifully evolved aromas of cured meat, leather, tar, cola and resin backed by candied fruit, pomegranate and crème de cassis. That extra muscle helps support the sharpness of the acidity, and plays a promising role in the wine's overall aging potential. Hold 5–10 years.
Juicy Castelão fruit propels this wine, giving spice, soft tannins and ripe red cherries. It is full, very accessible, its acidity adding an attractive edge of freshness. Drink now, or age a year.
Grassy citrus aromas rest comfortably on a mild, nonaggressive bouquet. A citrusy mouthfeel isn't overly bubbly, while pithy lime and tangerine flavors finish mild, with tangy acidity and a cleansing quality.
Here's a delicious Gavi with aromas of white flowers, peach and tropical fruit. The palate delivers citrus and lime flavors along with a hint of pineapple and crisp, quenching acidity. Perfect for seafood. Saranty Imports, Pleasure Elite.
Pojo del Ruspo is a mild and thin Sangiovese with sour cherry and plum at the back. The wine is well suited to very informal occasions.
92-94 Powerful tannins here, spiced with a considerable amount of new wood. The wine has richness, black chocolate burnt toast flavors along with intense sweet plum fruits.
This is a fully oaken, reserve-level wine with decadent yellow wax that's concentrated and ripe on the palate in toffee, vanilla and baked apple pie. Robust, it drinks decadently.
This wine is dull, soft with some redeeming acidity. It has weight and hints of a fresher character that might emerge by 2015.
This is a full-bodied rosé with soft red berry and tart cherry flavors intertwined with notes of white chocolate. The finish could last a bit longer. Drink up.
A good Sauvignon Blanc but not up to the standards set by previous vintages of Terrunyo. The nose is less exciting and pungent than it has been, with grassy, generic citrus aromas. The flavors are slightly green and vegetal, with asparagus mixing with green apple and melon. And it's more soft-sided than memory suggests it should be. Drink now.
Drier and better structured than your typical Paso Robles Cab, this polished wine shows an earthy, herbal edge to the cherry, blackberry and cedar flavors. Shows a Bordeaux-like finesse and elegance that's all too rare in Cabernet from this appellation.
This structured red features aromas of tilled soil and ripe berry. The palate delivers violet, mature black cherry, crushed berry and ground white pepper alongside smooth, polished tannins. It's ripe and ready, so enjoy soon.
Grapefruit, pear and vanilla mark this medium-bodied, moderately dense and youthful wine that also offers peeks of caramel and toffee midpalate. The weight and length give way to a zesty, pithy finish.
This is a fabulous late harvest tour de force blend of Chardonnay, Pinot Bianco, Pinot Grigio and aromatic Traminer that sees some new oak for extra depth and dimension. The trick here is that fruit comes from a high altitude vineyard so you get bright, crisp acidity beyond those syrupy sweet tones of peach, apricot, marzipan, dried mint and natural rubber. The wine leaves the palate very clean, yet its sweet flavors last a long, long time.
You'll discover alluring aromas of grilled herb, saddle leather, cured meat and ripe berry in this enticing red. The palate is succulent and juicy, offering red cherry, crushed raspberry, white pepper and clove flavors. It's buttressed by bright acidity and youthfully firm, refined tannins for balance and a structure built for ageing. Drink 2018–2028.
Dryness and tannins mark this Cabernet, giving it some austerity and astringency. But lurking deep below the surface is a vast underground landscape of blackberry fruit, cassis, plums, olives, herbs and oak. Fascinating and intricate and a little heady, but undrinkable now due to immaturity. Needs 5–6 years to show its stuff.
Patience will reward those who wait for this stunning wine to reveal itself. It's initially smoky and closed, but time and aeration bring out penetrating black-cherry and berry flavors. It's such a seductively perfumed wine with a lingering finish nuanced by spice and violet petals. High-toned acidity and fine upright tannins will keep this wine lively for many years to come.
A blend of Nero d'Avola and other Sicilian grapes, this features fruity aromas of dark berry and a whiff of graphite. The savory, straightforward palate offers up ripe black cherry and juicy blackberry, with notes of ground white pepper in the background. Soft tannins provide easy-drinking texture.
93-95 Barrel sample. A solid, almost chunky wine, but well balanced, the tannins fine and tight. The overall effect is of a wine that is warm and ripe, but there is also a tension there.
Banana, clove and orange peel open for this sweet, slightly dilute white. Short finish of spring flowers.
Dark and dense from the get-go. Initial earth, black plum, tomato and smoke aromas air out nicely with a bit of time, exposing a complex connoisseur's wine that is the perfect candidate for three to five years in the cellar. Now it has such a pure, chewy palate that once the overt oak wears off, it'll be terrific.
This wine is smooth, soft and gently fruity, with a rounded texture that only hints at crispness. It's in an easy apéritif style.
Concentrated and smoky, with shoe polish and other black aromas. It's ultratight in the mouth, collapsing on itself more than expanding. Flavors of earth and berry are loud. Rugged feeling on the finish.
This appealing Chardonnay is the same wine that carried a reserve designation in prior vintages. It's lushly woven and has aromas and flavors of pear, pineapple and peach. The fruit is rich but not overly sweet, and sports accents of cinnamon and allspice. This balanced, medium-weight wine finishes long and easy with a nice nuttiness. Top Value.
Intense freshness and acidity follow the most delicious perfumes in this crisp wine. It shows considerable minerality, bursting with citric flavors and a mouthwatering aftertaste. Age for several years. Screwcap.
This intriguing wine shows the depth and staying power of this historic region. Aromas of grape seed, pressed boysenberry, chaparral scrub and woody fruits show on the nose, while the palate offers a leaner Concord grape flavor and a rocky, peppery grip. It is still quite tannic despite its age, meaning it may last for years to come.
Slapping “wine made from organic grapes“ on the label shouldn't be a license to market a subpar vintage Port in what was a great year in the Douro. Muddy aromas and flavors of charred fruit are barely acceptable, as is the thin, harsh finish.
Still dry, the wine is structured with dense tannins and a concentrated structure. That means that it needs time to develop and allow the fruit to speak. Give it until 2019.
High acidity makes this wine taste bright, fruity and light. There is only a hint of dry tannin to the red currant flavor.
This Prosecco stands out in a crowd thanks to its strong concentration of pear-like aromas. That pear note is embellished by similar tones of Golden Delicious apple, almond and melon. Great personality and persistency in the mouth.
Dusty, leesy aromas of lime and vanilla come with hints of peach pit and white flowers. This feels juicy, lean and scouring, while lemon is key on a one-note flavor profile. A long, minerally, citric finish leaves tang and clarity.
A rich, ripe concentrated wine, packed with red plum and cherry fruits, lightly layered with tannins. The wine is immediately attractive, juicy, ready to drink.
Violet, spiced plum, truffle and new leather aromas lead the nose. The palate is firmly structured, offering up espresso, licorice and raspberry jam flavors, while close-grained tannins give an austere impression on finish. Cellar for another year or two, then drink to capture the remaining fruit.
A finely structured wine with dusty tannins surrounded by attractive black currant fruits. Wood flavors give extra complexity to a wine that has fine juicy acidity and spice. Age for two years, but can be enjoyed now.
Initially, lemony aromas and flower notes stir interest, while the palate has a medium-to-full feel and pumped-up melon and floral flavors. But with time it grows softer, more pithy and dull. Ultimately it lacks spine and purity of flavors, but how much can you expect from a $10 La Mancha white?
This opens with earthy, almost funky aromas of game, leather, blue flower and tilled soil. The palate offers red cherry, black raspberry and baking spices balanced by brisk acidity and firm tannins. Drink now through 2016.
Although those superfirm tannins do pop up on the end, this is a relatively smooth and fruit-forward expression of the austere Aglianico variety. Blackberry and maraschino cherry is surrounded by a drying aromatic embroidery of mineral and powdered spice.
This is a balanced wine that is quite ready to drink now. It has black fruits, soft tannins and a deliciously juicy character. It's full bodied, but has a lively, fresh acidity on the finish.
Hailing from Korcula, the birthplace of Marco Polo, this Croatian white has aromas of lemon preserves and caramelized pineapple. There are flavors of dried apricot and vanilla on the entry, with a burst of green apple in the midpalate.
Red cherry, caramelized black cherry, roasted pork and wet slate show on the rich, smoky nose of this bottling by Doug Margerum. Tight pomegranate, strawberry and hibiscus touches appear once sipped, and the palate packs lots of earthy flavors. It's acid-rich and dynamically layered, so drink from 2018–2024.
Plush, forward black cherry and plum flavors get a firm bristle of tannins in this rich but structured red. Hints of coffee grounds and rubber lend an earthy complexity to the mid palate. The finish is brisk but clean.
A medium-sweet wine with 2.19% residual sugar, this has a sweetness like ripe white peach topped by a honeysuckle rose, but it remains light and never cloying. The nutty finish begs for blue cheese.
Exotic to the point that one wonders whether other varieties have been blended in, with spicy hints of cardamom, cinnamon and clove, followed by ripe melon flavors. At least this is not a bland, neutral effort, although it may have a touch of residual sugar. Drink now.
A nice, enjoyable wine as it always is, but seems broader, rounder and less from a single place than it has in the past. Black cherry comes back on the palate, enlaced with a rocky, minerally quality. Still a very good value for the money. Imported by Negociants USA, Inc.
This Dijon-clone wine is well defined and complex. The mixed fruit flavors bring lime and lemon, pineapple and pear together. It's supple and long, with balanced supporting acids and a pleasing goodnight kiss of toasted marshmallows.
Produced from 25-year-old vines, this is a fresh as well as ripe wine, well balanced between herbal flavors and white and citrus fruitiness. It has a rounded texture that is juicy as well as full in the mouth. The wine is ready to drink.
This native variety (pronounced Chair-say-ghy Foo-seh-resh) produces a wine loaded with lemon, from the lemon Pine-Sol nose to the lemon custard mouth and tart lemon finish. Despite the lemon, it's round in the mouth, with some spice notes. Imported by MHW, Ltd.
This is slightly exotic in terms of herb and spice aromas and a note of coconutty oak. It feels blocky and tannic, but forward, with flavors of baked berry, cinnamon and chocolate. The finish is creamy feeling, oaky and spicy. Drink now–2014.
A bit heavy on the oak, with vanilla, caramel and buttered toast aromas and flavors. But the pineapple and apple fruit is nice and ripe, and the finish is rich in spicy honey.
Contempo is a fresh and lean expression of Nero d'Avola from western Sicily that opens with aromas of wild berry, rose petal and toasted almond. It's a simple red wine that would pair with pasta or easy meat dishes.
Citrus and tropical fruits dominate this rich wine, while the wood gives caramel. Full and mouthfilling, this is rounded, the acidity veering towards softness. The toast and white plum skins give structure to an open, generous wine.
Aromas of plum, black currant and blackberry are heightened by dried cranberry, with hints of bell pepper and white pepper. Firm tannins on the palate are balanced by the acidity, with brambly flavors of blackberry and plenty of pepper. The tannins linger through the finish, with note of white pepper and bramble.
This wine shows a richer, smoother mouthfeel than others of its ilk. The nose is nicely toasty, with tropical fruit aromas and mint. Flavors are similar, dealing out nicely oaked fruit that goes down easily.
Plush and full best describe this offering from Australia's western coast. Starts with clove and licorice aromas, then tastes of the essence of berry fruit. It borders on jammy and syrupy, yet pulls back with some edginess. But not too much—it's creamy and thick, with soft oak and milk chocolate.
Aromas jump between ripe plum and a dark earthy character, from graphite to wet slate. There is a quite a lot of zing on the palate, perhaps even a touch of carbonation, with flavors of cola and sassafras settling on a blackberry-juice backbone.
Though labeled as a red blend, at 94% this could be a varietally labeled Merlot and it drinks like it. Aromas of cocoa, raspberry and spice box are followed by plump, soft chocolate and raspberry flavors accented by tart acids that hold the balance through the finish.
Off-dry and stainless steel fermented, it carries some volatile scents in the nose. Bubble gum and candied orange flavors quickly turn bitter as the wine flattens out in the mouth.
A little sweet for my taste, with pineapple and peach flavors that taste sugary, but the acidity is bright and crisp. With just a touch of oak, it's a pleasant everyday wine.
A fresh, juicy wine, with attractive acidity, red berry flavors and a layer of well balanced tannins. Very perfumed, with hints of mineral and final acidity.
This ripe wine rolls around the mouth, showing fresh acidity, but also black plums and bitter chocolate which gives spice. It's an attractive wine with a soft personality, full of comfortable velvet folds.
This fresh, spicy Tokaji starts with a nose of lemon and apricot, followed by flavors of delicate citrus, vanilla and spice. Viscous but clean, with a lingering nutty finish.
This wine is big in tannin, extracted and full bodied, with dense blueberry and maple syrup at its core. For fans of a rich style, it will impress for  its ripe, dark fruit and sizable yet velvety mouthfeel.
Gorgeously lifted, fresh notes of lemon and mandarin peel make for a zesty opening. The midpalate fizzes with citric energy and is so tightly wound that this wine needs time in the cellar so the fruit can express itself. Drink 2017–2025.
Exuberant notes of tropical passion fruit rise from the glass in this unusually aromatic Grüner Veltliner. Citrusy freshness pervades everything, giving lively direction to the bright, slightly spritzy palate. The finish is zesty, clean and refreshing.
A blend of organically farmed Chardonnay and Incrocio Manzoni, partly fermented and aged in terra-cotta amphora, this unusual but intriguing wine opens with aromas of Bartlett pear, pressed white flower and tangerine zest. The aromas carry over to the lively cloudy palate together with a touch of ginger and a hint of sea salt. Bright acidity lends balance.
All the elements are present in this young wine. It has plenty of red fruit, touches of plum and spice. The tannins are firm while leaving plenty of room for the fruit. A wine that will be comfortably drinkable from 2018.
This hefty but sluggish Cabernet Sauvignon-led blend opens with forceful aromas of earthy, herbal red-berry fruits and sweet oak. Chunky, thick and almost syrupy in feel, this tastes of herbal plum and spiced berry fruits. The longer it rests, the fatter and chunkier it gets. This warm-vintage has weight issues.
An excellent Bordeaux-style blend of Cabernet, Merlot and Cab Franc that sings a pretty tune. Concentrated but pleasantly fruity, with cherry, raspberry and chocolate aromas and flavors. A long, developed finish with a core of spice and smoke cements this wine's position as a winner and a fine bargain. From a 10,000-case, family-owned Maipo operation that's worth watching.
This is a lean wine that seems to be missing the fruit. It has an austere quality with a strongly tannic element and mineral acidity.
This big, rugged 60-40 blend may dry out if cellared too long, so drink it young with rare beef to help tame the substantial tannins. Smoke, dried-herb and black-currant flavors should mesh nicely with your next roast. —J.C.
This is crisp, with citrus and red apple fruits that are heightened by the taut structure. Nervy acidity adds to the tense feel while judicious layers of wood warm the finish. For long-term aging.
The color of this Malbec and the legs it gives off help separate it from the pack. A plush nose shows unabsorbed oak and char along with deep berry and cassis notes. Total saturation on the palate matches the nose, and this tastes of chocolate, mocha, wood spice and rich berry fruits. Oak is currently speaking the loudest on the finish. Drink through 2023.
A clean, nice, regular Tempranillo with normal black cherry and berry aromas that offer hints of rubber and bacon. The palate is tannic and grabby but balanced for the most part, with pure, basic blackberry and cherry flavors. Modest in its scope, but fresh and untainted.
Aromas of resin, nail polish remover and violet lead the nose while the nervous palate delivers raw red cherry, toasted oak, coconut and cooking spice. It lacks fruit richness and the bracing, astringent tannins give it a choppy finish.
From a Lebanese winemaker, a jammy Pinot tasting of cherries, blueberries, black raspberries and dusty oriental spices, especially clove. It is dry, with lively acids and silky tannins.
Spicy earthy briary aromas include a note of cola along with requisite berry and cassis scents. A slightly choppy mouthfeel and flavors of blueberry, cardamom, herbs and oak define the palate, while this finishes fruity and open. Drink through 2024.
Lush and opulent, with South Coast notes of tomato, cola and beet, crushed hard spices and earth and some pretty black-cherry fruit. It drinks very soft, almost disembodied, with scarcely a tannin to be found, and low acidity. It's elegant, but could use some more crispness and structure.
A soft, luscious style, very easy, full of red fruits. The tannins do offer a core of tension, but then smooth vanilla and toast come through, leaving a fresh, rounded, raspberry-flavored wine.
This opens with prickly herbal-plum and red-fruit aromas. The palate feels blocky, with thick tannins, and the flavor profile offers black fruit in front of a resiny, dry finish that comes with overt oak influence.
A little light in flavor and rustic, but the price isn't bad for a dry, robust Zin with decent cherry-berry flavors. The alcohol is low, and the finish is pleasant.
Light and easy on the nose with hibiscus, cranberry and pomegranate notes, this bottling from a famous vineyard also picks up some crushed slate aromas as well. Compared to the many rich bottlings from this region, this is rather reserved on the sip, with tart cranberry, peppery spice and black tea flavors.
This blend offers flavors of blackberry jam, pastry spice, plum and licorice. It's full bodied, with a sturdy structure and forward flavors. The medium-to-long finish offers a spiced-berry note. Pair this with barbecued ribs or grilled New York strips.
This is a round full style of rosé. As a result, it is also soft and rich. The balance between the ripe strawberry fruits and the crisper acidity is just right. Drink this wine now.
Hard tannins, dryness and oakiness are the three horsemen that mark this young, vital Cabernet. Is it ageworthy? Absolutely. Once the fruit kicks in, which is pretty much instantly, it's devastatingly rich and spicy in blackberries, blueberries and cassis. Clearly a cellar candidate for at least the next decade.
Tropical on the nose, with lychee fruit and tangerine aromas. The palate is easygoing and fairly thorough, while the flavor profile suggest Argentine Torrontés as it deals lychee, powdered sugar and papaya. Clean, light, quaffable and that's about it.
Concentrated and full bodied wine, this has weight and ripe yellow- and white-fruit flavors, cut with acidity and a shaft of steel. Around the tough core, the wine is softer and richer. Still aging, this needs 2–3 years.
Mature notes of ripe peach and apricot immediately give this dessert wine's sunny, southern roots away. From sun-drenched Campania Felix, this is a viscous, syrupy treat with concentrated notes of fruit and nuts: almond, roasted chestnut and even a touch of peanut skin. This vintage is syrupy sweet in the mouth, but not as crisp.
Deep berry aromas combine seamlessly with sweet notes of marzipan and complex accents of balsam wood on what is an inviting, rich nose. This is rewardingly bright and structured on the palate, where blackberry, boysenberry and plum flavors carry onto a full, long finish. This is high-end, ripe Malbec. Drink through 2018.
An extensive aging program has beautifully shaped this Brunello. The wine shows balanced notes of fruit and spice with a smooth, silky texture. The density is not too thick or overdone and the wine would pair with pasta or risotto.
This crisp, dry and elegant wine is light-bodied, with delicate bread dough and flower aromas, citrus flavors and gentle effervescence. It's smooth, clean and delicious.
This bottling has had its problems over the years, and while Barber's '12 is their best effort to date, it's still troubled. The fruit is overripe, with raisin and prune notes and bitter raisin-skin tannins. Still, you can gulp it down with barbecue.
This Bordeaux-style blend that is three-fifths Cabernet Sauvignon, has light berry flavors and a wash of new oak. Mocha and toast and chocolate smother the fruit, which fades quickly. If you love chocolaty reds, you will find this wine delightful.
Bright, bouncy aromas of cherry and pomegranate are mild, dusty and typical of a carbonic macerated Tempranillo. This feels chewy and plump, but simple. Medicinal cherry and raspberry flavors are spunky on the finish.
The typical fat, buttery flavors are balanced here by elegance and freshness. With its honey, melon and pear tastes, come fresh acidity and a underlying layer of vanilla from the wood.
Simple citrus freshness brightens nose and palate, the refreshment factor enhanced by ample spritz. This will make an ideal light-bodied and fun apéritif on a hot day. Drink soon.
Winemaker: Louis Nel. This Cab-Shiraz blend is somewhat closed at present, with muted dark-fruit aromas that suggest blackberry, boysenberry and plum. Mouthfilling, gripping tannins produce a tight, firm structure, while hints of blackcurrant liqueur, bittersweet chocolate and cigar box softly unfold on the close. This should develop and become more pronounced with some time in the cellar; try after 2020.
Good price for a wine this rich and pleasing. With masses of blackberries, cherries, currants, anise and cedar folded into firm tannins, it's ready to drink now. Just might be the best value you'll find in a Spring Mountain wine, red or white.
An impressively complex wine for one with only a village appellation. There is a definite minerality mixed with lime and other citrus flavors. A hint of wood spice, stone fruits, green plums and a fine concentration. Imported by Robert Kacher Imports. Editors' Choice.
This offers aromas suggesting scorched earth, stalky underbrush, leather and steeped prune. The palate shows raisin, cassis and a hint of espresso alongside raspy tannins that leave an astringent finish.
This shows the combo of a cool vintage and deft winemaking. It's impressively deep in citrus, fig and pepper flavors, with just a touch of oak that adds a nice, smoky edge. With high acidity, it really gets those tastebuds whistling. Best of all, the wine achieves the Holy Grail: low alcohol, only 13%, and bone dryness.
Layered tannins and wood flavors have tended to smother the fruit in this wine. That gives a dry, tough character not promising much for the future.
A fresh, smoky, lightly-acidic Saumur Champigny, maybe without great depth, but with vibrant red fruits. Enjoy this year.
Soft and a little dull, but tasty in cherry, tobacco and spice flavors. The finish is hot with high alcohol, yet there's a pleasant sweetness throughout.
Black pepper, anise, boysenberry and a bit of juniper combine for a slightly funky, somewhat reductive nose on this blend of 46% Grenache, 23% Petite Sirah, 23% Syrah, 6% Carignane and 2% Mourvèdre. There's an ample amount of blackberry jam and chopped Italian herbs on the palate, with an asphalt character in the midpalate and a somewhat tart finish.
This is a soft, simple wine. Although it has an attractive silkiness and savory raspberry, cola and cinnamon flavors, it's a little one-dimensional, so drink up.
A creamy, wood-dominated dry wine; the honey and floral flavors of the Chenin are lost at this stage. But there's a good hint of balance, and the spicy wood tastes will tone down in 18 months.
A step up in quality from the 2008—not surprising given the relative strength of the vintage. A flinty note accents nectarine and grapefruit flavors in this light- to medium-bodied offering, lingering nicely on the finish.
Thick and concentrated, this robust wine doles out stewed prune, cherry marinated in spirits, chocolate and a confectionary note alongside the burn of evident alcohol. There's a lot heft here but not much vibrancy or balance.
Lemon pith and ripe peach aromas are clouded under a distinctly medicinal tone of baby aspirin. While there is nice roundness to the palate and balanced acidity to boot, the flavors are mild showings of orchard fruit and lemon curd.
Earth, leather and mildly stewed aromas greet you, and right away one can tell this wine came from a warm vintage. It has integrity and depth but maybe it still couldn't escape what 2003 threw at it. Why do we say that? The acidity seems higher than normal, maybe because of early picking, and it lacks the pure-pleasure quotient that we look for in higher-priced Bierzo wines.
Floral aromas of acacia and Spanish broom mingle with yellow stone fruit and toasted nut. On the medium-bodied palate, a note of bitter almond underscores ripe apricot and tangerine zest. Fresh acidity lifts the rich flavors.
A Bordeaux-style blend made from 50% Cab Sauv, 30% Merlot and 20% Cab Franc and aged in new French oak for 24 months, this ripe and lush wine is ready for drinking now with easygoing black cherry and blackberry fruit aromas and flavors laced with notes of pepper, licorice root, tobacco leaf and soft leather. The creamy mouthfeel is given structure with medium tannins and balanced acidity.
Here's a good value in the world of Spätlese, with a clean, pretty nose of talcum powder and baby's breath. There's nice mineral intensity and an off-dry, mouth-puckering finish. This easy-to-like wine would be a good choice to serve as an apéritif to a crowd.
Another fine example of Bechthold's dry-farmed, old, gnarled-vine beauty in a glass, this wine is light in color and high-toned in cherry and rhubarb fruit. Buoyed by acidity, the finish offers just a light seasoning of pepper.
This very rich, wood-aged wine is dense and powerful. The power takes away from the natural balance of a Bordeaux, giving dark tannins that dominate. Spice from the wood is also a strong element. It will round out, but will remain very ripe.
Bramble and green tobacco notes are part of the bouquet, as is rubbery dark fruit. The palate is smooth in feel but a little herbal and leafy, with a mix of berry fruit and mild green notes.
Aromas are of light, fresh pineapple and a little petrol, and pineapple flavors persist on the palate. It's crisp and minerally in the mouth, and finishes with a gooseberry-green brightness.
This is a strongly tannic, obviously wood-aged wine. The black fruits are paralleled by the new-wood toastiness, which gives a vanilla flavor. With top Portuguese consultant Anselmo Mendes involved, the wine has style as well as weight and dense fruit. Give it several years to mature. Drink from 2017.
Sweet and fruity, this canned wine feels soft and syrupy, with sugary pear as the primary flavor on the palate. It's a basic white wine in a convenient package.
Wisps of smoke and slate extend savory, mineral contrasts to sun-kissed grapefruit and tangerine flavors in this penetrating dry Riesling. It's nervy and brisk, anchored by strikes of lime and lemon acidity and a lingering, steely finish. It's a powerful wine that should continue to improve through 2025.
This is Steve MacRostie's vineyard, located in the far northwest of the appellation, practically in Sonoma Coast. Their '04 strikes me as a little heavy and obvious now, but that may be a function of its relative youth. The wine is dry and crisp, with jammy raspberry, cherry, cola and spice flavors. Could do interesting things in the next 3–5 years.
Enormously rich and ripe, this is almost oversized, with flavors of pineapple and tropical-fruit pie filling, vanilla, honey and buttered toast. Balance to its opulence comes in the form of tart, citrusy acidity and a bracing minerality. It will last for 56 years, but it's really best now for its freshness.
Core berry aromas are fresh and solid, while nuances of wild herbs, leather and smoky rubber give this Malbec some character out of the chute. A jammy, fairly lush palate gives flavors of plum, raspberry and cassis. On the finish, this is solid and doesn't change much. Drink at any point over the next few years.
This salmon-colored, no-dosage bubbly is peachy, dusty and yeasty on the nose, with strong whiffs of sulfur and scrambled egg. A clunky, foamy palate comes across as clumsy, while peach and melon flavors are a touch bitter and mealy. Papaya and savory barbecued notes drive the finish, which has a bitter element.
Awkward, with early aromatics akin to sauerkraut. Airing doesn't totally shake that funky character, and the fruit seems on the cooked side. Acceptable mouthfeel. Imported by Winesellers Ltd.
Strawberry and cherry aromas lead in to this layered but brisk rosé from Drama. On the palate, spices, tropical fruit and a finish of salinity give the wine elegant character. A delicious and versatile pour with exotic notes.
Light, bright and fruity, this has soft tannins, plenty of red fruits and balancing acidity. Just dry to finish, it is ready to drink now.
Made from Bordeaux varieties and Syrah, this is marked by powerful fruit flavors and some degree of sophistication. It floods the mouth with extracted blackberry, cherry, currant and Canadian bacon notes, with a dash of black pepper. Drink it over the next year or two. It should be relatively easy to find, with 10,000 cases produced.
This hearty blend of Aglianico, Merlot and Syrah (the name Tréje stands for “three”) opens with superripe notes of blackberry preserves and strawberry jam along with loads of tobacco, leather and dark spice. This deeply penetrating wine would pair with game meat or lamb stew.
Coda, the second label of Cadence, moves in a completely different direction in 2006, when the estate vineyard came into production. Coda is now a blend of estate (Cara Mia), Tapteil and Ciel du Cheval, all top Red Mountain sites. The Petit Verdot, a third of the blend, is all from Cara Mia; the rest of the blend is divided among Cabernet Sauvignon, Cab Franc and Merlot. This 2006 Coda is bursting with mixed red and black fruits, polished, spicy and detailed. The tannins are smooth, and the fruit is powerful and forward.
Here's a nicely elegant and balanced Dolcetto with fresh fruit layers backed by tight tannins. Try this easy-natured wine with pepperoni pizza or pasta with sausage and tomato sauce.
Softened by the addition of 18% Merlot and 3% Cabernet Franc, this wine is juicy and expressive in a twinge of dark bark, tobacco and leather. Luscious and richly satisfying in berry goodness, it's seamless in tannin and texture, with plenty of complexity, as well as lovely accents of black pepper.
This bottling is the winery's most expensive wine, and usually its best. Production of the '08 was unusually low, resulting in amazing concentration. It's basically a detonation of cherries, raspberries, currants, cola and mocha. New oak is present, in the form of delicate toast and wood spice, but is balanced. So silky and delicious now, you can drink it, but the tannic balance suggests the cellar. Will evolve over the next 12 years, maybe longer.
Doesn't say “dry” on the label, like so many others do, but it really is basically dry, which allows the palate to savor the pure fruit of the grape and the beautifully crisp acids. This really is one of the most balanced Rieslings in California, with a slate and petrol edge to the green apple, pineapple, nectarine and wildflower flavors. If you like aging your whites, it should effortlessly glide through the next 10 years in a cool cellar.
The aromas bring notes of toasty spices, black currant, green pepper and blue fruit. The fruit and smoke flavors are smooth and easy drinking, with lightly grainy tannins providing support. It needs some more time to fully come together.
Bésoleil remains Grenache-dominated, but this new vintage includes 14% Syrah, 10% Mourvèdre, and (for the first time) 9% Cinsault. Bright and penetrating, the brilliant raspberry fruit is the star here, tart and fresh, with the juiciness of a young Zinfandel.
91-93. Barrel sample. Showing the acidity and fresh fruit of the vintage, this wine has both structure and density. It's well-made, showing just the right amount of fruit and a judicious use of wood.
The high percentage of Cabernet Franc makes itself known in this wine with tobacco leaf and tomato skin aromas on the nose. The palate is dense, with black cherry and plum flavors. The gripping tannins turn a bit astringent on the finish. Try with steak or hamburgers.
Big and lush, this has graphite, coconut, minty oak and huge berry fruit aromas. It's plush in the mouth but not wayward or overly big, with roasted plum, ­molasses, leather and raspberry flavors and a forward barrel note. Savory and long on the finish, this is a blend of 40% Monastrell, 30% Tempranillo and 15% each Syrah and Cabernet.
A soft wine that is full of strawberry fruits to go with a sweet citrus edge. The wine has good acidity, in a light apéritif style with pure final raspberry juice.
Firm wood and mint flavors push through the ripe black-currant note, producing a wine that has both structure and fruit. It's ready to drink, although it could age a year.
Quite green and also raisiny, which doesn't really compute seeing that one indicates underripeness and the other overripeness. But throw both together and you get a wine that's not all that pleasing and seems to be striving for equilibrium. Gummy, green and thick-tasting in the mouth. A hard wine to get excited about.
Basically a second label of Seresin, this is a medium-bodied, crisp Pinot Noir with bright cherry-berry fruit, a slightly briary, peppery quality and hints of button mushroom. It should drink well for the next few years.
This deliciously crisp estate-produced wine is full of the freshest strawberry fruits. It dances with its acidity and light touch of spice. From one of the largest private vineyards in France (2,300 acres), the wine is ready to drink.
There's a lot to like in this dense and impactful wine, a mix of softly layered black plum and raspberry with a powerful bouquet of violet. Medium bodied, it finishes fresh and pillowy.
This is a pretty Pinot that's light and silky on the palate, and comforting in its moderate alcohol and spicy, exotic flavors. It offers waves of wild forest berry pie, baking spice, sweet-and-sour persimmon and sandalwood flavors that are intriguingly complex. Absolutely delightful now.
This good-value wine done in a light and lovely style offers flavors of red berries and cherry cola highlighted by toasted hazelnuts. A touch of café crème leads into a softly focused finish.
Refreshing in acids and citrus zest, this wine finishes semi-sweet with flavors of spearmint, fig and melon. It's a nice cocktail wine, or try one to with a honey-baked ham.
White flowers, green apple, pear, lime and mineral notes come together on this linear, lightly sparkling wine. Refermenting in the bottle on its yeasts gives it a slightly cloudy appearance and a fine sediment at the bottom. It has a dry, almost austere finish.
93–95. Barrel sample. Complex, rounded and full bodied, this wine is still reticent at the moment, hiding its rich fruit. As it develops, this will be impressive, with it's mineral texture over apricot fruits and layers of spice and wood.
The Merlot certainly does its job here of smoothing out the Baga tannins. Together, they yield a soft, red fruit-flavored wine with minimal tannins and juicy acidity, adding a burst of flavor on the finish. Drink now.
A ripe, soft wine, one that's creamy on the palate. There is just a touch of caramel, but the main flavors are of crystallized lemons, pears and honey. This is delicious, fresh, and a great aperitif wine.
A firm texture, ripe flavors and good sense of balance help put this wine on an equal footing with very good wines from other grape varieties. Juicy blackberry meets dark chocolate on the palate and both linger on the finish.
From the newly created Vittoria appellation in Sicily, this bright white wine opens with citrus, crushed almond, peach and exotic fruit. The mouthfeel is fresh, compact and tight.
A little heavy and reedy smelling, with plum and eggy, yeasty aromas. The palate has a good but regular feel and nectarine and raspberry flavors. It's a touch foamy and overactive on the tongue, with a finish of cherry cola and pepper dust.
An upfront aroma of red currant leads the bouquet of this wine, with a secondary hint of bell pepper that carries over to the palate. It has a tight core of red cherry and raspberry flavors alongside some green vegetal notes and brash tannins.
Tight and vertical, this is veined with licorice, tobacco and vanilla, threading through the tart, wild mountain berry fruit. Smoke and black tea, with a whiff of barnyard, seep into the finish. Needs extra breathing time.
This complex wine lists no fewer than eight different clones in the blend, harvested at an average of just 1.8 tons/acre. The winery suggests that it is their most ageworthy Pinot Noir, and the structure of this young wine would support that assertion. It's tight, hard, compact with black fruits, smoke and chewy tannins. It's a wine that needs time to stretch its considerable muscles. The roughly 50/50 mix of new and once-used barrels adds baking chocolate, licorice and charred toast to the finish; well-integrated and buttressed with crisp acids. But the lingering flavor is of raspberry jam; so good you want to spread it directly on your tongue.
A simple Chardonnay, full in the mouth, spoiled by touches of sulphur. The wine should develop and bring out the ripe peach flavors that are lying beneath the surface.
A fresh, lively nose and clean, elegant flavors give this Chardonnay a food-friendly, easy-sipping feel. Pretty and dependable, it will pair well with grilled seafood and light salads.
Here's a delicious brut. Dry and fruity, it has forward flavors of Key limes, pineapple zest, brioche, vanilla and spices. The bubbles are a bit scoury. Easy to find, with 22,800 cases produced.
This inexpensive sparkling wine features a slightly honeyed, floral bouquet that shows a touch of spicy complexity. The soft melon and pineapple flavors lack acidic cut and finish short.
Lush and delicious, if a little soft, with palate-flattering flavors of black currants, milk chocolate and cedar, and sweet herbs like dill and sage. Very smooth and seductive. Doesn't seem to have the structure for aging, but an elegant wine for now.
Fantastically sized. Floods the palate with massive flavors of berries, fruits and spices, massive in length and depth. For all this sweet ripeness the wine is dry, while acids and tannins are silky and fine. A stunning Pinot Noir that breaks out into whole new dimensions for the varietal.
A stylish, fashionable wine that feels plump and rich and classy in the mouth. It's a bit too soft, but shows lovely flavors of cherries, red currants, mocha and sweet oak, and the finish is thoroughly dry. Drink now.
Villa Rubini's golden Picolit dessert wine opens with a thick, dense mouthfeel and bright aromas of orange zest, candied fruit and crème caramel. Pair this wine with savory, aged cheese.
This is a rich, generous and rounded wine. The opulent feel is balanced by a strongly mineral texture. Old vines give concentration while also allowing for great freshness. It needs to age further. Drink from 2017.
A kindler, gentler style of trocken, with medium body, harmonious notes of smoke, truffle and honey and lively spice notes (think pepper, ginger) on the finish.
Now definitely mature, even drying up, this wine needs to be drunk now. It has developed a dry, tannic character, woody and stalky, although its balance is still there and the aftertaste has some juiciness.
This wine is dry and smoky, with serious tannins. It is concentrated, with bitter chocolate flavors from the wood aging.
For an Australian Grenache, this has an invitingly cool, herbal bouquet, hinting at dried flowers and black tea. But it's unapologetically full-bodied and rich on the palate, adding black cherries and dark chocolate to the mix. It's warm, velvety and almost fudge-like on the finish yet not raisiny at all. Drink it over ?the next few years.
Malbec is on the list of allowed grapes in Bordeaux but is rarely found now because it used to be difficult to ripen. This rich, structured wine shows that the situation has changed. It's ripe, full of black fruit and likely to mature well. Drink from 2018.
Fragrant with lime, stone, apricot and flowers, this Gewürztraminer is deliciously dry and slightly crisp yet full bodied. A slight spiciness marks the finish, with a note of lime salt. It should pair well with a roast chicken and spicy stuffing.
Made up of 82% Cabernet Sauvignon, 15% Malbec and 3% Petit Verdot, this is a still-tight expression of raspberry and cassis that veers into graphite and cedar, earthy on the back palate. Shining in Rutherford's classic dustiness, this wine can develop further in the bottle and in the glass, so let it open.
This is the Betz Family winery's Red Mountain Syrah. Supple, firm, compact, with black olive, mineral, red licorice, currant and pomegranate fruits. It adds bass notes of rock, iron and clay rather than the more earthy, composty flavors of the La Serenne, with a finish that's dusty, tannic, herbal, earthy and slightly metallic.
A charming wine with lots of Pinot character. Flavors range from cherries and berries to rose, tobacco, coffee and peppery spice. A little on the thin side, it's very light and soft in the mouth, and is not built for age. But it's fun and enjoyable now.
The wildness and heat of Zinfandel are restrained to good effect in this elegant, supple but concentrated version. Aromas and flavors of raspberry and black cherry lead to cinnamon and clove on the tasty finish, which lasts a long time. Should pair well with most meats and with tomato-based sauces.
With a high proportion of generous Alicante Bouschet in the blend, this is a big, bold wine. It has smoky flavors showing a meaty character that's enhanced by 12 months wood aging. Generous tannins give a rich, structured character. It could still do with some aging, so drink from 2017.
This fresh, crisp wine has a light salmon-pink color. It bursts with attractive red and citrus fruits to give a bright character plus tight acidity. Drink now.
Full and round, this accessible wine features fruit flavors of peach and apricot, wrapped in a caramel cloak. It's soft, open and fleshy.
Aged in wood (there is no doubt about that from aroma and palate), this is potentially a rich, smooth, oily textured wine. At the moment, the wood dominates so give it a year for the fruit to broaden out to make a rich and delicious wine.
Dry and silky, this shows classic Russian River flavors of red cherries, red currants, cranberries, cola and pomegranates, with plenty of savory spices. The tannins are currently very strong; there will certainly be development over the next 5–6 years.
This is a smooth, rich Cabernet whose fruity flavors are upfront, yet it has the complex, upscale structure of a great wine. With classic blackberry and crème de cassis flavors, it's almost as good as its more expensive vineyard-designated brethren from Janzen, at half the price.
A very smoky, meaty, heavily oaked style of Ribera Del Duero, and one that never reaches a level where the fruit can escape the oak boundaries. Yes, the palate has berry flavors and snap, but there's also a ton of pepper, vanilla and burnt spices that keep it under wraps. And the bet here is that time will not make it better.
Reticent for a 2001. The nose is leathery, with more smoked meat and tomato than bright fruit. Quite classical in style, blending 70% Sangiovese with 30% Cabernet. Tart cherry and cranberry control the palate, which has a nice center cut of fruit but not a lot of obvious charm. More of a connoisseur's wine than mainstream juice.
This is a fresh, fruit-driven rendering of Pinot Noir, marked by cherry-berry flavors and appealing hints of roses and salad greens. It's medium-bodied, with a silky texture that lingers on the finish.
There is a mineral texture to this wine with its blend of almost equal Sauvignon Blanc and Sémillon. It is tight, structured and needs to age with its crisp acidity and warmer tropical fruits. Drink from 2016.
Bright and crisp with tart berry aromas, this Chianti Rufina offers simple tastes followed by easy freshness, smoothness and overall mouthfeel.
2011 is another excellent vintage for this unique and aromatic blend from Brian Carter. The mix is 51% Viognier, 35% Roussanne and 14% Riesling, and it offers a riot of scents and flavors; a rotating Ferris wheel with lemon skin, beeswax, orange peel, tangerine, succulent lime and ripe pear. It's flat out luxurious, long and lissome.
This is a big, bold wine with a wild, slightly earthy and herbal character in the otherwise ripe blackberry and spicy pepper aromas and flavors. The texture is quite thick with tannins, and the body is full. It comes from the windy and cool Jameson Canyon corner of Napa Valley.
Soft and lightly fruity, this has an underlying chalkiness. That chalky sensation runs across the palate and seems to mute the other flavors, such as herb, which are on the light side.
Initially this seems to be a delicious, mature wine, relatively dry but happily flavored with honey and spice. But there is a curious candy shop perfume that spoils the aftertaste.
A tough, common wine, gritty in tannins, with superripe blackberry flavors that veer into bitter raisinskins and dark, unsweetened baker's chocolate. Not going anywhere.
This wine opens with aromas of citrus, grapefruit and stone fruit. The palate offers yellow peach and mineral alongside sharp acidity. It has a bitter, nutty finish.
A proud signature of Molise, Don Luigi Riserva is a lovely Montepulciano-based wine—with 10% Aglianico—that opens with dark aromas of leather, tobacco, bitter chocolate and plump blackberry. It delivers solid tannins backed by smooth concentration.
This is a young and fruity Champagne, bursting with red fruits and the lightest of tannins. With its salmon-pink color, it is tangy and crisp, moving towards dry in its style. The aftertaste is fruity with a zing of acidity.
Dark garnet in color, this wine has aromas of black cherry and lingonberry. Flavors of blackberry, cherry and green pepper are mildly outweighed by strong tannins, with just the tiniest splash of brightness on the finish.
A reddish color and lean aromas of cherry skins and plum lead to a pinchy, high-acid mouthfeel. Tart flavors of red plum and citrus fruits are a touch foxy and broken, and seem punchy on the finish.
Hawke's Bay isn't known for Pinot Noir, but this wine shows that it can be done, given proper site selection. It's supple in style and fully ripe, with an open-knit texture and velvety finish, yet boasts pretty cherry and floral notes. Drink now–2019.
This estate-grown Pinot Gris has a pleasing delicacy, balancing light citrus with whiffs of pine and a base of pear and cucumber. Just 13% alcohol, it might strike some tasters as a little thin, but it would make a fine accompaniment to a course of soft, creamy cheeses.
This is a wood-aged wine that's smooth with rounded and great fruit flavors. The wood is subtle, a hint of spice and no more, allowing the ripe apricot and citrus flavors to show strongly. It is a very fine wine, ready to drink now.
The vines date to the early 1970s, and the vineyard is on the valley floor near Calistoga. Winemaker Bruce Devlin worked at Boschendal, South Africa's first winery to barrel ferment Chenin Blanc. Dry and crisp, this wine shows wildflower and citrus flavors, and a sweet, green-pea note with an edge of toasted wood. Not only is this an elegant table white, it should evolve over the next five to seven years.
Alan Limmer of Stonecroft was the first modern grower of Syrah in New Zealand, planting his first vines in 1984. While the winery has changed hands, it's still a good source for Syrah. This bottling is appropriately smoky and peppery, with hints of bacon fat and blueberries, and a lingering, softly dusty finish.
This lovingly made wine is packed with boysenberry, black cherry and swirls of vanilla cream around its soft, round texture and structure. Its long finish is laced with plum, whispers of smoke, licorice and a touch of cedar. Another 3–5 years in bottle will tame its tannins further and enhance every last nuance.
This compelling and delicious bottling has a grand bearing, sophisticated flavors and elegant texture, like something the staff at Downton Abbey would serve. The aromas are lightly smoky and spicy, like white pepper and walnuts. Flavors are subtle, dry but somehow rich, as hints of white peach, almond and dried cherry develop.
Made in limited quantities by consulting winemaker Paul Hobbs, this is 100% varietal from a single vineyard, aged entirely in new French oak. Soft and malleable tannins manage its tangy, succulent blue fruit, supporting all that full-bodied ripeness and girth.
Excessive tartness is the chief fault of this wine. The tannins are faultlessly beautiful, and the flavors, of crushed summer blackberries, teriaki beef, green tea and black pepper, are complex. But that cut of acidity is severe.
Ripe, jammy and forward, with very little besides heavy berry fruit to offer. The palate is overtly oaky, with butter and wood notes. Grapy and a raw in the middle, with some displaced tannins.
This is a more compact and elegant expression of Amarone that lets the quality of its ripe fruit shine through. You'll recognize tones of cherry and cassis. But there are also balanced mineral, almond and spice notes at the back. The mouthfeel is bright, focused and persistent.
This Pinot Noir is from the far or “true” Sonoma Coast, near Annapolis, north of the new Fort Ross-Seaview appellation. It shows its origin in the brisk acidity and delicacy of mouthfeel, as well as the fantastic range of wild red berry, cola, pine, nettle and white pepper flavors that change from second to second. New oak brings toasty, vanilla complexities and wood tannins. This is a delicious wine now, but will age gracefully for at least eight years.
Layers of Amarena and Bing cherry play hide and seek with hints of mulberry on the plump, velvety midpalate. There are suspicions of sweet vanilla and some anise. With such soft, mellow fruit and smooth, ripe tannins, this is incredibly seductive and approachable right now, although it also has the stuffing to age beautifully.
At 70% Garnacha and 30% Tempranillo, this hold-over from the sketchy 2002 harvest starts with an odd blend of clove and shaved wood notes, while the palate pushes basic cherry and tangy raspberry flavors.
At first this wine is a touch skunky and strange, but they say time heals all wounds, and such is the case here. As it unfolds in the glass the wine offers sweet berry fruit and some wood notes. The finish is a little like beets and spice, but in that there's intrigue and appeal. Good tannins and acids ensure a proper mouthfeel.
Intense stuff; hits on the nose like a bomb packed with fresh green veggies and vibrant passion fruit, mango and stone fruits. Slides across the palate with ease courtesy of prime acidity. Tastes much like it smells, with jolting flavors of gooseberry, pineapple and orange. Imported by Kobrand.
Hints of spice and Morello cherries entice on the nose of this pleasantly dry rosé made from Merlot grapes. The palate is clean with decent red fruit flavors, but there's a hollowness overall, and a hint of tomato water on the finish that detracts.
Here's a Prosecco with real personality. Left to finish fermentation in the bottle on its lees and made without any added dosage, it displays a slightly cloudy appearance from fine sediment deposited at the bottom, which gives it another dimension. Pure flavors include tart green apple, lime, white peach and kiwi, with a hint of lemon pastry. It's balanced in mouthwatering acidity and finishes bone-dry.
Robust and sanguine, this softly layered wine offers a simple take on the variety—a study in blackberry, leather and peppercorn flavors.
This blend of Bordeaux varieties (39% Cab Sauv, 37% Merlot, 12% Petit Verdot, 8% Cab Franc and 4% Malbec) opens with a nice purity of fruit, mainly plum and cassis and shows a deftness of blending. There's a touch of green pepper at the finish.
Given only 25% new oak, this is a very light, thin and foresty version of the variety, combining funky earth and savory cardamom-type spice with bright, tart red fruit that veers more pomegranate than cherry.
This is made largely from Cabernet Sauvignon, incorporating Malbec, Petit Verdot, Merlot and Syrah. Thick, rich and lush, it shows dense layers of black currant, blackberry, meat, licorice and cedar. It finishes rounded and dripping in chocolate.
This delightful Chianti Classico shows Sangiovese charisma with bright fruit aromas, cherry, white almond and pressed violets. It's smooth and silky, with a touch of sourness on the close.
Made from Negroamaro, this opens with aromas of red berry, apple and a whiff of wild flower. It's bright and refreshing, offering raspberry notes and a hint of white pepper alongside crisp acidity.
This producer's style is for rich wines and this is no exception. With its depth of fruit and ripe apples and lemon, it is both crisp and full. The wine has some wood aging not for the flavor, more for the open effect. Drink the wine now.
Friendly, accessible, this wine exudes white fruits and soft acidity. It is not heavy, but more finely balanced, the structure coming from fruit skins rather than the hint of wood. With its juicy acidity, the wine finishes with a tasty flourish. Imported by Wilson Daniels Ltd.
This is a textbook Chianti Classico, with dark berry and plum aromas accented by hints vanilla and clove. The palate boasts a core of wild cherry flavors layered with balsamic herbs. Still tightly tannic, it needs a few more years to unwind.
Green pear and soft citrus are the chief charms of this wine. The palate is clean, dry and easy to drink. It's a good all-rounder for a party.
Many of Oregon's best winemakers are scrambling to acquire Shea grapes. This small-scale producer does a fine job. Its Shea designate is a captivating wine loaded with blueberry, blue plum, black raspberry and a touch of violets. One-third new French oak brings a vein of chocolate. The balance is impeccable. Drink this with enjoyment immediately, or cellar it through 2025.
A meaty, mushroomy Pinot Noir, this rather expensive bottling from Franken offers decent complexity but lacks vibrancy.
Dusted Valley puts out a number of Syrahs, with this being the first to be released from each vintage. Young and grapey, it's got good fruit flavors, with suggestions of plum and berry. The tart acids bring a wash of citrus that lifts the finish.
Crisp, tart and clean, with notes of tomato leaf, fresh cut grass and ripening strawberries. It doesn't hang around very long but it's an honest effort that's worth considering for a summer picnic.
This vibrant sparkler opens with aromas of ripe red berry and spice. Made from Frappato, the lively palate doles out wild strawberries, crushed cherries and just a hint of white pepper alongside firm acidity and persistent bubbles.
Winemaker Eric Dunham's tribute to his “best friend”—a much-loved dog named Port—is as good as ever in this new vintage. Bright cherry fruit seems laced with tangerine and candied citrus. Tannins are smooth and there are finishing touches of mocha and tobacco.
As its color indicates, the wine is approaching maturity. It has a rich texture with red fruits, some firm tannins and a generous character. With its spice, ripeness and concentration, it is fine to drink now, although the wine does fade quickly after opening.
A funny wine, maybe going through an awkward stage. It's pale, light-bodied, silky, acidic and bone dry, with cherry, orange zest, root beer, kid leather and vanilla spice flavors. Resembles a decent Barbaresco at a young age. Seems a bit simple now, but could develop bottle complexity over the next five years.
Heavy and nutty, almost like movie popcorn. In due time the nose transitions to creamy berry and cranberry. The palate is soft and muddled, with some citrus and red apple. Sweet and tomatoey on the finish; needs more focus, acidity and dryness.
This blend of Syrah (56%), Cabernet Sauvignon (22%), Cabernet Franc (12%) and Mourvèdre saw just a trace of new oak (10%). It delivers them all with notes of berry, coffee, raw meat, herbs and tar, with lighter-styled fruit flavors and tart acidity.
Rich, thick and jammy sweet, this Cab tasted a bit juvenile in the winter of 2009. With blackberry and cherry pie filling, chocolate, licorice and pepper flavors, it might develop harmony over the next six years.
Cedar, cinnamon and nutmeg notes show in the aromas and continue in the flavors. This complexity blends well with the classic Merlot flavors of black cherry and subtle herbs. It's medium to full bodied, but very smooth in texture. The blend is Merlot, Zinfandel and Petite Sirah.
Oak and oak driven spice dominate the nose and carry over to the palate along with butterscotch, coffee and buttered herb. Tightly tannic, it lacks fruit richness and has an astringent finish.
This Syrah and Carmenère blend is bold but elegant, with ripe, spicy, bullish aromas that tell of what's to come. That would be a muscle-ripped palate with depth. Blackberry, black cherry, spice and blackened toast flavors finish in smoky darkness, with toasty length. This is a serious wine for red meats. Drink through 2025.
Fenestra's blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Malbec, Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot is aromatically interesting with hints of Dr. Pepper and spice. The palate devolves with strong herbal aromas and light fruit flavors before finishing slightly high in alcohol.
Rubbery and smoky at first, with earthy, leathery aromas. Snappy, crisp and juicy in the mouth, with honest PN flavors of light red fruits, toast and oak-based spice and chocolate. Dry, clean and a bit hot on the finish.
Shows its warm California origins in the milk chocolate-infused blackberry and blueberry pie filling and plumped raisin flavors. Delicious, but too soft, sugary sweet and hot.
Easy to like this wine for its rich lemon meringue pie, butterscotch, vanilla and toast flavors. It's good, tasty and satisfying in the Chardonnay way, at a fair price.
Aromas of spring flowers and fresh orchard fruit lead the nose on this bright, fun sparkler. The palate doles out green apple, pear and citrus alongside zesty acidity and invigorating bubbles.
Ripe bold Merlot creates a wine that has spice, juicy black-plum flavors and a core of tannin. It is a young wine, full of fruit, with a soft aftertaste. It was made to be drunk from early 2017.
Ripe plum and berry aromas are on the soft and cuddly side, but have some spunk. The palate on this classic Garnacha-Craignan-Syrah blend is adequately juicy and fresh, with a basket's worth of berry flavor. And the finish is complementary and offers some chocolate as an aftertaste. Drink now and over the next two years.
French oak, toast, espresso and menthol aromas lift out of the glass. The lean, taut palate offers dried black cherry and oak-driven spice alongside raspy tannins that leave an astringent finish. The fruit richness is starting to dry up so drink sooner rather later.
Apple peels, squeezed lime, rain on cement, jicama and Asian-pear aromas show on the crisp yet rounded nose of this bottling by actress Drew Barrymore. The palate is quite inviting with broad apple flavors, offering just enough texture and acidity to keep all sorts of wine lovers interested.
The improvements at this estate continue with this bright and fruity wine. It is structured with some firm tannins under the attractive blackberry flavors. Crisp and likely to develop well over the medium term, the wine will be ready from 2020.
There's not a lot of wine behind the mildly buttery, faint peach flavors and aromas. Tastes extremely soft and dilute.
Aromas suggest earth and ripe stone fruit. The succulent palate delivers nectarine, lemon-lime, yellow peach and pink grapefruit accented with mineral notes. Crisp acidity brightens this up and generates a clean, refreshing finish.
Sweet with the aroma of ripe, red plum preserves and a touch of green herbs, this is a lovely blend of Cab Franc, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon with hints of toasted oak. Soft and lush with a cherry pie filling palate, it's an easygoing, medium-bodied wine with a pleasant, fruit-forward profile.
Even though this tips the scales at close to 16% alcohol, there's no trace of heat, just an incredible lush, creamy texture and layers of rich raspberry and blackberry fruit. Hints of coffee and cocoa from two years aging in oak impart nuance, but the old-vine fruit comfortably carries the day. Drink now–2015+.
This wine is very young and needs time to come together. Currently, it's all about tart acidity and fresh, penetrating Dr. Pepper, cherry, pomegranate and oak flavors. It's elegant and complex, with the potential to develop for 6–8 years, maybe longer.
Buttery notes of vanilla, almond nut, banana, mature peach and melon characterize this creamy Grillo from Sicily. The wine is dense and full on the palate and has the natural heft to stand up to pasta or shellfish.
From estate-grown fruit on the Oregon side of the Columbia Gorge AVA, this light and lemony wine seems to show some lees contact and just a hint of toasted cracker. It's simple and easy drinking, but lacks real depth.
Merlot gives this wine a broad and flavorful midpalate of mixed berry and currant and cherry fruit; it's got plenty of acid below and tannin behind, and it lays out beautifully across the palate. The finishing tannins are lightly earthy, lightly chocolaty, and suggest pencil shavings and a splash of anise as well. Excellent value.
Made with Sangiovese and 5% Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with aromas of violet, blackberry and a whiff of baking spice. The fresh, easy-drinking palate offers juicy black cherry, clove and a hint of ground espresso alongside supple tannins.
Solid Marlborough Savvy, with tropical aromas intertwined with grassy, herbal notes. It's medium-bodied, with melon and citrus flavors that reveal just a hint of bell pepper on the mouthwatering finish. Drink now.
Here is a balanced and generous expression from the wonderful 2007 vintage that shows integrated oak tones against ripe cherry, blackberry and prune. There's a dusty background note of brimstone and wet river stone that gives this Brunello riserva an extra touch of sophistication. Elegance is this wine's strong suit.
This has good dark fruit, with sharp spice and floral complexity. Tannins are chalky and substantial, but the pretty cherry and plum fruit fights its way on through.
Another stellar effort from this terrific new winery. Luscious aromas—stone fruits, candy, wax, peel, honey, cumin, allspice—it just keeps on going. Firm in the mouth, with the same exotic and refined blend of interesting spices and fruits. A tour de force.
Rounder and less textured than a Sancerre, this style of Menetou-Salon makes a fine alternative Sauvignon Blanc. It's full and ripe, fresh with acidity while also bringing some tropical fruits into play. It's ready to drink.
Bob Foley has championed this heirloom variety, which so many others long ago abandoned. The wine shows an old-fashioned ruggedness and the kind of in-your-face tannins and grapeskin astringency you don't see much anymore. Yet it's massively fruity and will age well. Six to 10 years should soften and sweeten it, and it will hold for another decade beyond.
Dried elderberries and plum skins meet with cocoa, soy, cracked peppercorn and hoisin sauce unfold on the nose of this wine, made by Steve Clifton. The teriyaki and black-plum sauce touches kick into high gear on the palate, where roasted ancho chile-cocoa flavors prove quite savory and tasty.
This softly perfumed wine has red-fruit flavors and plenty of acidity. It is jammy and juicy with succulent red berries. Drink now.
Bright and spicy, this wine makes an immediate impact. The blueberry fruit has a sassy edge, and it penetrates through the middle into a finish with notes of black licorice, baking spices and coffee grounds. Firm, full and tight, the wine should age nicely now through 2025.
We haven't seen a VSC blend since 2001, and this shows more ripeness and clarity than in the past. Still, there's a mild whiff of green to the nose and palate, which prevents it from achieving a higher plateau. It's Cabernet with Syrah and Petit Verdot, and the end result features a healthy, lively mouthfeel and solid but lightly herbal cherry and berry flavors. Imported by Carolina Wine Brands USA Inc.
The nose on this racy SB provides a combo of stalky citrus, minerality and tangerine. The palate feels light, zingy and fairly innocuous, while flavors of green herbs, lime, green apple and lemon finish mild and a bit washed out. This will function best as a well-chilled summer quaffer.
A thoroughly enjoyable Zinfandel that shows the variety's lusty character, but with special grace and finesse. Bone dry and richly tannic, it has complex flavors of blackberries, blueberries and currants, with earthier notes of tobacco, leather and unsweetened dark chocolate. Very fine.
Blueberry and other sweet aromas are forward, floral and ripe. In the mouth, this blend is alert and juicy, with ripe berry flavors, ample oak and plenty of toast, coffee, pepper and herbs. Spreads out on the finish, and overall it's showing class and clarity for an under-$15 wine.
Full-bodied and generously flavorful, this is shaped and accented by oak influences, but still governed by rich, enticing flavors of ripe plum, dark cherry, blackberry and cinnamon. It features great depth of flavor, breadth in the silky texture and length on the finish. Best now through 2020.
Smooth, tropical and melony, with an easygoing palate that comfortably houses green melon, lime, grapefruit and other tropical fruit flavors. The finish is mildly pithy and bitter, but overall this is a clean, well-crafted wine that genuinely captures the essence of Torrontés.
Plum and cherry notes struggle to show themselves under a heavy layer of coconut and sawdust from new American oak. This wine is tightly wound and dense in the mouth, with refreshing acidity and a medium-to-long finish. A year or two in the cellar will allow for better integration.
Deep, dark concentration sets the tone and segues into pronounced notes of blackberry, cherry, tobacco, root beer and a touch of A-1 steak sauce. It offers grounded, straightforward elegance with plenty of weight and character, finishing with spice, mouthwatering fruit and dusty tannins.
Fresh, brilliant and crisp, this is a wonderful wine to pair with seafood or tuna salad. Vermentino delivers green aromas of lime, kiwi and cut grass backed by creamy peach and a touch of bitter almond.
This is a solid, all-purpose Chardonnay, a bit less oaky and oily than some previous efforts from Gordon, but showing firm, clean, ripe apple and pear fruit. The wine is balanced and smooth, delivering plenty of no-frills fruit flavor for the price.
A number of different fermentation regimens puts these grapes through their paces, and leads to skillful blending. The result is a wine of exceptional complexity, depth and texture. Lively citrus, Meyer lemon, tangerine, peach and caramel flavors abound.
An engaging wine from an old variety, hardly grown anymore in California. It's soft and dense in tannins, with spicy flavors of cherries and a bitter, earthy taste that brings to mind carob. Try as an interesting alternative to Zinfandel.
This is a generous, ripe wine, full of red fruits and soft acidity. It's already enjoyable, but will benefit from aging until 2015 to bring out the refreshing fruitiness even more.
A Cab-based blend, this is a smoothly polished, ripe wine brimming with bright cherry, red currant, blackberry, cola and oaky flavors. It's fully dry, and is made in a style to appreciate over the next year or so.
The wine is only just off dry, giving a wine that is deliciously crisp and fruity. Ripe apple and creamed pear flavors are lifted by balanced acidity. The fruitiness and the just off-dry character make this a wine that would be just as good as an apéritif as with food.
The ripeness on this Merlot is a bit uneven. There are nice black cherry flavors, but also raisins and green flavors, resulting in a wild ride that finishes with tannic bitterness.
Berry, eucalyptus, Alpine herb and a balsamic note are some of the aromas you'll discover on this structured red. The ripe, fresh palate offers juicy Morello cherry, crushed raspberry, cooking spice and licorice alongside firm but refined tannins. Drink 2020–2032.
This is a rocking price for the quality of the wine, a small-production crafting of well-grown grapes in a great year. Light on the oak imprint, it shines instead in sweet and sour stone fruit, most vibrantly apricot, with a soft and layered silkiness to the texture.
This southern Oregon Pinot Gris does not have the fleshy concentration of Willamette Valley versions, but compensates with a racy, sculpted mouthfeel that falls closer to Italian Pinot Grigio in style. The just-ripe fruit conjures pear and cucumber flavors, with a slice of green melon on the side.
Perfumed, ripe and smooth, this firmly structured wine is now beginning to mature. With its new-wood flavors, it's a powerful wine that's full of both fruit and tannins. Drink this rich wine now and until 2022.
Nails Pinot's texture, boasting a supple, velvety mouthfeel; also its complexity, blending savory spice and mushroom notes with bright pie cherry flavors. There's also an earthy, slightly vegetal beet nuance.
Made from old vines grown in a field blend, this is a finely structured wine, fermented in open stone lagares. With its fine tannins, ripe black fruits and concentration, it is an impressive wine that is still aging. The black fruits and tannins will soften and broaden if the wine is kept. Drink from 2019.
Made by the vine guru of Ventura County, Bruce Freeman, this bottling from a stunning coastal site shows plump red currant, tangy red plum skin and wet slate mineral scents. There's an Earl Grey tea touch to the palate, with lavender floral notes, peppery spice, dark red fruit and a bright acidity that persists into the finish.
A tasty, juicy wine with ripe red cherry fruit and lively acidity. Soft, beautifully ripe, ready to drink.
In a young, fresh style, this is full of white fruits, crisp acidity and pink grapefruit with a sugar touch. The aftertaste, though, is relatively soft, but still in balance with the rest of the flavors.
This is a hearty Meritage employing all five red Bordeaux varieties. The color is black and the fruit equally dark and rich, offering muscular tannins around rich notes of blackberry, cedar and herb.
The vineyard is owned by the Farrells, and is located in the Green Valley, the coolest section of Russian River. The wine is very bright in acidity and clean and clear in minerals, with notes of tart lemondrop, brioche and Asian pear. Lees add a distinct taste of yeast and a rich, creamy texture. Perfect with cracked crab.
This Merlot has some unusual characteristics, but it's still a compelling, value-priced offering. Both the aromas and flavors carry spice, bacon, straight-off-the-barbecue, rustic notes. There's mixed plums underneath it all, all of which is framed in a soft, easily accessible feel.
This five-grape blend is muscular and wide on the palate, with oaky berry flavors that are also tarry and toasty. Hard tannins and some chop on the finish suggest further aging would be beneficial. Drink this Cabernet-led blend that also includes Garnacha, Syrah, Merlot and Cab Franc through 2025.
Starts off with deep, dark aromas of chocolate, licorice, cola and plum, then offers flavors of dates, chocolate and vanilla that fan out across the palate. Drink this full-bodied, softly textured Shiraz over the next few years.
Luscious ripe fruit flavors are balanced by great acidity in this rich but vibrant wine that's blended from Marsanne and Chardonnay. Honeydew melon and white-peach flavors fan out on the palate as the wine's generous texture coats the palate. Subtle spices like vanilla, white pepper and ginger add complexity.
This medium-bodied wine is marked by dry, stony notes rather than a profusion of fruit. Subtle leafiness and hints of underripe melon give this a restrained aspect and suggest it's more of a food partner than a wine that will shine on its own.
This wine impressed us more now than when we tried it last year. It is showing commendable intensity and concentration, and while it seems slightly medicinal, it brings on the plum and baked-fruit flavors. Probably a bit more heavy and mushy than ideal, but we like the wine's ripeness and dark flavors.
Ripe, soft and round, this is an accessible wine, with easy yellow-fruit flavors that lend a sweetly juicy character. The acidity just cuts through the warm feel to give the finish some lift.
A crisp, tight, stony nose of wet cement, chilled lime peels and chopped lemongrass emerges from this offering from winemaker Matt Ortman and celeb-proprietors Ken Warwick and Nigel Lythgoe. The palate packs lots of bright verve , with the warmth of sliced green pears and green papaya, the sizzle of Key-lime juice and the racy spice of white pepper.
Il Sogno is made with grapes that have been air-dried for 100 days. It shows darker concentration and richer aromas of black cherry, plum, cedar and distant smoke. Fresh acidity, solid tannins and generous berry fruit flavors help the wine build in intensity and staying power.
Delicate and fascinating, this offers both charm and persistence. Deep, drawn-out fruit flavors of raspberry, cranberry and cherry are matched to vivid acidity. Balanced and well-structured, this promises excellent evolution. Drink after 2018.
This is one of the most beautiful wines yet to come from Rotari, in Italy's northern Trento region. Barrique-fermented Chardonnay offers balanced and enticing notes of apricot, nuts, honey, crushed stone and toast over a broad, creamy mouthfeel. This is a sophisticated wine that makes for a lively, elegant presence.
High-pitched leather, chewing tobacco and desiccated black-fruit aromas lead on the nose. On entrance the wine feels loose and easy, but a medium amount of chewy tannins give footing to the second half of the palate.
This is a rich and succulent wine made from Cab Franc and 15% Merlot. This wine is packed tight, with tones of espresso bean, blackberry coulis, milk chocolate, dried lavender and a playful touch of scented candle or incense. Ripe tannins and a long finish. Drink after 2012.
As with the winery's Riesling, no vintage is indicated anywhere on the bottle. Listed at two percent residual sugar, this wine retains enough acid to provide moderate lift to the spicy, almost bitter, pineapple and grapefruit flavors. Citrus rind phenolics, lightly dappled with honeysuckle and other floral highlights, create a rather expansive wine with a substantial finish.
This is a simple, somewhat muted wine, with small amounts of Merlot, Petit Verdot, Cabernet Franc and Malbec. Sanguine, it shows a touch of red currant, cassis and cedar in addition to a burly full-bodied concentration of ripeness.
Aromas of white fruits and peach are followed by a delicate combination of peach and citrus in this friendly Sauvignon Blanc. A simple, straightforward white with everyday drinking and food-pairing appeal.
Concentrated full-force aromas of mixed black fruits come with notes of cheesy oak and animal hide. This is not your usual 15% abv bruiser even though it's full-bodied and burly. The key is racy acidity and a 14.2% alcohol level, which allows toasty, chocolaty berry flavors to show a mild herbal element as well as choppy freshness on the finish. Drink through 2022.
This wine is a blend of fruit from Gamache (65%) and Ciel du Cheval vineyards. Aromas of game, Band Aid and dried cherry are followed by lush, sweet fruit and savory flavors. There are some interesting things going on but the gaminess proves too distracting.
Tastes sweeter and fruitier than the 2009, which was dry, so if you like orange marmalade, pineapple tart and vanilla cookie sugariness in your Sauvignon Blancs, it's for you.
There's an intriguing touch of grassiness on the nose of this bottling that also shows restrained yet tropical aromas of mango and green papaya. The palate is less interesting, with light melon flavors and a lack of bright acidity.
Heady aromas of fragrant white flower, citrus blossom, chopped herb and yellow stone fruit almost jump out of the glass. The creamy, expressive palate doles out juicy apricot, lemon drop and sage while bright acidity and a frothy mousse lift the finish. There's a lot to like here.
A full-bodied, heady and velvety wine, this discloses a strong grip on the palate, surrounded by notes of allspice and earth. A slight tartness of spice and smoke complement rich tones of cherry and wild strawberry, finishing robustly. Drink now through 2020.
Offering dry, sharp flavors of berries, mint and tobacco, it gets the job done.
This oddball blend of 55% Sauvignon Blanc and 20% Chardonnay (both fermented in oak) and 25% Riesling (fermented in steel) actually works reasonably well. The nose is a blend of lime and peach, and despite the oak treatment, this medium-bodied wine is fruit driven, lithe and long.
Fresh and firm, with juicy primary fruits that meld together flavors of tropical and stone fruits—a riot of papaya, peach, pineapple, candied lemon and more. The butterscotch barrel notes glide into the mid-palate and coat the back of the throat, resonating long after the wine is swallowed. Based on previous vintages, this is a surefire six to eight year wine for cellaring.
Cola, mesquite, bright berry and orange zest describe the nose of this delicate and feminine expression of Nebbiolo. This is the kind of Barolo you'll want to pair with sophisticated lamb and pork dishes that are accented by a slight touch of exotic spice. The wine's natural acidity and its tannins keep the palate refreshed and dry.
A tightly structured wine marked by apple and peach flavors, but there's a young earthiness that keeps it from being a mere fruit-fest. Lush, creamy and complex, with real density and weight. Lots to like here.
White stone, almond tones, dried oats and white peach describe a wine with good volume and one that makes a great impression in the mouth. The finish is short and simple, but definitely in line with traditional Prosecco.
A soft, unoaked and juicy Malbec, it has black berry fruits, light tannins and good acidity. A touch of smokiness adds complexity. Drink now.
This sprightly-sweet Riesling fills the glass with an opulent floral perfume of rose petals and orange blossoms. It's profoundly aromatic, yet remarkably elegant, balanced by layers of crisp honeydew and peach flavors. A zesty strike of acidity freshens the finish.
This simple, everyday white offers wispy floral aromas and delicate flavors of tropical fruit and citrus. Pair this with light pasta dishes or lightly seasoned fish.
Pale straw in color, this wine has a nose of grapefruit and rose petal. It's very soft on the palate, with passion fruit, lemon and rose flavors and a drawn-out, fruit-filled finish.
A big and rich wine, packed with fine blackberry and red plum fruits, with bitter chocolate and toast flavors. The wine is full-bodied, fruity and also stylishly elegant. Worth aging for 2–3 years.
Brisk and sprightly, with keen acidity that makes the mouth water. The basic flavors suggest ripe Meyer lemons, pineapples, Key lime pie, spicy Asian pear, vanilla and honeysuckle. A good, rich crowd pleaser at an affordable price.
This wine starts off with distinctive and promising aromas of smoked and cured meats and tea leaves, but it falls off a bit on the palate, turning lean and cranberryish.
This is a gorgeous wine, blended with 8% Merlot, 1% Petit Verdot and 1% Malbec, and aged entirely in new French oak. Juicy waves of cassis and red currant are accented by dark chocolate, ultimately showcasing a lush, plush yet structured palate. It's decadent now, but should age well through 2022.
Smoke and mineral notes come together over a plush base of cherry and cassis fruit to create a big, modern interpretation of Barbera. You'll also get cola and coffee notes backed by plush richness in the mouth.
A small-production barrel selection from the estate vineyard, this fine wine is brilliantly rich and balanced, proving that Napa Valley can produce excellent Chardonnay. With pineapple, lemon, lime and buttered toast flavors, it's ultraclean in acidity and vibrant in minerals. While it's quite dry, it finishes with a rich flourish of honey.
This offers plum and dried tobacco-leaf aromas, with a hint of toasted almond. The palate delivers prune and berry flavors alongside green pepper, espresso and toasted oak accents. This will pair well with hearty Tuscan soups.
Compostable earth marks the entry of this clonal exploration—a robust, full-bodied and ripely warm wine.With mint, pine and black tea accents, it offers wild raspberry and rhubarb fruit, bringing a homemade pie to mind.
The Lange Twins are longtime growers in Lodi who also make their own wine, with the help of former Woodbridge winemaker David Akiyoshi. This Bordeaux blend is mostly Petit Verdot and Cabernet, with smaller amounts of Merlot and Malbec in the mix. The time this spent aging in French oak shows through in its minty, full mouthfeel and vanilla tannins.
Gin-like botanical nuances in the nose introduce a sharp, rather stiff and hard Pinot Gris. Grapefruit and lemon rind flavors, along with plenty of acidity, seem less ripe than the 14.3% alcohol would suggest.
Massive chocolate, black cherry and cassis flavors mark this Cab, not to mention a liberal quantity of sweet, toasty oak. Although it's dry, it tastes as sweet as a dessert pastry. Not an ager, it should be opened by 2016.
A blend of the winery's Whistling Hills and Riviere Galets vineyards, this wine brings aromas of funk, coffee, tire rubber, blue fruit and smoke. The cranberry and cherry notes are sweet and full flavored, hanging on the finish.
New Zealand's largest wine company is still capable of turning out exciting, innovative wines from its boutique properties, like this example from Church Road. Bold cherry and stone-fruit flavors are accented by just a touch of peppery spice, but there's plenty of volume in the mouth and dark cherries on the silky finish. Drink now–2015. Not imported.
Crafted in a New World way, this displays toasty, creamy oak and baked apple aromas. The palate is healthy and bold, while flavors of popcorn, white bread, butter, honeydew and banana maintain freshness and clarity across the finish.
Despite an opening that features some vinegary sharpness and mulch, there's also decent berry fruit notes and milk chocolate sweetness to the nose. Feels about as you'd expect, which means it's zesty and lean, with cherry, plum and herbal flavors. Juicy and minty on the finish.
Copper-orange in color, this wine is made from 100% Syrah grapes, and tastes delightfully of raspberry and fresh plum. Juicy and refreshing, it has a leveled amount of acidity and yet a roundness to the palate that should work well with food, finishing crisp and clean.
At first, this sparkling Muscat smells like salad dressing and green strawberries. It's foamy but mostly healthy feeling on the palate, with sugary, grassy flavors of mango and pineapple. Overall, this has a strongly candied flavor profile.
Scents of raspberries, flowers and exotic spices take the lead. The palate feels broad and untethered, featuring glossy tannins, balanced acids and a pliable finish.
Fresh, watery and tonic, this easygoing Prosecco could work as an appetizer wine on a warm spring afternoon. A soft mouthfeel is accented by a spicy close with crushed white pepper.
Packaged in a bright blue bottle, this fresh Moscato d'Asti delivers soft aromas of peach and white flower followed by a spicy touch of crisp acidity that you can really feel at the back of the tongue. Pair this easy wine with spongecake, fresh strawberries and whipped cream.
Packed with juicy black currant flavors, this is a distinctly fruity wine. But there is some depth of flavor there, allowing the tannins to show some complexity. The aftertaste is dry, but still very fruity. Imported by Baron Francois Collection.
The raspberry, cherry and blackberry flavors are delicious, and the oak brings just the right touch of sweet, smoky toast. The tannins are rich and fine, and the palate bears a streak of citrusy acidity that cuts right down the middle. It should mellow with 5–6 years in the bottle.
Lots of personality in this Viognier. It has a meaty fleshiness, in addition to the peach pulp, orange and papaya fruit flavors, with fine acidity that makes it all feel clean and lively in the mouth. An interesting wine to pair with modern pan-Asian-fusion fare.
A lifted ethereal note of dried hay flowers hits you first. This is followed by generously ripe but very purely drawn fruit: Conference pear, star fruit and white currant. There is concentration on the palate, coupled with a pervasive citric freshness that almost lends this an exotic aspect. You simply want to savor and take another sip. An edge of pleasant bitterness corrals the fruit admirably. The finish is dry, lasting and intriguing.
Flush with bright berry and cherry aromas, this Rosso di Montalcino shows a thin but determined mouthfeel with a nice dose of acidity on the close.
Don't expect dryness here. The wine is distinctly sugary-sweet and that's despite a ridiculously high alcohol level of 16.5%. But people who like sweet red wines, and there are lots of them, will slurp it up.
This Pinot Blanc is creamy smooth and soft, with a delicious line in peach acidity and lively green fruits. Crisp, ready to drink, and very fresh.
Alsace specialist C&C; has a spotty track record with Pinot. This one is dry and crisp in acidity, with easy cherry, black raspberry, pomegranate, cola and spice flavors wrapped into a silky texture. At its best now and for a couple of years.
Comes across like a straightforward warm-climate Viognier, meaning it's full and waxy, with peach and nectarine aromas and flavors, a touch of searing heat, and pithiness to the back palate and finish. It's also juicy and zesty due to plenty of acids.
A massive wine, decadent and splendid, and a worthy followup to the near-perfect 2008. Densely packed in fruit, it explodes in blackberries, cassis, dark chocolate, minerals and sweet, toasty new oak. That richness is lifted to brilliance by the tannic structure, which is world class. So deliciously approachable, it's drinkable now, but it should develop over the next 6–8 years. Beyond that, all bets are off, because this modern style of soft, relatively high-alcohol wines has yet to prove itself over the long haul.
Simple, with blackberry, cherry, carob and herb flavors wrapped into a jagged texture.
A very good Chardonnay, with oak-enhanced citrus and peach flavors. It's dry and quite acidic, biting into the tongue and making the tastebuds whistle. Made in a leaner style, it will appeal to fans of Chablis-style Chardonnays.
Simple and steady wins the best-buy race. Flavors are sunny and bright—yellow fruit with floral/honeysuckle accents—and the body is medium and approachable. Zesty aromas and a sweet-tart finish complete a nice, affordable picture.
This widely ranging blend includes Bordeaux-style grapes, Tannat and Syrah. This wine is fruity, light as a feather and with the typical caramel underlay that comes from the Merlot in the blend. Red fruits and a crisp texture give this wine its attractive acidity. Drink now.
Even the very best Txakoli won't appeal to everyone, and this rosé is far from the best. Fruitless aromas of arugula and vinaigrette set up a sour palate with arrow-sharp acidity. Piercing, tart citrus flavors end with scour and sizzle.
There's a nice mineral vein that helps keep this wine focused. Beyond that, you'll taste fresh fruit and some distance notes of roasted almond and sourdough. The mouthfeel is clean and crisp and the bubbles are soft and creamy.
Hang onto your hat; here's a very great Syrah. The aromas are hiding, now suggesting plum and blackberry, now black pepper, now freshly baked rhubarb pie. In the mouth, it knocks out with grace and power. It's soft as silk, but complex and layered, and the richly tannic finish suggests aging potential. Not too long, though.
A great Petite Sirah, one that continues an amazing string of successes for the winery. Combines the variety's robust and full-bodied berry, cherry, mocha and pepper flavors and bigtime tannins with classic Napa elegance and balance. Drinks beautifully now and will develop throughout the decade. The wine is based on fruit from a century-old vineyard.
This wine is loaded with aromas of new oak, coffee and toasted walnut. The palate is dominated by oak, chocolate and vanilla, with secondary prune and plum flavors. It finishes with astringent wood tannins.
A full-bodied, dense and very concentrated wine that just misses being intensely rich because of a touch of burnt rubber. It is certainly powerful, and the dried prune flavors are ripe and sweet.
Here's a modest, likeable Chard, a bit soft, with pear, apple, peach and cream flavors. It's extremely well balanced, and has a satisfyingly long finish. Great with roast chicken or grilled fish with a brown butter sauce.
This is a thick, rich and very ripe wine, with a charred back note making its way against higher-toned tastes of red raspberry and blackberry. The oak is integrated and the wine softly varietal, but it packs a punch on the palate.
Made with organically grown fruit, this offers simple, no-fuss aromas of cherry, wild berry and raspberry. The wine is sharp and lively in the mouth and would pair with simple pasta dishes and meat ragú.
Creamy and oaky, with butterscotch and pear notes, but heavy and a bit unripe, with vegetal notes.
Luscious, almost heaving with ripeness and alcoholic warmth, this dry-style kabinett is no shrinking violet. Its rich peach and melon flavors and bold, unabashed style are seductive though. Dense and mouthfilling, it will drink well through 2020.
From the southern part of the valley, near Sebastopol, comes this young, juicy, crisp Pinot. It's marked by fruit. The freshly crushed flavors of ripe raspberries and cherries are enormously attractive, accented with toasty oak and Asian spices. But the wine has a youthful, acidic tightness that suggests aging. Best now, with decanting, and for six years.
Very rich, ripe and dramatically textured, this has explosive flavors of blackberry, crème de cassis, dried herb and smoked meat flavors, enriched by smoky oak. It shows the tough, hard tannins you often find in low production mountain Cabernets. Made by the well-known consulting winemaker, Philippe Melka, it has the structure of a wine that needs age. Give it at least eight years, and it could be one that lasts decades.
This is a solid Cabernet that shows the promise of the appellation in the central part of Monterey's Salinas Valley. It's dry and medium-bodied, with savory red-cherry candy, cranberry and currant flavors.
Deep purple in color, with roasted, rubbery aromas of wild blackberry. Thick, lush and rich in the mouth, with mellow tannins (for a Priorat wine) and big, broad flavors of plum, blackberry and herbs. Smooth on the finish, with black tea notes and leftover oak. Has a lot going for it; drink now through 2012.
Aromas recall dried herbs, blueberry, dill and vanilla. The palate brings rich blue fruit and cocoa flavors backed by firm, slightly dry tannins.
Starts off a touch funky, but that subsides after a couple of minutes in the glass. Black plum and cassis are strong on the nose and mouth, backed by accents of vanilla, black pepper spice and roasted coffee granules. The finish is long and evolving, moving from black fruit flavors to cherry pits and ending on sweet oak flavors.
Nice in terms of texture, but a bit strange and hard to identify as far as aromas and flavors go. The nose tosses up Sherry and syrup notes, while the flavors run toward Granny Smith apples and lime. Shockingly, the finish is sweet. Confounding and hard to appreciate, but not a bad cava.
Cut grass, citrus, gooseberry and tomato vine aromas lead the way. The crisp palate delivers grapefruit, white peach, kiwi and mineral with just a hint of green bell pepper. Racy acidity provides the framework.
Carchelo is at its best in this vintage. This is loaded with wild blackberry and leathery sass, too. Typical of Jumilla, it's big, saturated and packed with ripe berry flavors, jabbing tannins and warmth. A true hot-climate country wine but one with polish and pizzazz.
A fresh, citrus flavored wine with attractive fruitiness and a crisp texture. There is a yeasty edge that should vanish and leave just fruit. Because it is mainly made from Chenin Blanc, there is a nutty, honeyed aftertaste.
This richly concentrated wine surprises in its uplifting acidity on the back of the palate. Light, bright and full of Gravenstein apple goodness, it is well structured and refreshingly unfussy.
This Merlot is round, soft and mellow, with ripe, luscious flavors of cherry pie, mocha, honey and toasty oak, along with a hint of spice. Considering the large production of 36,000 cases and the price, it's quite an achievement.
Steely, crisp and very dry, this Chard has a savory mineral underpinning to the lime, Meyer lemon, green apple and pear flavors. Shows real style and finesse through the long finish.
Shows good cherry, currant and cola flavors and is thoroughly dry, with a nice, silky texture. Good as it is, it loses a few points for some tannic harshness and heat. Drink now.
While this Cabernet Sauvignon-driven blend opens with fiery, herbal aromas of plum and cherry, time helps it along. A fairly raw and juicy palate is far from cushioned, while herbal, roasted flavors of plum and currant are spicy and fold in patented Chilean flavors of olive and herbs. Drink through 2020.
Less vegetable and more stone fruit suggests a slightly warmer climate, or a later harvest than a typical Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc. Nectarine and lime flavors are medium-weight and tangy on the finish—a bit simple, but appealing. Imported by A.V. Imports Inc.
From a single parcel of old vines, this melon and kiwi-flavored wine has both a round texture and a line of crisp acidity. It is full of ripe fruit, concentrated and brimming with tangy orange acidity at the end. Drink this rich wine from 2018.
Fans of ripe, round Chardonnays should look no further than this. The apple, pear and melon flavors are nice and sweet, with hints of butter and toast backing them up. Good on the palate, with body and texture. An easy drinker.
Briney and cidery smelling, with a heavy, disjointed, cloying palate. Herbal and grassy on the finish, with a sweet, green aftertaste offset by some bitterness. Verdejo is the grape, and that's not common.
91-93 Barrel sample. Spicy wood, but with great juicy blackcurrant character. Very pure in styled.
Actress Drew Barrymore's project produces a respectable wine in this bottling, with light aromas of red berry, pomegranate, allspice and a touch of graphite. The palate is equally dainty, with sagebrush, elderberry fruit and an orange-rind tang.
Merlot and Cabernet Franc make up equal parts of this blend. Aromas are up front, with notes of baking spice, dates, anise and slightly dried-out fruit. Dark-cherry flavors bring a sense of concentration and enjoyment.
Leperchois's wines are almost always interesting. This one, a blend of 50% Grenache, 25% Syrah, 15% Mourvèdre and 10% Cinsault, features distinctive green olive and peppercorn aromas alongside cherry fruit. It's silky and elegant on the palate, with a long finish. Drink now–2017.
This tropical fruit-perfumed wine from the eighth generation of the Laudet family in Armagnac country is claimed to be the only Chardonnay from the Landes. With pineapple and mango as well as yellow fruits, it is rounded while keeping a crisp cool character. It is young, packed with flavor and ready to drink now.
Along with ultra-ripe blackberry jam, brown sugar, and toasty wood flavors, it has high, glyceriny alcohol. Big and thick in tannins, it will pair well with richly sauced barbecue.
Here's an easygoing Italian Chardonnay with intense aromas of banana and exotic fruit backed by firm structure and density. There is, however, a sour almond note on the close that is a bit too pungent and bitter.
Heavy and dull, with softly candied raspberry and currant flavors.
The small village of Saint-Andelain is at the heart of Sauvignon Blanc in Pouilly Fumé. This wine is ripe with melon and peach flavors cut with intense acidity. It is well textured, full bodied and should be held until well into 2017.
Made from 90% Sangiovese and 10% Canaiolo, this hearty wine features earthy aromas of underbrush, tilled soil and mature black fruits. The juicy palate delivers fleshy black cherry, plum, nutmeg, espresso, black pepper and licorice alongside a solid tannic backbone. Drink through 2019.
Give this Syrah a few hours of decanting and drink it now. It's dry, full bodied and dense in blackberry, blueberry, bacon, pepper and oak flavors. Shows real elegance and class, but not an ager.
Very dense and layered in grilled cherry, raspberry, cocoa, spice and cola flavors, this full-bodied wine needs rich barbecues and stews to tame its bigtime tannins. The fruit is so ripe, it tastes sweet, but this Zin is actually very dry.
Long-time Cloudy Bay winemaker Kevin Judd has been out on his own for several vintages, and this is a fine effort. The characteristic herbal, grassy elements of Marlborough are present, but toned-down, making this wine an easier fit with a variety of foodstuffs. A pleasant plumpness to the mouthfeel turns dry and chalky on the long finish.
Toast, butterscotch and oxidized apple aromas precede a heavy, nearly overripe palate loaded down with sticky apple, nectarine and banana. Where it does well is in texture, which is correct and pleasant. Finishes long and heavy. A different breed.
A blend of Chardonnay and Pinot Nero, this offers fruity aromas of apple, peach and a note of wild flower. The bone-dry palate displays mature red apple, apricot, lime and toasted walnut alongside a refined perlage.
While it retains plenty of freshness, this shows layers of wood, richness, spice flavors and some smooth tannins. Black cherries, juicy fruits and toast come together on a rounded finish. Despite its obscure appellation, this wine is more than just a curiosity.
The blend of Bical and Arinto is typical of the sparkling wines from the Bairrada region. Together they give a crisp style of wine, bright with acidity and tangy with citrus and orange peel. The wine is ready to drink.
A very dense, chocolaty wine, with jammy currant and blackberry fruit. The new oak hasn't yet been fully integrated. Below all that are firm but polished tannins and fine acidity. A few years of aging should lighten it.
Juicy and medium-bodied, this wine is vibrantly crafted and balanced in oak. Showcasing pear and lemon chiffon flavors, it offers great value for the quality.
Made from the estate's highest vineyards, ranging between 800 and 1,000 meters high, this boasts balsamic aromas of wild Mediterranean herb, leather, menthol and dark spice. The palate is youthfully austere, offering dried cherry, licorice, espresso, clove and tobacco. Assertive, fine-grained tannins and firm acidity provide backbone and an age-worthy structure. Drink 2019–2029.
Sanguine and brooding in dense layers of juicy black fruit, leather and tobacco, this is classic Napa Valley Cabernet with an elegance at its core, that's also seamless, complex and age-worthy. From relatively cooler sites in Oak Knoll and Mount Veeder, and a cooler year too, this vintage sings for this producer, showing balance and power in equal measure.
Rock Wall seems to release its wines pretty young, and this too could use a little time. A blend of half Zinfandel and half Petite Sirah from the obsidian-laden hills of Lake County's Red Hills area, a very promising spot for Cabernet in particular. Still hugely tannic, this mix is yummy in dusty black fruit, leather and dark chocolate.
An interesting Cabernet that shows how this venerable winery is taking the variety seriously. Dry and tannic, it shows impressively deep flavors of blackberries and black currants, with the spiciness of Dry Creek Valley reds. Fine now, but should have a nice glidepath of ageability over the next 6–8 years.
The bold aromas are chili peppery, just hinting at riper fruit below, but the flavors are reversed, with peach and pineapple in the lead followed by peppery notes. This medium-bodied Sauvignon Blanc ends on notes of grapefruit and jalapeno; really good for the price.
Jam-packed with bright fruit flavors of peaches, pears and tropical fruits, and spiced up with the vanilla and toast notes of oak. This is a rich wine, big and bold, and a real crowd pleaser.
Simple and earthy, with semi-sweet, medicinal cherry flavors. Over-priced for what you get.
Spicy, punchy and pungent, this bright and crisply defined effort displays a riot of orange and apricot fruit flavors, morphing into a Grand Marnier finish. It's deep and persistent, fully ripe but neither hot nor bitter.
Pretty aromas of wild strawberry and a hint of baking spice take shape in the glass. The luminous palate delivers red cherry, vanilla, cinnamon and a cedar note brightened by fresh acidity. It's balanced with silky tannins. Drink through 2017.
There aren't many white wines coming out of Langhorne Creek, but this Verdelho is a good one, offering crisp, citrusy notes of pear and pineapple, medium body and a clean, refreshing finish. Drink now.
While sprightly in body and texture, this intensely concentrated, medium-sweet Riesling offers powerful fruit intensity offset by toe-tingling acidity. Ripe, luscious apricot and yellow-peach flavors are fresh, lingering on the finish with hints of sweet biscuit and caramel.
Well-priced from estate-grown vineyards, Shannon Ridge's Chardonnay is smooth in lemon, ripe apple and pear, and easygoing and clean with a finish of pineapple and vanilla oak. A great go-to wine for white wine lovers.
A lively, fresh and relatively light wine, showing the soft and easy side of Charmes. It is ready to drink but without the opulence of some wines from this vineyard.
This has aromas that recall leafy underbrush, sawdust and menthol. The dense, oak-driven palate shows licorice, espresso, toast and a hint of bitter chocolate but the fruit has dried up. It abruptly ends on a green note of powdered sage.
This fruity selection is full of apple, citrus and white peach notes. Its fruit is balanced by a crisp texture and a tang of orange zest. The wine is round and warm, fitting for a Chardonnay from southern Champagne.
The translucent violet tint this gives off is as attractive as the wine's concentrated bouquet of cassis, blackberry and earthy richness. It's big and bulky in the mouth, with rubbery, exotic flavors of blueberry and Middle Eastern spices like cardamom and cumin. This is a bold wine for fans of fruit-forward reds. Drink now–2016.
Big enough and herbal, with cassis and cherry to the nose. More currant and plum carry the palate, and things seem to be on a clear path until the finish goes medicinal and syrupy, leaving a touch too much cough medicine on the finish. Imported by RM Imports.
Aromas of tangerine zest, peach and flower are followed by dry clean fruit flavors that show no apparent oak influence, with citrus notes lingering on the finish.
This floral wine is bursting with notes of jasmine and honeysuckle backed by sweet fragrances of candied fruit and caramel. The wine is sweet and thick in the mouth but the well-dosed acidity keeps it from being cloying or too fat. It would pair well with slightly sweet foods such as honey glazed ham or lobster.
Tannins and acids currently dominate, giving this dry, young wine a bit of a lockdown quality. The winemaker, Michael Trujillo, aims at a more structured style, and he has achieved it here. There's a deep heart of cherries and blackberries, with sweeter oaky notes. This is a wine to lay down for six years or longer.
You'll find aromas suggesting weedy underbrush, porcini mushroom, raw oak and dried sage on this bracing wine. The medium-bodied palate shows toast, unripe cherry and star anise alongside extremely astringent tannins.
This is an outlier in the Brian Carter lineup of Euro-style blends, a single vineyard, pure varietal Cabernet. As such, it drills down deeply into the character of Washington terroir as captured in a Cab-friendly site, the Stone Tree Vineyard in the heart of the Wahluke Slope AVA. Dark, deep, concentrated, smoky, with tendrils of earth and rock reaching all the way through the tart and tannic finish.
This rich wine has a firm structure as well as ripe fruit. Foot trodden in stone troughs. It has a generous Port-like texture that is balanced by the black currant acidity and delicious fruitiness. Drink from 2017.
Big aromas of blackberry and raspberry feed into a full, fresh and ultimately standard palate with grapy blackberry flavors that show a controlled herbal side. Toasty and a touch bitter on the finish, it has a minty aftertaste.
This opens with aromas of toast, dried apricot and nut. The palate offers lemon zest, dried yellow apple and oak-driven spices, but most of the fruit has already dried up. It closes on a note of bitter almond.
A real success, this 100% Merlot, sourced from the Stillwater Creek and Conner Lee vineyards, is exotically scented with a rich mix of baking spices, coffee, dust, pencil lead and cedar. Lots of oak influence, but it plays well against the tart and mellow berry flavors. There is a suggestion of dried leaf, perhaps an indication of older vines.
You can't beat the sense of history awarded by this tangy, crisp Falanghina. Fruit is farmed near the ancient city of Pompeii under the menacing shadow of Mt. Vesuvius. The result is a sharp, tonic wine with kiwi, lime and grapefruit aromas.
For those wondering what minerality means in a red wine, this bottling is the answer. Against the black cherry and dark strawberry on the nose rise powerful crushed slate and smashed graphite aromas. The palate starts with cranberry and pomegranate, but the slate and rocky-soil flavors swing back in, giving backbone to the hints of bay leaf and herbs.
Winemaker: Jeremy Walker. Pressed African violets, boysenberry, black berry and cherry all flood the nose of this attractive wine, with hints of licorice and black tea for added interest. The palate is plush, big and bold in fruit intensity and structure, but all in equal measure and overall harmony. Lingering notes of Baker's chocolate, leather and earthy spice carry on through the close. Drink 2020–2024.
Sour cherry, apple and a hint of baking-spice aromas carry over to the easygoing palate along with a confectionery note. It's bright and simple, with fresh acidity.
This is a softly sophisticated Cabernet that will please fans of the variety who want a wine that's a little earthier than your riper Napa Valley versions. It has herb and tobacco flavors, but there's also a delicious sunburst of sweetly ripe cherries right in the middle that lasts through the finish. Should develop over the next 7–8 years.
Herbal in character, with flavors of wild thyme and fruit. The wine is textured, layering acidity and white fruit skins with a tangy, green finish.
The wood-aged Garrus seems a contradiction in terms when described as a Provence rosé. But taste it and it makes complete sense with its rich fruits, only the slightest hint of toast and sweet crushed strawberry flavors. It is rounded, smooth, impressive.
This section of San Luis Obispo County is not known as Syrah country, but judging by this beautiful bottling, it should be. The wine is bone dry, firm in tannins and bright in acidity, with a cool-climate white pepper note riding over intense black cherry, roasted meat and cola flavors, made more complicated by oak. Delicious and compelling and best now.
This Pinot shows the ripeness and richness that Testarossa is known for. Grape yields were evidently low, to judge by the concentration of cherries, raspberries, blackberries, cola, root beer and pomegranate flavors. Fully dry, the wine also is somewhat tight in tannins and acids. It should benefit from a few years in the cellar.
Smoky, toasty and dark on the nose, this value-priced Rioja delivers plenty for the money. On the palate, it is smooth and ripe, with integrated tannins and proper acidity. Flavors of earth, loamy berry, plum and vanilla are supple and medium in intensity.
Cherry and chocolate flavors abound in this rather simple LBV. It's clean and well made, just doesn't show much depth or complexity, finishing on a tart note.
Herbal and green peppercornish, with dark berry flavors and herbal-vegetal notes. Light and crisp; complex for the price.
A very beautiful Sauvignon Blanc, without any disagreeable green notes, although it does carefully tread the line. Shows the Arroyo Seco's crisp acidity, with tart, savory flavors of gooseberries, Meyer lemons and minerals. The addition of some Sémillon seems to add fat to the bones. A great restaurant wine.
Aromas of spice and toast are echoed in the sweetly woody palate. This is an elegant wine, soft, full and only just crisp. It has the roundness and richness of a Chardonnay, finished with ripe yellow plums and a tangerine zest.
This crisp, clean and zesty wine is lightly herbal and immediately appealing. It's full of citrus and gooseberry flavors and is ready to drink.
This shows underbrush aromas layered with hints of espresso and oak, all accompanied by juicy cherry, mint and vanilla flavors. It's not the most typical Chianti Classico, but supple and delicious nonetheless. It would pair well with chicken cacciatore. Amici Imports, Siema Wines.
A solid Cab at an attractive price. There's a lot going on in this structured and well-balanced wine. Aromas of black currant and licorice dominate the nose alongside secondary glimmers of black pepper and crushed violets, all framed with a sweet oak streak. Flavors of juicy black raspberry linger well into the finish, which gradually fades into gorgeous white pepper spice.
Flowery and electric in high-toned grapefruit and peach, this is a crisp, clean white from a consistent producer. Medium-bodied, it holds small percentages of Sémillon and Muscat. The finely hewed texture benefits from 10% of the wine having been aged in neutral oak.
Tart, juicy and intense, this is a no-frills effort that showcases the pure Cab Franc fruit. It's definitely put the focus on tart and racy berry flavors, but it's made to keep the tannins in check. It's really delicious juice.
Beguiling streaks of red cherry surround a light, spicy, food-friendly core that's well balanced and integrated, the oak and tannin elegantly respectful of the red fruit. It offers medium weight amid the smoothness.
This is a dessert wine because it's frankly sweet in honey, sugared pineapple tart and lemon pie filling flavors. With crisp acidity, it's a nice sipper, clean and delicious. It's the best sweet Moscato at this price in California.
First taste was excellent, as the wine entered the mouth with round, ripe red fruit and a hint of spice. But it has something off in the finish, and as it sits in the mouth it loses its freshness and leaves a rather sour, gluey impression.
This is a blend of Corvina, Oseleta and Cabernet Franc that shows some of the intensity of an Amarone, but with more defined tannic structure on the finish. The bouquet offers blackberry and dark spice.
Aromas suggest fennel, leafy underbrush, tobacco and licorice. The fruit has already faded quite a bit, revealing tart cherries alongside astringent tannins that generate a mouth-puckering close.
This well-balanced, estate-grown Pinot Noir combines elegance with accessibility. It's a lovely mix of flower and red berry scents and flavors. A hint of rose petal adds a gentle touch to the finish.
Nutty and melon-scented, this is a medium-bodied Chardonnay with distinct tangerine and spice components Lohr attributes to the “Muscat clone” used in this wine. Finishes with a flourish of buttery richness. This would pair beautifully with cold crab.
Zippy, grassy aromas with a touch of floral sweetness typify the nose of this wine, while on the palate, good acidity and fresh flavors are balanced by a round, complex mouthfeel. A fun Sauvignon Blanc with added character, it will pair with everything from a marinated seafood salad to richer poultry dishes.
This is a big, sweetly oaked wine notable for its ripe flavors and sheer opulence. It's distinctly Californian in the massive, rather jammy blackberries, cherries and raspberries, and shows good balance in the richness of tannins and savory acidity. Delicious as it is, it's all primary fruit now. Give it 2–3 years to mellow.
A solid, well-made example of Columbia Valley Syrah, this shows mixed boysenberry and raspberry fruit flavors that are accented lightly with peppery spice. It's a modest wine in terms of volume and density, but proportionate and true to variety.
Agostino Marsuret proposes this fresh sparkling wine made with Glera, Verdiso and Perera grapes. The soft sparkler offers just a touch of sweetness with easy layers of peach and grapefruit that pull back slowly.
At nearly five years of age, this wine tastes like it was just bottled. It's still juicy and fresh in raspberries, cherries and spices, with a sweet, clean finish. A pretty, polished and complex wine to drink now and over the next 6–8 years.
The wood leaps out over the delicate, sweet fruit. The burnt character touched with caramel is fine, but less wood would definitely help.
This is an elegant, smooth wine with fresh clean fruit aromas. It has crispness, concentration and just a hint of spice.
Full-bodied and supple in texture, this plummy Shiraz offers plenty of enjoyment at a realistic price. Vanilla and brown sugar notes frame blueberries and spice, with just a hint of bitterness apparent on the finish. Drink now–2012.
The vineyard is located in the Chehalem Mountain AVA (not shown on the label) and reflects the dark, earthy characteristics of the region. Fruit is spicy, tart and tightly wound, mixing black raspberry, black cherry and a sip of Dr Pepper. That blackness continues with some licorice threading through the finish.
Leathery plum and raspberry aromas are earthy and emphasize red-fruit qualities over black ones. A hard, tannic mouthfeel is drubbing, while a fully oaked flavor profile includes vanilla, butter and other oak-based notes in addition to raspberry and plum. A creamy, oaky flavor leads the way on a woody finish. Drink through 2030.
Sweet oak tones frame the black cherry and currant fruit in this wine, with notes of mocha and raspberry sauce atop. The velvety texture offers good tannic grip, while ample acidity helps to keep the palate fresh and the finish lifted. Drink now.
The best of this year's crop of Saint Clair Pinots is the Pioneer Block 4, which boasts dark and mysterious aromas of damp earth and ripe plums. It's full bodied and creamy in texture, with hints of mocha emerging on the supple finish. Drink now–2015.
This wine is tight and mineral textured. Still young, taut and nervy, orange zest flavors are blended with apple and grapefruit acidity. There is a juicy concentration that develops in the glass and will become more dominant as the wine ages. Drink from 2017.
Fairly pungent and lively for an '09, with citric, grapefruit aromas. The palate is still fairly vivid and driving, and the flavors of lemon-lime and green apple are true if a touch pithy. Just zesty enough on the finish, but it's starting to fade. Drink now.
This two-vineyard blend of two-thirds Merlot and one-third Cabernet Sauvignon is a well-balanced mix of brambly berry flavors, with details of leaf and clean earth. Both vineyards are well established and are located in prime Cabernet country on Red Mountain.
Light, but elegant and flavorful, this spry 1999 shows creamy cherry and light toast aromas, tart dried-cherry and chalk notes on the palate. Bright acidity keeps the fruit lively, and mild tarragon notes add interest.
Aromas of candied fruits, flowers and a perky citric edge give this white a fun and exotic feel. On the palate, soft flavors of lemon curd, orange marmalade, fresh fruit and spice are in balance and will appeal to fans of a slightly less-dry Greek white. Pretty and easy drinking.
Everything about this Cabernet argues for cellaring. With a little Merlot and Cabernet Franc, it's enormously complex, with fruit flavors that range from blackberries and cherries to black currants. There's also a pleasant herbaceousness that suggests sweet green peas. The tannins are significant, so let it develop bottle complexity until 2016.
A blend of Dugger Creek, Summit View and Watermill fruit, this wine shows pleasing aromas of herb, flowers and dried tobacco. The flavors are silky and palate coating, showing a very pretty sense of precision.
Remarkably strong cinnamon characterizes the nose of this old-vine wine, which also shows red and black cherries, potpourri and gingerbread on the nose. Black raspberries, cranberry-pomegranate juice, dark chocolate, purple flowers, black pepper and cardamom entertain the palate, which also offers decent acidity and grip, but finishes quickly.
A fine Chard, richly oaked and ripely forward in tropical fruit, pear and green apple flavors wrapped into a spicy, buttercreamy mouthfeel. Really nails the California style.
Pretty textbook Brunello with smooth bright berry nuances packed in a traditional, tight body. Good acidity and firmness with well structured, silky tannin.
The chalk soil of Pouilly shows through strongly in this tightly textured wine. It has acidity, a steely edge as well as fresh currant and apple fruit flavors. Still coming together, it needs to age and will be best from 2016.
Underbrush, Mediterranean herb, sunbaked soil and a whiff of sea breeze are some of the aromas you'll find on this blend of 55% Cabernet Sauvignon, 25% Merlot, 10% Cabernet Franc and 10% Petit Verdot. The round chewy palate offers dried black cherry, star anise, grilled bell pepper and espresso alongside velvety tannins. Enjoy over the next several years.
92-94 Great black currant flavors, with lovely fresh acidity, a lot of spice from new wood. There is lovely acidity here as well, a stylish wine.
The granite soil of the Lindenberg vineyard produces a wine that is steely, tight, packed with as much acidity and mineral texture as fruit. It has layers of acidity and fruit over this firm, young structure. This complex wine needs to age, so drink from 2017.
This big, spicy wine shows the strides that have been made at Lamothe-Guignard over the last five years. The character of the wine is powerful, sweetness concentrated into a hugely rich texture, flavors of sweet peach and lychee showing through, all the time balanced.
The name Mãe translates as “mother vine” and this wine, made from the oldest vines on the estate, delves back into the roots of winemaking by using traditional open fermenting tanks and long wood aging. It is concentrated and ripe, still full of tannins and a powerful, dry and smoky structure. Age this wine for several years and drink from 2020.
This Cab is so attractive to drink now that most people will lose the opportunity to age it. Don't be one of them. As delicious as it is now in blackberries and chocolate, it will be better in 2015 or 2016. But don't hold it much beyond that.
Here's a thick and sweet-smelling Orvieto Classico Superiore (a blend of Grechetto, Procanico and a small part of Chardonnay) that sports a deep golden color and opulent aromas of butterscotch, honey, apricot, exotic fruit and toasted nut. The wine is extremely soft and succulent in the mouth with long-lasting flavors of apricot and almond.
Dark spice, cherry, plum, prune and bitter chocolate characterize this Bolgheri blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and other varieties. The wine is soft, lush and generous on the close.
Loads of balsam intensity with eucalyptus, ground ginger, cola, dried fruit and crème de cassis. This wine also adds a pretty floral note of red rose petal or potpourri that really steals the show. Loads of balance and complexity. Smooth, long finish, good length. Drink after 2015.
This is very aromatic, with lively acidity, a soft and creamy texture, and a rounded yellow-fruit flavor that's balanced by a citrus note. It is elegant, rich and worth aging for another year.
Very subtle notions of nettle and ripe, yellow mirabelle plum play on the nose. The palate displays the same juicy notions and bounces with the ample fruit of 2015, tempered by spicy grapefruit zestiness. This offers a wonderful interplay of ripeness and just the right amount of refreshing tartness.
Full of jammy Merlot fruits, this is a smooth ripe wine. Dried fruits and tannins give the wine its varietal character. They are freshened by the acidity and black-currant fruitiness. The aftertaste allows the firm tannins to shine. Drink from 2017.
This is a gloriously juicy wine, full of melon, apricot and the brightest citrus flavors. This fruit salad is given structure by the wood and the tangy, zesty edge. It drinks well now, still young and fresh, but will be better aged. Drink from 2016.
A beautiful rosé, pale in color, dry and crisp in acidity. It's an elegant, elusive and tantalizing wine, rich and complex in raspberry, orange zest, mineral, vanilla, wildflower and white pepper flavors. Only 106 cases were produced.
There's a lot going on in the expressive bouquet of this wine—ripe, brambly raspberry, cocoa powder, cinnamon, clove and licorice root. Those notes continue through to the satiny palate, where medium tannins lend ample texture and grip to the long, spicy finish. Drink now–2017.
This simple, fruity, red-berry-flavored wine has bright acidity along with soft tannins. It's a great barbecue style of wine, fruity and ready to go with grilled meat.
Violet, mature plum, black cherry, vanilla and espresso jump out of the glass of this savory wine. The juicy palate is balanced with supple tannins and remarkable freshness for the vintage. Enjoy it now to capture the succulent fruit.
Equal proportions of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot give this wine a ripe character. The wood aging shows in the smoky flavors that underline the juicy black-currant fruits. The wine is attractive and will soon show its fruitiness. Drink from 2019.
A very pure wine, its red berry fruits dominating lively acidity as well as a tight, tannic, dry core.
Sharp and pricked, with a tartness that detracts. Also tastes like it has residual sugar, in the raspberry-mocha cookie sweetness.
There's a slightly oxidized sense to this blend of 40% Grenache Blanc, 30% Viognier and 30% Roussanne, with aromas of dried peach, apricot, sourdough bread and lightly toasted marcona almonds. The flavors are very much powered by yellow flowers, with saffron and scorched lemon elements.
Made from 100% Sangiovese, this shows bright berry nuances that are simple and clean. Notes of cherry and raspberry, plus a touch of bitter almond, are recognizable. The palate feels crisp and bright.
With just over 200 cases made, Maronea is a precious blend of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and Petit Verdot that opens with huge concentration and plush aromas of ripe cherry, blackberry and chocolate. The tannins are firm and determined: The finish is accented by sweet fruit.
Here's a blend of Merlot and Franconia (aged 48 months in oak) with straightforward aromas of cherry fruit and underbrush. The wine is smooth and offers slight sweetness followed by some sour notes on the close.
Villero is a bright and traditional wine with a lean, compact appearance and sharp aromas of small berries, almond and anise seed. It's a well-defined wine with firm, tight tannins and a cooling menthol-like finish. Drink after 2012.
From young vines on valley floor vineyards, this is a simple but delicious wine. Ginger, cinnamon and lime come together to give freshness with a twist. The finish is crisp. Screwcap.
Honey and saffron accent pristine peach and floral aromas on this wine from Robert Weil's historic “tower hill” vineyard. It's extravagantly ripe with yellow stone-fruit and tangerine flavors, yet dancing on the palate with zesty lime acidity and a shimmering mineral streak that lingers on the finish. Complex and penetrating from start to finish.
A fresh, crisp style of Soave, brimming with green plum and light acidity. It has concentration and a light touch in equal measure.
There's a pleasantly oxidized element to this wine from Michael Mooney (who also makes Chateau Margene from Paso Robles' Creston district). Aromas recall honey and dried apricots, mangos and bananas. The flavors carry that forward, with caramelized apples, melted marshmallow and all types of dried fruit, but with lots of acidic verve too.
Very dry, crisp, grapefruit and green apple flavors pile through this wine. There is some spice, hints of kiwi and a layer of apple skin tannins. All these intense flavors explode from the glass.
Familia Schroeder is making good, restrained wines in Neuquén. This Merlot won't rock your world but it will deliver firm, fresh raspberry flavors, food-friendly acidity and solid tannins. And it's even got some chewy sweetness.
IThe nose is all prune and dessicated berry, while the palate is low on acid and feels heavy. Flavors of baked berry and raisin finish the same.
This is a bold ripe wine that is dominated by firm while juicy Tannat. Named after the characteristic black berets worn by the menfolk of Gascony, the wine is powerful and dense with black fruits and balanced acidity. Drink this already enjoyable wine now, or better from 2018.
The multi-dimensional, hedonistic nose of honey and exotic spices promises big things to come. The palate could have a bit more complexity but overall we have few complaints. A crisp finish keeps the slight residual sugar from seeming cloying.
This wine smells like an ice cream sundae, with scents of mint-chocolate chip and cookie dough, plus touches of strawberry and cherry sauce. Light to medium bodied, it has a malleable midpalate, but the tannins gain astringency on the finish. As the wine sits in the glass, the fruit seems to fall away, and the palate becomes more brittle feeling.
Winemaker Peter Rosback spends a month each year making wine in New Zealand, and captures some of the same fresh, grassy character in this Sauvignon Blanc from the Oregon slice of the Columbia Valley. Bone dry, dusty, sweetly herbal and a bit softer than the 2007, this brings similar fruit flavors, hinting at white peach, lemon rind and pineapple. Lovely finish.
As in earlier vintages, this is three quarters Cabernet, one quarter Merlot, from McClellan Estate, Lewis and Seven Hills fruit. You will find a clear and varietal flavor mix of cassis, herb and bark, with some spice and chocolate accents from barrel aging in half-new French oak. Good balance and persistence.
This stylish and affordable Chenin hits all the right notes with its full-bodied nose of fresh fruit, spice and citrus and balanced, pretty flavors of tropical fruit. Slightly curvy but still fresh, it's a white with energy and extra character.
Too sweet and sharp for balance, with an acetic bite to the rich raspberry, cherry, cola, cocoa and spice flavors. The blend is Merlot, Sangiovese and Cabernet Sauvignon.
This is a ripe, open and fruity wine, that's still very fresh and crisp. It has fragrant apple flavor, soft texture and a bright and juicy core that radiates a rounded character with finishing acidity. Screwcap.
This perennial stud struts its stuff once again. Smoke, spice and red-fruit aromas are perfectly interwoven, while the wine itself flows with agile zest. Maybe it doesn't have the layering of the amazing '99, but it's gargantuan on the midpalate and the finish is exotic as it deals nutmeg, marzipan, chocolate, cassis and mint. A proverbial kitchen-sink wine worthy of its reputation. Imported by Michael Skurnik Wines.
Like a lemon-cream pastry in a bottle, this low-yield, hillside-grown wine has buttery, creamy aromas, rich almond and bright lemon flavors and a soft, nearly sweet finish. Not too full-bodied, it's a bit lighter in texture than many, because of that fresh lemony acidity to buoy it up.
Very sweet in white sugared apricot and tangerine flavors, this wine fortunately has enough crisp acidity for balance. Caters to the current liking for sweet Moscato.
Retro makes one of the best, most consistent Petite Sirahs in California. Even though they used to source their fruit from Howell Mountain and this bottling now is from Pope Valley and Calistoga, it still shows the same qualities of complex interest based on impeccable winemaking. It's an amazing wine, dry, full-bodied and tannic, with a complex range of berries, currants, herbs and white pepper. Truly a Petite Sirah for Cabernet lovers. Drink now–2020.
A rich, viscous combination of 55% Roussanne, 35% Grenache Blanc and 10% Viognier, this offers a bite of creamy vanilla amidst layered, hearty and concentrated flavors of lemon chiffon. Fermented in oak and stainless steel, it aged for 11 months in French oak, only 28% of it new.
A compelling Port-like wine made from Petite Sirah, ZInfandel and Syrah grapes aged more than 10 years to form this mix of almonds and sweet apple pie laced with caramel, smooth and easy to drink and pleasant in its Armagnac-like aromas. The almonds come back, laced in maple syrup, on the finish.
Thick in the mouth, with sour lemon and barely ripe pineapple flavors, somewhat balanced against more delicate orange peel. The alcohol is 10%, yet despite the residual sugar the wine tastes quite tart.
A beautifully perfumed wine, with ripe flavors, soft and rounded, hints of tropical fruits as well as spice and honey. Intense and full-bodied.
Bland and oily on the nose, with a mushy palate that's pickled and isn't bringing much to the table. The wine is lemony and green, with a tangle of briney citrus flavors and low acidity. Proves that no oak does not mean no faults.
This Vermentino  opens with ripe peach aromas with citrus and even a playful hint of green lime. But power and a slightly alcoholic aftertaste are what appear on the close.
Good price for a Napa Valley Petite Sirah this rich and balanced. It's not one for the cellar, but is nice for drinking now, for its soft, gentle flavors of raspberries, cherries, blackberries and toast.
Aged five years in cask, this has a dry edge with a light poise to it. It has a good, sweet raisin character, on the dry side.
Standoffish oak and hot black-cherry aromas are fiery. This nonvintage Mencía is raw and rough on the nose. Woody, resiny flavors sit on top of berry fruit, showing only residual oak on the finish.
Made with Aglianico grapes, this elegantly pink rosé offers sweet berry aromas of raspberry and blueberry followed by floral notes and a touch of almond marzipan. The mouthfeel is tonic and clean and more berry flavors color the finish.
A rich, opulent Cabernet, made in the modern style. It's firm in tannins and dense with blackberry, currant, olive, dark chocolate and new oak flavors, but is really too young to drink now. Give it at least 6–8 years.
Aromas of black and white pepper and raw meat are redolent on this wine. The palate is all about feel, freshness and texture, without a trace of new wood in sight and a finish that lingers. It's a unique example of the variety that focuses on subtlety and nuance.
New Zealand's best known winery does a consistently good job with the Burgundian varieties, not just Sauvignon Blanc. The chunky, medium-bodied 2010 Pinot Noir displays ample intensity, length and complexity. Its savory style shows dark cherry fruit, with hints of mocha and grilled meat. Drink now–2020.
On the dry side, with caramel and strawberry flavors, this is an attractive, bright rosé, as fresh as they come.
Here's a wine that opens with aromas of tropical fruit and a hint of butterscotch. The one dimensional palate offers restrained peach, citrus and apple, along with a drying note of bitter almond on the finish.
An inverted GSM with Mourvèdre (80%) taking the lead followed by Syrah (15%) and Grenache, this aromatic wine offers notes of smoke, coffee and peppery spices. It's elegantly styled with a lithe feel.
This wine is very fruity, fresh and crisp while also showing texture and tight apple-skin flavors. Refreshing acidity brings out the fragrant, fresh aftertaste.
89-91 Smooth, opulent with tannins firmly buried in the sweet acidity. Black plum juice flavors go with the ripe fruits and just a touch of spice.
A ripe, fruity wine that is bone-dry but so full of red fruits that it seems soft. It's a delicious, lightly textured wine with a good touch of minerality at the end. Drink now.
The vines in the prestigious Sainte-Victoire appellation produce a ripe wine, lightly structured and with nervy energy. Apricots and red berries give plenty of richness to this attractive wine. Drink now.
Very much a baby, this is one big, bold, burly Cab-Merlot-Syrah blend that's filled to the brim with extracted plum fruit, bitter chocolate and earth. It takes a long time in the glass for it to lose its youthful, funky aromatics, and on the palate things are still a bit scattered. But in due time things will settle and integrate
This Riesling's fruit is from a 70-year-old Eden Valley vineyard; half the wine was vinified by Jeff Grosset at Polish Hill, the other half was vinified by Rob Hill Smith at Yalumba. Once the wine was all brought together, Grosset and Hill-Smith, as the story goes, took four days to decide on the final blend. The wine's at once viscous and very dry, with stone fruit, vanilla bean and some floral flavors. Green apple rounds out the long, dry finsih.
Cantina Terlano delivers textbook Pinot Grigio that is fruity, fragrant and creamy smooth in the mouth without ever appearing heavy or flat. You'll get aromas of yellow fruit, mature lemon and natural rubber with sweet peach flavors in the mouth.
This has a delicious tang of citrus and acidity to go with the crisp red currant fruitiness. It is bright and ready to drink, with refreshing acidity at the end.
Tempting aromas of cherries, raspberries, earth and light spices precede lively flavors of cherry, cinnamon and clove. These partner with medium body and a gentle texture that has just a touch of crispness and tannin.
Lush and mouth-filling, this is a plummy rendering of Châteauneuf-du-Pape that's ready to drink. Hints of green peppercorn and mocha add nuance, while the finish is long and voluptuous.
This is St. Supery's other Chardonnay, the oaked one. It's not super-oaky, but it does have buttercream and vanilla notes in addition to the wine's apricot, peach and tangerine flavors. It's a very dry, somewhat tart but elegant wine.
Compact, concentrated and clean, with all its components in place. The bouquet is dark with charcoal, but bright with berry fruit aromas. The mouthfeel is comfortable and balanced, with sweet berry flavors offset by mild spice and proper oak. Soft tannins define the finish; a fine Malbec that doesn't overdo it.
Massive, dense, oaky young Syrah, rich and impressive in ripe fruit. The cherries, raspberries and sweet milk chocolate are delicious, and complexed with darker, animal notes that, with the tannins, give the wine weight and gravity.
89-91 Barrel sample. The wine has a rustic edge, over very juicy fruit, very blackcurrant, and with a high acid content. It feels light.
High-toned, red cherry fruit aromas on this bold, full-bodied Croatian Pinot transition nicely to a deeply concentrated black fruit palate sprinkled with cocoa and vanilla notes. The texture is lush overall, but grape tannins feel harsh and grippy on the finish.
This value-priced label has turned out a notably successful 2009 Shiraz, combining red currants with enough meaty, savory elements to possess real interest. It's medium in body and fleshy yet crisp, making it very drinkable over the near term.
Fine, fresh currant flavors topped with citrus are found on a wine whose aromas are all Sauvignon Blanc. There is a weighty element to give body, but the wine is mainly bright and fresh.
An entry-level wine from the pioneering vintner, this works as an everyday sipper, with notes of black cherry, crushed clove and tarry earth on the nose. The medium-bodied palate offers grippy cranberry flavors with dark spice and a tart sizzle.
An easy wine that's marked by sweet lemon, lime and vanilla flavors. The zesty acids provide needed balance.
Red fruits and a cool edge characterize this wine from the highest elevation of the Beaujolais cru villages. It has red cherry fruitiness, a crisp layer of acidity and a dry, smoky aftertaste. Drink from 2018.
A pleasant and cleanly made quaffing wine with plenty of berry and black-cherry fruit and a strong menthol streak running right through to the finish. A bit rough around the edges; might show better with a country-style dish of stewed chicken.
Light and touched with white pepper and fresh herb, this juicy young Barbera actually tastes like the grape; it's not just generic. Flavors combine strawberry, sour cherry and tobacco leaf; there's a residual flavor of licorice in the finish.
Made in a crisp, dry style, this is leaner than many other New Zealand Pinot Gris, marked by its taut texture and subtle notes of almond skin, barely ripe melon and tart citrus. It makes for a refreshing sipper, or a fine foil to delicate fish dishes.
Fermented in a mix of new and used oak, this remains quite oaky in the nose and in the mouth. It will require more time to fully integrate. The fruit is light and somewhat bland, but the overall balance and freshness are impressive, and this is a fine go-to bottle for summer sipping.
Kumeu's entry-level Chardonnay shows less concentrated fruit and less oak influence than its big siblings, but nonetheless displays ample pineapple and pear fruit in a full-bodied format. The oak is barely noticeable, making the wine straightforward and easy to drink.
This elegant, soft red starts with layers of cherry, warming spice, vanilla and mint, and leads into flavors of red berry, cinnamon, pepper and spice. Subtle but structured, it's a classy sip.
This youthful, tannic wine needs time in the glass to unfold, benefiting from the additions of 10% Cabernet Sauvignon and 5% Cabernet Franc. A reductive style shows slightly on the nose before streaks of soy, leather and tobacco provide plenty of savory elements with which to play.
This pristine Prosecco Brut offers drying mineral tones framed by delicate notes of stone fruit and spring blossoms. This is an elegant and linear wine with a direct and immediate personality. You'll get soft peach flavors and a clean, crisp close.
Named after the chapel of Château la Gordonne, which is an historic monument, this wine is a rich rendition of ripe red fruits and a generous texture. It is concentrated, with a tannic edge that gives bite to the aftertaste. It could even age a few months and will be great with the Thanksgiving turkey.
Drinking well now, with smoke and earth aromas that easily slide into cola, black cherry and plum flavors. Plump in the mouth, but with crisp acids that may take over in another few years. Drink up.
A blend of 75% Sangiovese, with additions of Merlot and Sagrantino, this opens with spicy aromas of cinnamon and crushed clove, with background tones of blackberry, cherry cola and black licorice. Pair this with veal and wild mushrooms.
Wood-aged and ripe, this is a full, generous blend of Alicante Bouschet, Touriga Franca and Touriga Nacional. Full of rounded black fruits and firm tannins, it needs further aging to bring out the full suppleness and richness. Drink from 2019.
The reserve gets a little tighter selection and an extra new oak barrel or two; it brings a broad, strawberry-flavored palate, with accents of pine and forest. The finish is lightly toasty, with a streak of dark chocolate.
Made with Piedirosso and Aglianico, this young juicy red opens with aromas of fragrant purple flower, dark berry, clove and a tarry note. The fresh easy-drinking palate doles out mouthfuls of red cherry, raspberry and brown pepper alongside soft tannins. Enjoy soon.
Flavors of juicy red and black cherry, licorice, sandalwood and spice abound in this dry, savory Merlot. It's easy to drink with burgers, steaks or lamb.
The Loureiro is the grape of the central part of Vinho Verde. Here it gives a citrus-driven wine that has a mineral texture and ripe acidity. It is ready to drink.
Earthy, like some Napa Chards, with a sage and thyme edge to the pear and peach fruit. The wine also is a little soft. But there's an interesting minerality. Could develop bottle complexity over the next few years.
Strawberry and tomato aromas are hot and edgy. The palate is snappy and not short on acid, while it tastes of spiced red plum, tea and herbs. Peppery and herbal on the finish, and zesty all the way through.
Raspberry, red plum, chili pepper and balsamic aromas make for a complex, intriguing nose. This is 50% Cabernet Sauvignon, with 35% Syrah and 15% Tannat. It's juicy, rugged and spunky on the palate, with tomato-like acidity. Flavors of roasted plum and red pepper finish with heat, herbal notes and saltiness. Drink through 2021.
Fragrantly floral, it offers ripe red fruit in delicate balance, its tannins softened and the oak imprint kept at a minimum. The vines are thought to be more than 25 years old, the clone and rootstock unknown. An elegant, tightly woven Syrah.
A big, chunky tannic wine, loaded with black-cherry fruit. The structure is there to age awhile, and 15 months in 50% new French oak has added notes of coffee and dark chocolate. There's a hint of tar, and overall an impression of bridled power. Drink now through 2025.
Here's a dark, plush and modern Barbera with thick, chocolate tones followed by spice, espresso and blackberry. You'll get a whiff of the grape's natural acidity, but in the case of this well-crafted wine, its thickness, density and extraction dominate the experience overall.
Dried herbs and banana,  followed by crushed stone and spice, comprise a layered and striking bouquet. You'll taste intense banana fruit in the mouth with tart acidity and pizzazz on the close. Imported by Blavod Extreme Spirits.
Definitely on the sugary, sweet side, this Zin also tastes hot and peppery, despite an official alcohol reading of only 14.5%.
Few vintners get fruit from the coveted Alban Vineyard, but Failla's Ehren Jordan does. He takes advantage of the brisk acidity and purity of fruit found in the vineyard's grapes. Dry and full-bodied, this delivers elaborate tropical fruit, peach, honey and spice flavors.
Soft and gentle in structure, this Cab appeals for its ripe, pie-filling flavors of blackberries, cherries and spices. It's a pretty, polished young wine whose vigorous tannins give it a sandpapery texture. Ready now.
Very lifted notes of camphor precede a light-bodied, refreshing white and remain within touching distance throughout. This is a fresh, if unusual, Riesling.
Modest and delightful, with pretty fragrances of orange zest. The clean fruit flavors are persistent and refreshing.
This is a frankly delicious young Cabernet, hailing from a small vineyard to showcase its qualities. It's deeply flavored in blackberries and currants, with the most delicious dark chocolate sweetness. Yet it also has the tannic backbone to last. It's one of those wines you can drink now, or age for at least six years to see what it can do.
Dark and leathery up front, with a dusting of nutmeg and sawdust. Feels a bit grabby and resiny, but it's boasting enough acidity to push things through. Flavors of cassis, berry and herbs are normal and nice, while the finish is warm and chunky. Good Cabernet for the price.
This is a very fruity, honeyed wine that needs to be paired with equally powerful foods. It tastes of apricot, orange and pineapple jam, brightened by crisp acidity. The blend is Grenache Blanc, Viognier and Roussanne.
This new lineup from Columbia Crest features fruit exclusively from the Horse Heaven Hills AVA, which provides a welcome focus to the wines. Fruit-powered, but more substantial than either the Grand Estates or the Two Vines, this shows persistent flavors of tangy raspberry and blackberry, moderate acids and plenty of cocoa in the finish.
A serious personality comes from oaky, earthy aromas and flavors, a bit of welcome astringency and good acidity. It seems full bodied, dry and rich enough in texture to be appealing without losing the tanginess underneath.
A blend of Baga and Cabernet Sauvignon, this is a powerful wine. Densely tannic and firmly dry, it is also rich and structured. The acidity from the black currant fruitiness shows strongly. It is not a shy wine, all guns blazing. It is a shame about the heavy bottle. Drink from 2018.
Exotic, offering up scents of oranges and apricots, then folding flavors of melon and spice on the palate. It's broad but basically balanced; round yet with adequate acids, picking up hints of citrus pith on the finish.
The inaugural release from this winery from Sleight of Hand Cellars' production winemaker Keith Johnson is a blend of Mourvèdre (90%), Syrah (8%) and Grenache Blanc. Stylistically somewhat unique for Washington, it brings brooding aromas of sauvage, herb, smoked meat and white pepper, along with a bit of reduction. The fruit flavors are pure and bring an appealing sense of texture. Give it time to open up and pair it with food to see it at its best.
Exotic and decadent, with violets, spice, anise, clove and vanilla scents making for a complex opening. The palate is accented by tangy orange peel tones that shape the finish. Drink now.
Alcamo is one of the best areas in Sicily for white wine production. This creamy blend of Sauvignon Blanc and Catarratto opens with honey, apricot and Golden Delicious apple. The mouthfeel is rich and dense, and you can feel the smooth texture glide across the palate.
Delicate aromas of mature apple, pear and a whiff of aromatic herb lead the nose. On the enjoyable palate, savory notes of grilled herb and a delicate hint of bread crust add depth to honeydew melon and citrus.
A wine that shows more of the structure of 2009 than the year's richness. It has tannins, red berry fruit, spice from new wood and layers of acidity. It could age well another six months.
This is a very nice Petite Sirah, rich and soft and dry, although it's not quite as complex as Ursa's Sierra Foothills bottling. The cherry, blackberry, cola, leather and raw red meat flavors are forward and ripe, and definitive of the variety.
The nutty, smoky notes on the nose are overshadowed by taut, high-octane alcohol-mineral scents. The stony, mineral-laden palate also shows earthy, apple-oatmeal flavors. The mouthfeel is full, yet tight (we could say ripe, but it's not fruit-driven wine). This unusual offering fades long but closed, with hints of spice and coffee. Previous tastings of Mt. Carmel have proved it a tough read when young. Hold and taste in three years.
A lovely notion of ripe mirabelle and clean citrus makes for an appealing nose. The palate highlights the mirabelle with a honeyed rich sweetness that is juicy and appetizing. A touch of spice seems reminiscent of dark fir honey. The lemon brightens and invigorates this full-fruited richness. The finish is long and medium-sweet.
Typically earthy in style, this is an elegant version of one of the Douro's lesser grapes. It has a red plum flavor and sweet tannins, with a soft, rounded structure. It should be consumed soon while it's still fruity.
A bit spicy and murky at first, but with airing some cranberry and pepper notes come up strong. The fruit flavor falls squarely into the cherry category, yet it's sweet and a bit simple. Roundness and a nice body work in the wine's favor; overall it's fairly chewy and substantive.
An eclectic blend of 55% Ruby Cabernet and 45% Tempranillo turns out an off-beat wine, with smoke and char notes dominating the nose and a tinge of perfumed hand soap hanging behind the raspberry fruit in the mouth. It's pointedly crisp, with slightly overworked tannins but an agreeable final note of mixed berries.
A new offering from this partnership, this wine brings aromas of jasmine, lime and dried Nestea Ice Tea. It tingles the palate with lightly spritzy, off-dry lemon and peach flavors with a floral finish.
The Treehouse spent 18 months in 15% new French oak, and has light flavors of cherry and root beer. The tannins are earthy with astringent, green tea flavors, and a hint of stem in the finish.
Steely and compact, this rather reluctantly opens to reveal subtle complexity. The mix of tart blueberry and blackberry fruit is accompanied by scents of cured meat, menthol and garrigue. It spent 18 months in a mix of barrels and puncheons, yielding a pleasant finishing impression of cedar. Decant this for at least an hour or two.
Big and structured, this wine is currently dominated by tannins, but it shows a hint of its intense fruit and potential. The red and black fruits are rich and ripe, and they promise future balance. Age this for at least 7–8 years.
Late-disgorged and made from nearly equal parts Pinot Noir and Chardonnay, this wine has benefitted from aging in the bottle, giving it time to build up sublimely nuanced texture that's richly layered in nutty apple and strawberry. Dry, the wine is balanced and crisp, a fine companion for the table.
The nose is overwhelmed by oak sensations of roasted coffee bean, espresso and toast. The marked wood influence carries over to the palate, which displays oak extract, coconut, coffee, chocolate, vanilla and plum accents alongside drying wood tannins and racy acidity. There's no fruit richness to stand up to the dominant oak.
Full-bodied, dry and complex, with spicy, stem-infused herb and earthy textures and flavors covering the underlying notes of blackberries, plums, raw meat, anise and smoke. Distinctive and compelling, and the considerable tannins strongly suggest aging. Now-2014.
Tilts the scale on the heavy side. The nose is bolstered by weighty applesauce and petrol yet the palate is surprisingly lean and lemony in terms of flavors. Rather oily, and not endowed with much brightness.
This wine appears to need a bit more time to come fully into its own. Tight and dark with notes of blackberries, plum skin, burnt coffee residue and herbs, the full mouth is overcome by firm tannins on the finish, preventing much else from coming through on the end. Some aging (try at least a year) should bring things into balance.
This is taut, muscular, toasty, young and tight; the fruit is concentrated, pure and evocative, with earthy flavors that add notes of soil, spice and mineral. The most complex of all the Betz blends, in this vintage it includes 84% Cabernet Sauvignon—far and away the dominant flavor. The fruits unfold in a rich panoply of reds and blues; the tannins are rich and chewy, polished and complex, showing exemplary back of the palate grip and concentration.
Nicely laid out, with mineral, pungent green fruit and citrus aromas making for a good opening. The palate is crisp and chalky, with lime and grapefruit flavors. Additional lemon-lime works the finish. Not complicated but nice and fresh.
This reserve-level wine is sublime in stone fruit and lime as well as pear. The oak used for aging this wine was all neutral, and the taste and impact of it is unobtrusive. While vibrant in fruit, it also offers richer hints of caramel and graham cracker in complex and balanced ways, ending with persistence.
This bottling's slightly dank nose recalls the front lawn being cut on a hot summer day, but a warmer, more inviting peach and nectarine fruit component awaits in the background. The palate is tangy with sharp lime peels and a bit tarry.
This rose-colored Sardinian wine has very good depth and complexity and appears luminous in the glass thanks to gorgeous pink highlights. The nose offers small berries, crushed pomegranate, ripe fruit and a dash of medicinal herbs: From the island's Carignano grape variety.
From a vineyard planted on the island of Margaux in the Gironde estuary, this soft wine has stalky fruits, very berry, burnished with wood and given a spicy character. It is ready to drink now, the acidity and juicy finale dominant.
This is an intensely herbaceous wine that's very crisp, green and mineral driven. It's a textured wine that's tangy, nervy and full of fruit. Delicious to drink now for its freshness, but it will age for 2–3 years. Glass stopper.
This wine shows light floral-talc aromas on the nose, and citrus and white stone fruit flavors on the palate. It's light and straightforward, with a likeable, crisp feel.
Notes of sweet quince preserves, lilac and lavender gently perfume this aromatic late-harvest Riesling. Quite voluptuous in body, with rich fruit flavor and a lush, creamy texture, it finishes long, with a hint of sweetness that's balanced by brisk white-tea astringency.
This taut, tangy Pinot Noir displays plenty of intensity but lacks any sense of elegance. Maraschino cherries lead the way, ending up a bit rough and warm on the finish.
Too strong in green, feline smells and tastes, this dry, sharp wine has modest flavors of grapefruits and lemons.
Rubbery and spicy in the nose, with a hint of orange peel. In the mouth, a heavy flatness sets in fast. The wine seems old, and for a rosé, it is. It just sits on your palate, tasting o.k. but needing a poke in the ribs.
It's a good thing Garagiste Festival cofounder Stewart McLennan caught the winemaking bug. This delicious bottling shows black currant, plum, blueberry, fennel, lavender, vanilla and gingerbread spice on the nose. Elegant purple-flower elements kick off the palate, and then come waves of blueberry-chiffon cake, blackberry juice, sea-salt caramel and a touch of vanilla.
This is a lean wine with considerable structure and acidity but perhaps not enough fruit. There is a green edge to the fruit although the tannins are ripe enough. It is ready to drink now.
Winemakers: Adi Badenhorst and Duncan Savage. A blend of 65% Shiraz, 27% Grenache and 8% Cinsault, this blend made by two friends is bright and vibrant, much like their personalities. The bouquet is brimming with fruity character, expressed in waves of boysenberry, blueberry and raspberry, all hit by accents of pressed purple violets and fresh fynbos. The medium-weight palate is full in body and flavor, with a texture like crushed velvet and lingering flavors of spiced berries and chewy chocolate brownie on the long, evolving finish. A baby right now, though delicious, it should age well through 2026.
The vineyard name is a combination of the two prevalent soil types, Nekia and WillaKenzie. Along with sweet cherry fruit comes a defining minerality—a streak of iron running through the heart of the wine. Balanced nicely, with gentle acidity and sculpted tannins. In the finish you pick up an elegant streak of green tea.
This fresh and bright rosé opens with a peachy-pink color and aromas of simple fruit, raspberry and cranberry. It's tight and tonic in the mouth with a simple, clean close.
Aromas of new wood follow through with rich toast, balanced with black currant fruits. The wine is fresh, the acidity a strong presence along with a layer of dried fruit flavors and tannins.
Buttery and aromatic, this is a broad and ripe wine. It has attractive acidity as well, giving freshness and a sense of structure. It's rich, rounded and ready to drink.
If you're into dry table wines, you should know this seems to have a touch of sweetness. It has orange, apricot and vanilla flavors that are fortunately brightened with crisp acidity.
It's hard to distinguish much in the way of varietal character here, other than the higher acidity and hints of tobacco leaf. Otherwise, it's a thin, generic red wine.
Night-harvested to keep freshness, this wine has a bright, cool character. Lively acidity is filled out with spice, caramel and a peppery character. Wild strawberries and yellow-fruit flavors have just a light texture from the 20% Syrah in the blend. Drink now.
A sense of depth and gravity imbues this full-bodied and richly flavored wine. It smells woodsy and mushroomy along with lots of ripe plum. It feels broad and plump on the palate, is nicely supported by moderate tannins and acidity, and has a lingering finish.
Good density and maybe a touch reduced, this is a cool syrah with cola and chocolate accents. It's concentrated and meaty, with chewy tannins and plenty of body. Call it a voluminous New World wine with ripe fruit and a distinct milk chocolate wave on the finish.
For six generations, the Ferreira family has owned this estate, a parcel of which boasts 100-year-old vines planted as a traditional field blend. It yields an impressive, serious and ageworthy wine, with dense tannins, powerful ripe black-plum and damson fruit and a tight character recalling schist soil. Drink from 2023.
The winery has a good track record with Sauvignon Blancs from this vineyard. Now, they've produced a very good Syrah. It's a big, thick, Aussie Shiraz-style wine, with firm tannins housing flavors of blackberries, currants, mocha, sweet oak and black pepper. Dramatic and delicious.
Ripe and jammy, this is an immediately attractive wine. Warm crushed-strawberry flavors have enough tannin and acidity to keep freshness. This wine can be drunk now, although it will be better, with softer tannins, from 2016.
Astoria's Prosecco from the prestigious Cartizze vineyard delivers pristine notes of white mineral and stone fruit followed by a two-fold sensation of sweetness and crispness in the mouth. The wine's texture is naturally rich and foamy on the tongue.
Aromas of pineapple, lemon and stone fruits lead into a palate that is ripe and round, with apple butter and pear flavors. The finish is dry and fairly simple, with banana-like richness and tropical fruit notes, but also some late bitterness. Just two things hold it back: The texture is a bit flat, and the acidity could use a jolt.
A brilliant Pinot Noir, grown organically from the winery's new vineyard in a cool part of the coastal mountains. More tannic and acidic than Pinots from the estate vineyard in Green Valley, it offers lush, deep flavors of cherries, black raspberries, gingersnap cookies and almond biscotti. Just terrific, and will take a few years of bottle age in a cool cellar.
Cherry cough drops in a pleasant way on the nose, and then a medium-berry mouth, spice, light cedar and raspberries—there's a whole lot going on here. Not heavy on the complexity; rather it delivers clean fruit and simple spice.
Heady scents of honeysuckle, acacia and yellow stone fruit lead the way on this radiant white. On the vibrant, elegantly structured palate, energizing mineral frames mature apple, white peach, fresh apricot and chopped mint. Hold for even more complexity. Drink through 2023.
This appealing Bordeaux blend opens with seductive mocha and milk chocolate aromas, threaded with cedar and toast. The fruit stands up to the wood, with pretty berry and rhubarb flavors. Extra bottle age has smoothed it out.
The wine is smooth, soft and juicy. It has a fine balance, ripe with berry fruits and light with acidity and a easy-going texture. The oak aging has served to smooth any tannins, leaving a wine that is ready to drink.
Heavy, with blackberry and blueberry jam and pepper flavors wrapped into strong tannins. It's a dry, well-ripened wine, but needs greater liveliness and complexity, especially at this price.
87-89. Barrel sample. Structured and firm with cassis and spice, this wine is layered with wood, acidity and a delicious freshness.
Full, serious and ripe, with leather, animal and an underside of savory oak and bacon. Typical of the house style, the wine is lush and jammy, with syrupy black-fruit flavors setting up a composed, rich finish. Best for fans of hefty, New World reds.
Wow. This challenges the best of Canada for a great Gewürztraminer ice wine. A thrilling mix of flower, fruit, caramel, coffee (!) and honey, it is impeccably balanced and outrageously delicious. Just goes and goes.
Blackberry, plum, chocolate and tobacco aromas lead the nose on this structured wine. The palate offers roasted coffee bean, licorice, raisin and black pepper alongside tightly packed tannins that need time to unwind but for now leave an astringent, drying finish. You'll also detect the heat of alcohol on the finish.
Elegant and aromatic, this 2013 offers light flavors of apple and raspberry, a dusting of cocoa and excellent balance. It does feel a bit thin as it fades out, but keeps its definition and focus.
Concentrated citrus fruit sings on nose and palate. The body reveals a stony, mineral texture of exquisitely clean dryness. There is the slightest edge of pleasant bitterness, just like in dried lemon peel. Linear, concentrated with lots of citric backbone. Drink 2016–2025.
Primitivo is Zinfandel, according to University of California at Davis ampelographers (students of grape DNA), but that doesn't mean they taste the same, as this medium-weight southern Italian version proves. Dark cherry, leather, coffee and cocoa predominate here, with some nice spice, tar and a slight black pepperiness (maybe that's the Zin gene) on the finish.
Straw-yellow in the glass, this wine from organically grown, nearly 35-year-old vines shows iodine, citrus pith, yogurt and seared lemon peels in the restrained, minerally nose. The even-keeled, focused palate seamlessly integrates dairy elements with tangerine rinds and a mellow acidity.
Soft spice tones come into focus with ripe berry flavors, cherry preserves, dried prunes and figs. The wine also offers generous aromas of maple syrup, Spanish cedar and pipe tobacco, with lingering tones of root beer and cola. Pair this Valpolicella with honey-roasted ham and cloves. —M.L.
A rich, full-bodied and dry Syrah that shows fine terroir. It comes from an area, in the Gabilan Mountains of Monterey, that does not yet have a sub-appellation, but should. The wine is effusive in blackberries, black currants, mocha, pepper and cedar, with a sweetly exotic note of foie gras. Now–2012.
Blue fruit, herbs and brown spices vie for attention. The palate brings lighter-styled yet still generous-feeling fruit flavors that linger.
Tart, sugar-frosted fruit comes to mind—candied red-currant and passion-fruit preserve. This is a wine on a tight-rope walk between tropical richness and lively tartness—it is thus just made for desserts that put equally tart fruits center stage. Alluring and different, with a lifted edge of pine resin, this is certainly a wine for felicitous experimenting.
This is a fragrant, generous and ripe wine with apricot flavors and a warm character. It tastes of the sun, coming from a vineyard that faces almost due south. The background is never far from the more mineral character of great Chablis and this wine will keep this contrast as it ages. Drink from 2017.
Six months in French oak lend a rounded feel and delicate spice to pressed apple and lemon flavors in this wine. While less forward and fruity in style than most New York Sauvignon Blanc, its richer body and slightly salty, saline palate are enticing.
Fairly intense aromas of jammy black and red fruit: plums, blackberries and cassis, with notes of coffee and vanilla. On the palate, this is warm, with lots of sweet baking spices and baked black fruit. Fairly simple with a slightly syrupy texture and a warm, spicy finish.
Starts off with fairly soft aromas of honeydew, petrol and steely minerality. More fruit is showcased on the palate with green apple, lime and pineapple core. Medium weight and appropriately balanced, the finish is fresh and crisp.
Another solid showing from one of importer Fran Kysela's stable of Rhône producers. This offering shows plenty of rustic leathery aromas, along with a blend of cherries and blackberries. Not overripe or heavy; the fruit and tanned-hide notes come together in a velour-textured finish.
Despite the fancy name this is a pretty dreadful wine. It reeks of cheap port aromas and tastes hot and raspingly tannic. Just barely drinkable.
Shows peanutty, brambly aromas, and a smooth texture on the palate. Sour cherry flavors dominate at first, but open to encompass plummy, wheaty notes, too.
Now this is Albariño! The nose sings a pretty tune, backed by aromas of white fruits, candle wax and flower blossoms. The mouth is perfectly racy but balanced, with forward apple, mineral and honeyed flavors. Get at this as soon as possible to enjoy Albariño's classic crisp, oceanic qualities. You won't be disappointed.
The mint, cassis and baking spice aromas are classic New World Cabernet, as is the wine's ample body and creamy texture. By purist standards, it's too drinkable, too approachable now, with tannins that just glide into the background. Drink now–2020.
From a warm vintage, this blend is ripe yet still balanced, with aromas of prune, blackberry, tree bark and leather. The palate is saturated and broad, boasting flavors of dark, baked, black fruit accented by pepper and chocolate on the finish. Drink now.
Sweaty and murky smelling, with leather, horse and earthy berry aromas. The palate is big and dense, with grabby tannins and then herbal, roasted berry flavors with green notes. Finishes peppery and mildly green. An herbal, old-style Carmenère.
Aromas of apple and tropical fruit on this rich Chardonnay lead into vanilla and honey on the palate. The wine is full and opulent in the mouth but not overwrought. Good balance and a lingering finish add to the appeal.
The wine is pretty basic, with buttered toast, vanilla bean, brown sugar and juicy pineapple and orange flavors.
High-toned notes of cranberries, raspberries, cola and pomegranates mark this Pinot. Brisk acidity brightens and heightens the flavors, making the wine especially food-friendly, while oak brings delicious vanilla and toast complications. Ready to drink now.
This rich wine has 18 months in wood, giving it power and dark tannins. It is concentrated, structured while also elegant. The acidity, the black fruit and the firm texture suggest a wine that could age further and will be better from 2018.
A purple, saturated, well-oaked, muscular wine with heavy, dark fruit and hickory aromas. Forceful and saturated on the palate, with big blackberry flavors blanketed by powerful oak. Dark and smoky on the finish, with intensity and thick legs.
Dusty, yeasty, waxy apple aromas open this Verdejo, which feels wet and juicy, with scouring acidity. Lemony flavors include a note of orange peel, and the wine finishes tangy and tart.
Delicately aromatic with apple blossom, this brisk medium-sweet wine dances on the palate with hints of honey-kissed nectarines and peach. Dusty saffron and mineral tones lend an earthiness that linger on the finish. Elegant and refreshing.
This Yakima Valley Merlot is forward and leafy, with hints of dried herb alongside fruit flavors of strawberry and raspberry. It seems more delicate than its listed alcohol (13.8% abv) would suggest, but it's a nice bottle for near-term enjoyment.
Inky dark concentration and bright cherry fruit open the nose of this nicely balanced Brunello. Leather, tobacco and cola notes give it aromatic momentum, and the wine shows bright acidity capped by firm tannins. Pair it with lamb or pork.
Salt, chalk and grapefruit-pith aromas make for a judiciously restrained approach on the nose of this wine, which comes from heritage clones. The palate is mineral-driven with white rock flavors as well as green apple and lime-pith notes.
A slightly confected cherry note on the nose is balanced by hints of crushed stone in this medium-bodied rosé. On the palate, cherries blend with citrus and peppery spice, then finish with mouthwatering flavors and refreshing acidity. Drink now.
The winery shows its prowess with making delicious, affordable larger-production wines with this bright and easy drinking Cabernet, a study in soft tannins, juicy cranberry/currant fruit and composed structure. It's a good one to stock up on at the price and quality.
Smoky, rich and savory to start out, with compact berry and plum aromas that slant towards raisin with airing. The palate is warm, full and offers good structure; flavors of baked plum and berry are nice and the finish is savory and firm, with tannic framing.
This ambitious Cabernet keeps up with the best of the 2010 vintage. Made by Beaulieu's longtime chief winemaker, it's ripe and pure with mocha, blackberry jam and sweet oak flavors. Give it 5–6 years to integrate.
This wine is equal parts Sauvignon Blanc and Sémillon fermented and aged in stainless steel. The aromas and off-dry flavors of grass and fig seem a bit muddled but still bring enjoyment.
This is among the lightest in color of Williams Selyem's ‘05 Pinots, and also the most delicate in texture. But yields were very low, and the wine has a fantastically concentrated taste of wild raspberries, as well as crisp, stimulating acidity. Despite the elegance, it's enormously complex, with tiers of oak-influenced cola, herb tea, pomegranate, vanilla and Asian spice flavors. Gorgeous now, this very great Pinot should develop well in the bottle over the next decade.
Fragrant currant aromas drive this concentrated and rich wine forward. The old vines give a great depth of flavor and ripeness while keeping the fine herbaceous citrus touch. It's that rare Sancerre for aging, over 3–4 years.
The nose is all black fruit and some cinnamon spice. Next up is a palate of cassis, plum and cherry, while the finish is round and buttery. Taken as a whole the wine is fairly focused, with an easygoing character and nothing too out of whack.
The vines are Beaucastel material sourced from Tablas Creek in 1999. The wine is scented and flavored with blue plum, tart pie cherry and blackberry. It is reminiscent of Sangiovese, with bracing acidity and a lightness in the midpalate. McCrea has worked in nice notes of spice, light chocolate and a whiff of soy, making this a perfect salmon wine.
Herbal and briary on the nose, with green aromas of oregano and sage. Feels rather lean and abrasive, with high acidity and minty flavors of herbal plum and pie cherry. Tight, hot and spicy on the finish.
Soft, flat and simple, this Chard tastes like tangerine-flavored cola soda, with some oaky substance added for vanilla.
A nice, rich Cab that shows off its Napa pedigree. It's a little soft and not an ager, but lush in black currant, blackberry tart, cherry pie, chocolate, vanilla, smoky oak and spice flavors that are delicious. The tannins are thick, but so ripe and sweet, you can drink it right now.
This wine comes from one of the best vineyard sites in Savigny-lès-Beaune, on the slope closest to Beaune. It is a smooth, perfumed and ripe wine that has a balanced structure under the bright red-cherry flavor. Still bursting with young fruit, the wine will age, so wait to drink until 2019.
Dense and extracted, this features aromas of mature dark-skinned fruit, espresso and oak. The concentrated palate offers blackcurrant, cassis, roasted coffee bean and vanilla alongside bracing, astringent tannins. Drink after 2018.
Here's a Cabernet Sauvignon from northern Italy that shows some budding tertiary aromas of polished stone and black licorice now six years after the harvest. You'll also get black fruit, tar and simple, polished tannins on the close.
Perfect for meat dishes or grilled lamb chops, this is a lush and soft red wine that offers a cheerful and informal personality. Ripe cherry, prune and light spice make for an easy-drinking proposition.
Blossomy lemon-scented freshness streams from the glass. Underneath that, some crisp apple flavors appear. The same slender, refreshing and crisp notes pervade the dry palate which seems to be frothy and creamy at the same time. A restrained dosage shows off some slight biscuit notes.
Harvested at 22.6 degrees brix, this bright and spicy Dolcetto does not reach too far. It's tart, with fruit flavors that suggest wild berries and pomegranate, and tannins that are firm but never green. A fine quaffing wine.
Blackberry is the flavor frontrunner in this soft, supple Cabernet. It's medium-bodied and toned-down in tannins. Drink now.
This is described as Brut dry, but the perfumed character of the Gelber Muskateller grape gives this fruity wine a feeling of sweetness. It's soft, aromatic and lightly flavored with lychee.
Mario Schiopetto and his sons, Carlo and Giorgio, draw astonishingly intense flavors from the lees contact this wine has until bottling.It is powerful with rich, spicy fruit and flavors of pepper, vanilla and apricot.
Winemaker Larry McKenna now has 30 years of experience with Martinborough Pinot Noir, and its on full display in this blend assembled from various plots around the village. Aromas of flowers, tea and cola lead into flavors of blackberries, vanilla and spice, framed by ample tannins. Drink 2020–2030.
From vineyards in the Douro Superior, the high Douro close to Spain, this powerful wine reflects the dry climate with its dense tannins and concentration. A juicy element brings fresh black plums and acidity to the mix. The wine is an impressive work in progress. Drink from 2017.
Overworked and oaky, with vanilla, buttered toast and sweet caramel flavors dominating everything else. Buried beneath are pineapple and pear flavors.
Here's a satiny, approachable red blend with notes of black currant, brandy-soaked cherry and a touch of vanilla bean on the nose and mouth. A savory peppery spice reveals itself on the end, with moderate tannins lingering through the close.
A three-grape blend of Cab Sauvignon, Cab Franc and Merlot. The nose is rich and mossy, with vanilla and baked fruit aromas. It's big and tannic on the palate, and thus the sweet, semi-baked flavors of black fruit are appropriate. Sticky and tasting of brown sugar on the finish. Rich but good, especially with grilled beef.
True as dry oloroso comes, with nutty aromas combined with caramel richness. Feels raring to go, with pumped-up acidity that boosts otherwise normal flavors of dried white fruits, mixed nuts and brine. Tight, long and driving on the finish.
Cantina Tre Serre is a well-priced and informal Barbera with a thin and informal style backed by fruity freshness. There's even a tiny touch of effervescence that adds a perky and peppery sensation to the mouthfeel.
It starts with a light fragrance of spring flowers and pear. The bright palate offers white peach and citrus notes alongside crisp acidity that leaves a clean finish.
This firm, tannic wine is made from fruit sourced from a vineyard in the heart of Morey-Saint-Denis. It's a solid selection, and it has enormous potential. The ripe black-cherry and plum flavors are dominated by the tannins. Concentrated, this is ready for long-term aging.
Nice and easy to drink, with sweetened orange tea, lime, vanilla, honey and white pepper flavors, brightened with zesty acidity.
Lush prune and raisin aromas stop short of being mushy and make way for fresher notes of black currant and toast. Saturated, dense and chewy on the palate, this tastes ripe and toasty, with hefty blackberry and chocolate flavors. Additional toastiness and peppery spice flavors work the finish on this generous Tempranillo from an excellent vintage. Drink from 2017–2030.
I might have thought there was oak on this wine, it's so rich and vanilla-smoky, but there isn't. Just goes to show. It's dramatic in rich peach, fig, date and ripe green melon, but where does all that butterscotch and crème brûlée come from? The grapes come from a single Beckstoffer-owned vineyard in Rutherford.
This wine has an unctuous nose that shows jasmine, plumeria, coconut and ripe apple scents most prominently. Ripe mango, coconut and banana touches show on the palate, which is clean but quite tropical.
I had a slight preference for Högl's less expensive Loibner Vision Riesling Smaragd, but you can't go wrong with this one either. Thick, viscous and full-bodied, it's richly fruited but minerally as well, marrying diesel and smoke notes with orange and tangerine flavors. Long and spicy on the finish.
Very rich, dry and crisp in acidity, a Chardonnay that feels fine from your first sip through the spicy finish. Made with 35% new French oak, and aged eight months on the lees, it's drinking beautifully now, with pear, pineapple, vanilla custard and buttered toast flavors. Just lovely.
The nose on this bottling shows just enough of everything to please all sorts of Chardonnay fans: yellow apple flesh, sea salt, a touch of butter and jasmine-laced honeydew aromas. The palate starts soft and then slowly sizzles with acidity, presenting flavors of butter, lemon rinds and key lime. It's a down-the-middle wine.
Teetering aromas of apple, oak and mineral don't hold much sway, while the palate is both chunky and oversized, sizzling with acid. A muddled flavor of white fruit leads to a finish where nothing sticks out.
No oak in this wine, but it's amazingly rich anyway. The wine is very dry, with Meyer lemon flavors boosted by a firm minerality and rich acidity. Absolutely defines the unoaked style of Sauvignon Blanc.
Benefitting from 11 months in 40% new French oak, this opens with aromas of crushed raspberries, leading into full, round fruit flavors across the midpalate. It runs into some slightly chewy tannins, which is one of the differences between Southern Oregon and Willamette Valley Pinots.
From a dynamic grappa and Prosecco producer based in northern Italy, this Rosso di Montalcino fill out the portfolio with an easy-drinking option that would pair with meat, chicken or pasta. The wine is easy, bright and informal.
A young, oaky, flashy Pinot Noir, grown on these mountain ridges high above the Anderson Valley. The wine is dry and silky, with a light bodiedness that belies its complexity. Shows concentrated raspberry, cherry, red currant, cola, red licorice and spice flavors that linger into the finish. Elegant, it will provide fine drinking over the next six years.
This concentrated wine is dense with black fruits. Dark with chocolate and richness, it is still young and firm. Wood aging has smoothed the tannins and given extra fullness. The smoky aftertaste promises well. Drink from 2018.
With 58% Shiraz and 42% Pinotage, this is an accessible and enjoyable Cape blend with vibrant notes of black berry, all-fruit preserves, root beer and a soft touch of caramel sauce. Cherry and fleshy plum fill the mouth, and a kiss of vanilla lingers on the close.
Negociant Hughes continues to produce compelling wines at everyday prices. This Syrah, from one of Napa Valley's best mountain regions, is dry and thick in refined tannins. But it's so rich in black currants, black cherries, chocolate, pepper and sweet, smoky oak that it's delicious now.
A tight line of margarita salt, lemon and sourdough toast show on the layered nose of this countywide blend that is one of the stronger performers in the Alma Rosa catalogue for the price. There is a steely texture to the sip, with flavors of wet wool, Marcona almond and tangerine blossom.
The good news is the ripeness of this wine. It's also the bad news. It's so big in jammy peach, pear and tropical fruit flavors, and so oaky, that some degree of balance has been lost. Needs a little more restraint.
This is an ordinary Riesling made in a dry style. Peach pit and citrus rind scents lead into similar flavors.
Smells like mealy fruit and bananas, while the palate is weak in constitution and a bit spritzy in feel. Tastes like bland white fruits with vanilla. Cloying on the finish.
A fun and informal sparkler, made from the native Sicilian grape Grillo, this opens with aromas of white flowers and acacia. The lively palate offers white peach, green apple and pineapple alongside bright acidity and persistent bubbles.
Rough black-cherry and plum aromas are full and fruity. The palate is choppy, with prickly acidity leading to dry, hollow black-plum flavors. The wine shows color and size, with citrusy acid and astringency.
Maybe the friendliest Hirsch bottling, this wine has wonderful complexity, medium body and a broad supple texture that make it a pleasure to taste. It has spicy lightly earthy aromas, plenty of raspberry, red cherry and rhubarb for fruit flavors, and a good sense of layering on the palate, followed by a long finish.
This is a big, beefy wine that smells smoky and black-cherry-like and tastes full, bold and firmly tannic. It layers smoky, meaty notes over cranberry and tart cherry flavors, with hints of dark chocolate and cardamom. It is well balanced, muscular in mouthfeel and should improve with time through 2020 at least.
Aromas of green apple, toasted almond and adhesive bandage carry over to the palate. It's vigorous, with brisk acidity and a bitter finish.
From the winery's estate, this wine opens in pretty floral notes of jasmine and orange blossom, following on the full-bodied palate with baked pear and vanilla. It finishes tart and dry.
Here's a straightforward red that offers aromas of underbrush, scorched earth and mature black-skinned fruit. The simple palate offers crushed black cherry, coffee and a hint of anise alongside polished, not very persistent tannins.
Dark fruits, leather and game notes yield an almost Syrah-like nose that opens to chocolate, dark-berry and mineral flavors. Rich—even thick-textured—it is soft and quite approachable now, with fine, well-dispersed tannins. Finishes long, ultrablack, smooth and enjoyable. Drink now to 2007.
There's great richness to the nose, with a seriously decadent and robust apple-pie aroma. The palate shows a bit more balance and restraint, with ripe flavors of fig and melon fleshing out the creamy texture but staying bright thanks to lifting acidity. The evolving finish transitions from fruit to spice and finally ends on a citrus pith flavor.
This shows classically leafy Cabernet character balanced by deep cassis fruit, well integrated oak and supple tannins. It's slightly creamy without being overly soft or plush, retaining Cabernet's distinctly restrained feel on the palate. Long and smooth on the finish. Now–2016.
Toast, hazelnut and pastry aromas lead the way. The elegant palate delivers yellow apple, citrus zest and a hint of bread crust alongside small, persistent bubbles and fresh acidity.
Made from Cab Sauvignon and Zin, this is pretty full-bodied for a rosé, with jammy raspberry and cherry pie filling and spice flavors. It's basically dry, with a honeyed finish.
Quite minerally on the nose, with flint and some pickled vegetable to boot. Grapefruit, green apple and lemon-lime flavors carry the palate to a finish that is tart and tight. Seems to pick up speed along the way, thus it finishes better than it starts. Imported by Negociants USA, Inc.
Stewed cherry, exotic cardamom and mace spices and hints of juniper and bay leaf bring an earthy component to the nose of this Pinot. Dark cranberry and black-plum-skin flavors meet with earth tones of turned loam, pine needle and menthol on the palate.
Made in a full-bodied style, this estate wine is generous in blackberry, black licorice and dark cherry, with classic cola spice dancing around its edges. Smooth and memorable, it is made from a handful of vineyards, including Nicole's, Bow Tie and Robert Thomas, all vineyard-designates of their own for the producer.
90-92 Barrel sample. A finely structured wine, its tannins firm but generous. It has some dark characters, black plums and a solid texture, but it is also fired with super-rich fruit.
. Starts off nicely, with aromas of dark chocolate, cassis and mint. There's a lovely hint of vanilla to the flavors, and a cleanness and purity that's admirable. The wine also has rather tart, crisp acids, which accentuate the wine's tannins, giving it an astringent feel—a fine match for rare beef, but less enticing when served on its own.
Exhibiting cooler-climate characteristics, the fruit sourced primarily from the Stag's Leap District, this wine shows dried herb and cedar on the nose, evolving deeper layers of red cherry and cranberry on the midpalate. It takes on weight and structure on the finish.
A chef's array of mint, sage and dill accent this small-production wine's savory and smoothly integrated palate. It maintains the integrity of the intensely concentrated vintage. Forest floor, black cherry and black tea flavors contribute additional character.
Rich and creamy, this has a smooth, buttery mouthfeel, carrying flavors of ripe peaches, pears and limes. Santa Lucia's cool climate helps to bring this wine a brisk cut of mouthwatering acidity. Production was 784 cases.
Starts off with powerful aromas of tropical fruits and spices, with buttery notes and oaky-vanilla complexity. Drinks fat and sweet, with very forward tropical fruit flavors and high, biting acidity. Clean, bright and focused. Drink now, or over the next year.
Earthy, simple and light, with modest cherry and herb flavors. Finishes dry, with a silky mouth feel.
Coming from such a cool climate, this Cab isn't as opulent or ripe as, say, Napa. There's a wintergreen mint note alongside the sweet red cherry and black raspberry flavors, and a lightly elegant weight. It's a different kind of Cab, but a dry, good one, and very friendly with food.
This wine is a blend 44% Merlot, 38% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Malbec and 8% Cabernet Franc. Aromas of cocoa, coconut, herb and cherry are followed by an elegantly styled palate, full of coconut flavors. There's enjoyment to be had but the oak plays too primary of a role.
This fruity, crisp wine offers layers of acidity and bright fruit, with a refreshing burst of red currants. It's delicious and ready to drink now.
This is an aromatic wine with generous fruit and soft tannins. Its wood aging has given the wine extra richness as well as spice. The wine is ready to drink.
This wine is rather inexpressive and already evolved. The nose reveals red and black berries accented with notes of black pepper that carry over to the palate. It's one dimensional and tightly tannic.
An intense wine, its spice finely integrated with a more fruity character. It has the classic Gewürztraminer lychee flavor but this is balanced with acidity, ripe baked apple and mineral structure.
Freshly roasted coffee, allspice and charred mixed berries shine on the nose of this Cabernet Franc which saw 24 months in Appalachian oak barrels. Silky and generous on the palate, Bing cherry and red plum meet additional warm spice and toasted oak characters.
An intriguing nose displays rustic earthiness, damp soil and ripe notes of banana and pineapple. The palate continues this incongruous yet delicious theme and impresses with a slender but concentrated body and toothsome texture. What a beauty.
Fruity and juicy, this has soft tannins and an open, gentle texture. It has red currant fruit that gives acidity, with only a touch of dry tannins on the finish.
This is a ripe toasty wine. With its red-berry fruits and acidity along with some dry, smoky tannins it is a wine in progress. Drink this concentrated wine from 2018.
Importer Bobby Kacher has a seemingly limitless portfolio of bargains from the south of France, and this one boasts an intriguing nose of pear, honey and star anise. It's more focused and crisp than many wines from this region, turning citrusy on the finish. Drink now-2012.
This wine is harsh in texture, with a green stem, puckery mouthfeel that frames unripe herb and mint flavors barely suggesting cherries.
This wine is a blend of 75% Cabernet Sauvignon and 25% Malbec. It shows the big, hard tannins of both varieties, as well as their dryness and intense blackberry, currant and dark chocolate flavors. The 100% new French oak is in balance with the size of the underlying fruit. Don't even think of popping the cork before 2015, and it should still be providing pleasure in 2021.
Impressive on so many levels, this vineyard designate Riserva Barolo shows excellent aromatic intensity and purity. Black cherry, plum, smoke, spice, asphalt, root beer and black tar are evident elements of the bouquet. The mouthfeel is full, firm and generous with a lingering vanilla fade.
A solid yet seductive wine, displaying a handsome bouquet of sour cherry, licorice, meat and leather aromas. The mouth follows in good style with riper cherry fruit, cocoa-chocolate notes and an anise touch that adds dimension. The rich, full palate texture and long finish with its dusty tannins complete the pretty picture. Cellar Selection.
Fruity and structured, this strongly wood-aged wine is packed with toast. That dominates the fresh apple and pear fruits that are underneath all this spice and toastiness. Rich and full bodied, the wine is still developing, so drink from 2016.
Elerding vineyard Cabernet, done in a spicy, tart, tight style. The fruit is absolutely lovely, and the oak treatment (half new) not at all intrusive. Young, tight, tart and incredibly compact, this lovely expression of Washington Cabernet can be enjoyed now, or cellared for up to a decade.
The tart hard fruit is well hidden behind chalky tongue-scraping acids. The wine quickly hits a finish with tough tannins and a residual note of wet paper.
There's a good structure in this Zin, with pleasant berry, cherry, cocoa and spice flavors, but it's too sweet to qualify as a dry table wine. With its fruit candy flavors, it's basically off dry.
Black pepper, mineral and berry aromas are integrated and impressive in this Cab. Integrated flavors offer dimension and poise, and substantial structure means it can age. Pair with roast beef or a creamy, aged cheese. An effort to be applauded.
For the price, this blend of five varieties is a pretty good value. It's oaky and full-bodied in blackberries and cherries, although a streak of green unripeness runs right down the middle.
A very creamy nose hovers over a herb-spiced apple palate, the nutty oak flavors are still obvious and will take a little time to become subdued, but the fruity, savory core of this wine is built to last and presents an unusual but dependable, friendly and durable counterpoint to all manner of foods. Don't miss this individualistic treat which was fermented on its skins.
This seems a tad more restrained than usual for La Doriane, which has typically been extremely lush and exotic in the past. The 2012 isn't as over the top, but still shows plenty of ripe apricot and tropical fruit framed by smoky oak and baking spices. The finish is long and mouthwatering, suggesting at least a few years of longevity.
A full, but attractive wine, with flavors of almonds, peaches and soft white fruits. It is quite fat, and lacks acidity, an effect of the hot 2003 vintage, giving a southern, herbal feel. It would work well with fish or strong cheeses.
Listed as well in excess of 15% alcohol, this is sourced from a single vineyard in a hot year. The grapes were left to hang while sugars rose precipitously. Flavors suggest mincemeat pie, brown sugar and root beer. Not typical, but tasty enough. Drink over the next year for peak flavor.
Consistent with past vintages, this still-young wine has a yeasty nose, textural mouthfeel and light pear fruit flavors, gently dappled with cinnamon spice. There is just a hint of sweatiness in the finish.
While the alcohol says rich, the wine is in fact fresh and fruity. It's medium dry, although with a drier character from the spice and smokiness. It's ready to drink.
Located in the heart of the Haut-Médoc, close to Lamarque, Malescasse is capable of producing sweet-tasting, friendly wines, such as this 2010. It's bright, fruity and layered with acidity, and the firm tannins show through slowly, offering power and density for the medium-term.
Not quite as ripe as previous vintages, with an earthy, herbal edge, but that works to the wine's advantage, highlighting its elegance and class. Smooth, smoky oak frames the blackberry and currant flavors. Should develop bottle complexity over the next 6–8 years.
Katnook's top-of-the-line Cab, the Odyssey, already seems mature, with a touch of brick to its color and some dried fruit flavors. But even if this won't improve further, it's at a lovely spot right now, with a lush, creamy texture, pillowy-soft tannins and wonderful cedar and cigarbox notes. Drink now–2010.
94-96 Barrel sample. Full of tannins, this wine is big and spicy, with a certain grandeur to it. It's likely to be a very fine wine, the pure acidity and black fruits pushing through.
Just beginning to drop its fruit, making the focus now on earth and tobacco flavors. This doesn't seem as ripe as the '94, but shows a bit more structure, ending on a slightly astringent note. Drink up.
A musky, floral perfume melds with ripe white peach and a crush of stony mineral on this beautifully composed off-dry Riesling. The palate is lush, with juicy melon, peach and mango flavors, but balanced by a long, flinty finish. Drink now to maximize its ripe, perfumed exuberance.
Rather raw, with stemmy, woody flavors next to the riper cherries and blackberries, and a bitter finish. Not going anywhere, so drink now.
This cool-climate variety loves it in the Sta. (formerly Santa) Rita Hills. High acidity creates a cool, cleansing feel, while the wine brims with citrus zest, pineapple meringue, mineral and vanilla flavors. This will send chefs into food-pairing heaven.
Violets, smoke and fall foliage perfume this deeply concentrated Virginia Cab Franc. It's full bodied with sultry, black cherry flavors and there's a noticeable build in complexity on the midpalate amidst layers of crushed black pepper, charred wood and dark floral notes that linger to the finish.
Notes of honey and yellow fruit give this wine both sweetness and softness. It has weight and a rich mouthfeel, powered by a warm and rounded texture. There is just a touch of dryness at the heart of what is otherwise a medium-sweet wine.
With 10% Petite Sirah, which seems to give it a tannic essence of dark fruit intensity, this Zin is enormous in jammy blackberry and cherry fruit, with cola and caramel notes. It's full-bodied and dry and, once again, those tannins are center-stage.
This plump blend of Cab Sauvignon, Merlot and Cab Franc is raw in places but carries a pretty tune of blueberry, spice and smoked ham. The deep ruby color is glorious and the wine ends with firm tannins.
A wine for early drinking, this is soft, fruity and bright. With red berry flavor and gentle tannins, it's direct and packed with fruitiness. Drink now.
Throwing a party? Need plenty of white wine to make the rounds? This is the solution. With slightly sweet apricot, orange and vanilla flavors, it's clean, brisk and likeable.
A crisp, citrusy wine that is light, just touched by wood, but much more in the way of acidity and freshness. Green plum flavors give some extra flesh to this vibrant wine.
Here's a red dessert wine, made with Sicily's Nero D'Avola grape, that would make a good companion to chocolate-based treats. The wine is burgundy in color and dark in appearance, with bright cherry flavors and sour nuances weaved within.
Impressive for a simple Chablis. In fact, it is not simple at all, with its toast and ripe peach fruits, rounded texture and uncommon depth of flavor. The steely Chablis character is there, but surrounded by rich fruit.
Mainly Cabernet, it shows the variety's hard tannins and and black currant and dark chocolate flavors, but 21% Cabernet Franc adds easier notes of sweet cherry jam. Still, it's pretty tannic, and suggests aging until 2021–2022.
Highly intriguing aromas of forest floor, damp pine trees and blackberry reduction sauce power the nose on this blend of 59% Cabernet Sauvignon, 19% Cabernet Franc, 10% Merlot, 6% Petit Verdot and 6% Malbec. The flavors are quite broad and welcoming, with purple and blue fruits, but also herbs of oregano and thyme. It's tasty but not showy, a wine that's happy in its own skin.
Pickled, briny aromas of canned vegetables are common for this wine and Casa Marin. On the palate, high acidity sticks out and lends an iron grip to this original coastal SB. A mix of citrus and vegetal flavors include notes of pumpkin and pickled beans.
A very nice Sauvignon Blanc that shows the grassy, herbaceous edge that Dry Creek brings to so many wines. But that doesn't mean it's thin. On the contrary, it offers a rich mouth burst of citrus and tropical fruits, figs and green melons, with a touch of tart gooseberry. The finish is a little sweet in honey.
89-91 Smooth, ripe wine, its black plum fruits integrating well with acidity and an edge of dusty tannins. The wine has weight, density, good freshness.
Ripe, full raspberry and red cherry flavors on a delicate pink-colored wine. Crisp and dry, this shows an intense and lively acidity along with lime juice intensity. An apéritif style, very fresh.
Honey and corn syrup aromas tell you this is rich, but what you don't realize so easily is how complex and expansive this Muscat is. The flavors of honey, banana and clover start out as sweet and unctuous, but then they unfurl to show depth, complexity and length. In the end you realize that this is all about pure, unrefined power and purity. Drinking it is like a rush of natural sugar to the brain.
Elegant, fresh wine, full of delicious red berry fruits, a fruit salad of red and black plums and a light touch of spice. Bright, juicy, ready to drink.
Smells and tastes like Port, with sweet, caramelized blackberry, chocolate, cola and licorice flavors. More like a dessert wine than a table wine.
Sourced from a vineyard high up in the Mayacamas, on the Sonoma County side, this wine is intense with mountain grown fruit. The palate is full of ripe black currants, mocha and plenty of toasty oak. The tannins, while soft and pliant, are penetrating. All indications are of a wine that wants time in the cellar. Drink from 2016 till well beyond.
This Aglianico opens with aromas of blue flower, red berries, coffee and earth. The palate offers assertive tannins and dense black cherry and raspberry flavors that are accented by notes of black spice.
Soft and slightly sweet, this wine tastes like raspberry and cherry syrup with a dash of melted milk chocolate. It's also hot, with 15.7% of alcohol. Zinfandel, Mourvèdre and Grenache.
Aromas of underbrush, dark-skinned fruit and a whiff of oak lead the nose. The succulent palate presents black plum, fleshy morello cherry, cinnamon and a hint of mocha alongside pliant tannins and zesty acidity. It's easy drinking, vibrant and delicious. Drink through 2018.
This is a bright, vibrant and fruity wine that recalls vino novello or Beaujolais. Blueberry aromas come first, followed by blackberry and tart cherry on the palate, fueling a sour note on the finish. Pleasant, thin and not particularly long lasting, the wine has enough going for it to be paired with pasta or light meat dishes.
A very nice Sauvignon, easy to drink, and showing lots of style and elegance. Bone dry and zesty in acidity, it has citrus, tropical fruit and white pepper flavors, with a stimulating touch of tart gooseberry.
A balsamic note of menthol, dark culinary spice, crushed herb, new leather and wild berry aromas come together in the glass. Firmly structured but extraordinarily refined, the palate doles out red cherry, crushed strawberry, tobacco and cinnamon set against tightly woven refined tannins. Lively acidity lends balance and energy while a licorice note wraps around the lingering finish. Drink 2025–2043.
More Bordeaux-style blend than varietal wine, this is a combination of Merlot (75%) from Conner Lee, Dionysus, and the Benches along with Red Mountain Cabernet and Wahluke Cab Franc. Aromas of ripe red currant, blackberry and violets are followed by full-bodied fruit flavors that pack a wallop. It shows the warmth of the vintage but still brings finesse.
A great value, Thorn Clarke's 2009 Terra Barossa Cabernet Sauvignon boasts bold aromas of cedar, cassis and mint, then follows up with similar flavors. It's medium to full in body, with firm tannins and mouthwatering acidity that make it drinkable now but suggest it may age nicely through 2020.
Merry Edwards, known best for her Pinot Noir, says this variety is a comparative joy. She bolsters the wine with Sauvignon Musqué and oak aging to build a richly creamy and full expression, marked by moderate acidity. Lemon meringue, peach and vanilla flavors add to its viscosity and sultry power.
Mellow and complex, this is a highly approachable wine, offering butter-soft tannins, ripe fruits, and interesting highlights of grain, earth and caramel. A fine expression of the unique estate terroir.
Apple notes play with citrus overtones on this superfresh and light wine. This is a summer wine with great refreshment potential: light and lifted with spritzy citrus.
The wine is balanced, full both of dried fruits and old wood and spice flavors. It is a rich wine, smoothly textured and with an attractive bite of acidity and brandy spirit at the end.
Earthy and leathery, with aromas and flavors of black olives and dried cherries. It's medium-bodied, with a chewy tannic structure that calls for rare beef at this stage of its development.
Here's a fresh Chardonnay from Venezia Giulia that drinks like one of those delightful Italian whites that pair so well with fish and Mediterranean dishes. It's a simple wine with fresh acidity, stone fruit and citrus.
Opening aromas recall underbrush, red berry, white mushroom, truffle and thyme with a whiff of leather. The palate offers restrained wild cherry accented with white pepper, mint and sage alongside tightly knit tannins. While the tannins need to unwind, this wine isn't made for long-term cellaring. Drink 2015–2019.
Richness and complete dryness go together in this impressive wine. It is very juicy, with some tropical fruit flavors, along with white fruits, but there is also a touch of minerality that gives the wine shape.
An underpinning of soft, grippy tannin carries lingering red currant and cranberry flavors in this full-bodied, unabashedly ripe reserve-level wine. Cola and leathery earth notes combine to boost and contrast the fruit, which persists long into the finish.
Aromas of leather, forest floor, tobacco, mature berry and a balsamic note open this structured, elegant wine. The palate delivers crushed black cherry, cinnamon, licorice and savory herb alongside firm but polished tannins and fresh acidity. Drink 2016–2026.
Barbera fans will find all the dry tannins, acidity and earthy fruity flavors they crave. A big, bold wine, with blackberry, coffee and dried herb flavors that will drink well against rich barbecue.
This is firm in acidity, bracing in minerals and bone dry. That makes it sound austere, but you'll find delicious apricot, lime and citron flavors, enhanced by sweet oak. Drink now.
Grilled pineapple, lemon zest and toasted hazelnut notes mark the nose. Time in French oak gives the palate a slightly charred entry, yet juicy stone fruit and tart tropicals offer life to this weighty wine.
Light, powdery, sweet and citrusy on the nose, this becomes fairly creamy on the palate. It's aggressively sweet tasting but not cloying, with orange and mango fruit and a finish stocked with enlivening acidity.
Absolutely opaque—it's definitely one of the darkest, inkiest wines out there. The black-currant nose shows lots of depth, with vanilla and cinnamon shadings. Though it is massive and a bit unpenetrable now, the softness, blackberry fruit and full tannins suggest it will be really nice in a few years. Just expect a real fruit ball.
Mild toast accents the delicate white peaches and Bosc pears found in this full-bodied, spicy Chard from the Mendoza (Wente) clone. Finishes lemony and long; should age a few years at least, but it's good now as well.
Named for nickel's number on the periodic table, this hillside vineyard site is located across Lake Hennessey on the eastern edge of the valley. Entirely varietal, it offers juicy layers highlighted in cedar, mountain sage and mellowed chocolate. The oak and tannin are well integrated and deeply embedded, providing support and structure.
With superripe fruit, fat and glossy, with rich white fruits, round, dense and concentrated, this is a wine to ooze into the glass. It is perhaps not very Chablis, but delicious as a fine Chardonnay.
This Brut sparkling wine (from Italy's prestigious Franciacorta appellation) opens with attractive luminosity, persistent bubbling and is followed by toasted notes of stone fruit, honey and almond. Pair this wine with delicate seafood salad.
After picking yourself up off the floor having digested the price, the wine is excellent but not otherwordly. Sweet, dense and calm on the nose, with alluring black fruit and raisin aromas. Feels hefty and gritty, with rooty, sweet flavors of brown sugar and baked blackberry. Finishes round, big and smooth, with generally good balance. 120 cases made; drink now through 2014.
Berry fruit aromas blend nicely with cola, forest, toast and barrel aromas. It's crisp yet deep in the mouth, with smacking tannins and just enough cushion to soften things up. Minty and woody tasting, with berry, tobacco and peppery flavors on the palate and finish.
This Sangiovese-based wine offers aromas of forest berry, cherry, red rose and rusty earth. The fresh acidity makes for a bright mouthfeel. Peter Warren Selections & Planet Wine.
Soft and already easy to drink, this exhibits California ripeness, and it offers cherry pie, chocolate and red licorice flavors.
87–89. Barrel sample. This is a ripe, soft, plump Merlot from young vines at Petit Village. It is fruity on the palate with touches of chocolate and licorice. Already quite drinkable.
Fiery and wild at first, with aromas of cinnamon, pepper and Juicy Fruit gum. Strange as that may sound, the wine finds a more familiar place on the palate, where plum, cherry and cassis flavors are flashy and the feel is a bit clangy. Rounds out with air and settles down fairly nicely.
Light strawberry, raspberry and Bing cherry fruit, medium weight, straight-ahead, nicely ripened. The tannins are soft and the balance works just fine.
For a Cabernet Sauvignon, this is pleasantly fruit forward and supple. Hints of smoke and dried spices frame bright fruit flavors reminiscent of pomegranate and red currant, then finish with a burst of crisp acidity. Drink now–2020.
Very rich and dramatic, offering creamy tiers of grilled pineapple, lemon custard, Asian spices and smoky oak, accented with crisp, refreshing acidity. Very high quality for the price.
An aromatic hint of pine mixes with the red cherry notes on the nose, creating a very appetizing opening. The ultralight palate is translucent and slender, with the same leafy conifer aromas and lots and lots of red currant brightness and freshness. The light crunchy nature of this wine suggests that this is ideal for chilling. It's a weightless, very aromatic, and ultra-light-bodied red.
Honey, concentrated pear juice, candied tangerine rind and a light botanical aroma show on this dynamic dessert wine. The palate is expectedly sweet but cut by a driving, mouth-searing acidity, showing flavors of pear and apple skins, ripe stone fruit, golden raisins and lemon rinds.
This Brut, Chardonnay-based sparkling wine is fantastically fresh and light with lively aromas of green apple, citrus, talc powder and drying mineral. It shows steely perlage and a foamy texture.
The wine has tannins and a stalky black-cherry character. With a firm texture and balanced acidity, the wine is developing although it is not yet ready to drink. Wait until 2017.
Bell-pepper scents are cut by cracked pepper and blackberry on the nose of this bottling. The mouthfeel is soft, with black cherry and plum-juice flavors enhanced by peppery spices.
This most appealing Chardonnay offers a deluxe display of Meyer lemon, baked pear and toasted marshmallow flavors in a ripe and creamy style. That lush core is focused and framed with ample acidity, and suggests a decade (at least) of life ahead. Drink now through 2026.
A steely-styled wine, initially showing some bitterness, but with ripe citrus as a balance to the apples and pink grapefruit. This is a taut, poised wine, edging to green, with a strong tension and a final burst of toast.
From a little-known producer outside the Classico zone, here is a pretty wine with notes of cherry, chocolate, spice and subtle shadings of vanilla. In the mouth, it delivers soft tannins and good persistency of spice and fruit flavors.
An unusual 100% Tinta Roriz, this wine is ripe with well-integrated tannins and good acidity. Blackberry fruits give crispness and a full body. This attractive wine is ready to drink.
True to Amador's brawnier style, this Zin is still tightly tannic but shows ripe black cherry and blackberry flavor with plenty of dark chocolate and cocoa powder. Made from old-vine, sustainably grown grapes, it's priced fairly and should open with age. Pair with a thick piece of meat.
This is a simple and cheerful Nero d'Avola that would pair well with white meats such as roast chicken or pork. Aromas here include blueberry, forest berry and there's a touch of bitter almond on the close.
The addition of 6% Grenache to the blend is effective, contributing bright spicy red fruit highlights. The Syrah is varietal, with bloody beef, dried herb and dark, peppery fruit. It shows a little too much heat in the finish.
Already delicious and rich, powered by fruit as much as structure, this wine has a fine future. It's dark and solid, full of dense, dusty tannins. But there is also excellent balance between juicy berry flavors and the wood aging. Lusciously fruity, it will be better from 2016.
Soft and gentle, yet firm in tannins, this Zin has an interesting dried herb and molasses edge to the blackberries, cherries and peppery spices. It's full-bodied, dry and complex, a wine to pair with beef dishes.
From a winery better known for its huge Shirazes, this is one of its comparatively entry-level wines. It offers red plum and blackberry aromas and flavors. Though it has a pleasing texture, it is pretty straightforward. Finishes with thick, toasty wood. Imported by Epicurean Wines.
Wound up aromas of blackberry, spice box and wood spice are followed by pitch-black black-cherry flavors. The tannins are tightly coiled and need some time to unwind.
A bit muted and shy on the nose, with faint accents of fresh grass, sweet citrus and just-ripe gooseberry. The palate offers a pithy-citrus flavor, adding a touch of bitterness to the clean close.
Rich aromas of violets, lilacs and other purple flowers complement the turned loam, shiitake, ripe cranberry and dark hibiscus scents of this bottling by the Duckhorn family. Once sipped, flavors of hearty black plum, nutmeg, crushed gravel and Earl Grey tea prove extremely layered and earthy.
A hugely rich wine, packed with dried fruit flavors and spice from aging in American oak. This is a dense blend of Aragonez, Trincadeira and Cabernet Sauvignon, merging well together, the Cabernet giving structure, the other grapes the rich, smooth texture and black fruits.
The briary red-berry and plum aromas are earthy and rubbery. This is medium in body and a bit heavy, with just-adequate acidity and solid flavors of plum, berry and resiny oak. The finish is oaky and medicinal tasting.
Astringent almost to the point of making it tough to drink. With aromas of raspberry and citric flavors, it's a biting wine without much Cabernet size or stuffing.
Pinot Noir and Portugal don't normally go together, but DFJ seem to have made a specialty of growing this variety in the cooler Estremadura region. This has more Portuguese than Burgundian character, with its spice, juicy red berry and dried fruits, finishing with blackberry and acidity.
You'll want to give this wine a little time in the cellar, because it's all teenaged gawkiness now. There's lots of sweet, cherry pie flavor, sweet new oak, crisp acidity and rich, ripe tannins, but it hasn't all come together. Best after 2009, but not a longterm ager.
Dry stone-fruit and desert-herb aromas lead to a mild soft low-acid palate. Pithy mildly bitter peach and melon flavors finish peachy, round and easy.
Made without oak, this Riesling is slightly sweet with sugary orange and peach flavors. It lacks the acidity to balance the sweetness, which makes the finish cloying.
This blend of 70% Montepulciano and 30% Sangiovese opens with notes of prune, raisin and dried flower petals. The staunchly tannic palate offers red cherry flavors but feels a bit lean, despite a layer of chocolate. Alcohol sensations are also detected, even though the alcohol percentage is modest.
Gold in color, this is a mature wine. A tight mousse gives just the right prickle, but its fruitiness is now changing to toastiness bringing a ripe, full aftertaste.
One of the Lurton properties in Margaux, Brane Cantenac is showing the richness of its finely placed vineyard in this 2010. Smoky wood and ripe blackberry are among the flavors of a wine that is complex, complete and concentrated. It will certainly age well.
Almost New World in its intense fruit flavors, bursting with currants, gooseberries and lemons, this is a wine packed with delights. It should age well over three or four years, but can be enjoyed now for its exuberant fruit. Imported by Monsieur Touton Selection Ltd.
Rusty in color, with tomato and light red fruit on the nose. Shows mostly roasted fruit flavors and leafiness. Not a lot of depth, but not offensive. Imported by American Wine Distributors.
88-90. Barrel sample. A wine that's about structure and presence, it has velvety tannins and flavors of mint, spice and black currant.
Brown-pink in color, like a burnt rosé, this wine conveys strong caramel aromas reminiscent of brandy, cognac and bourbon. The palate is thick and treacly with strong flavors of wood and cherry-laced caramel, with a raisiny finish.
A Chardonnay highly strung with green apple and lemon flavor, this wine evolves in the glass, deepening with fruit and minerality. The finish suggests vanilla. A good wine for creamy chicken and seafood meals.
Scratchy and dry on the nose, this turns lean and borderline sour in the mouth, with acidity running the show. Very zesty, with mild oak influence, this is a blend of 60% Cabernet Sauvignon and 40% Carmenère.
Ripe fruit aromas of peach and honeydew emerge from this nose of this luminous, golden Bianco di Custoza. The wine makes a big impact on the palate thanks to its creamy consistency and the ripeness of its yellow fruit flavors. Pair it with shrimp in spicy sauce or crustaceans.
Soft and simple, this full-bodied effort shows a char of toasted oak as strong flavors of root beer and cola meet dark cherry and berry.
Take a few bucks off the price, and this would be a good value. As things stand, this Chardonnay, which is a blend of Santa Clara Valley and Santa Cruz Mountains fruit, is fairly standard. It's dry and crisp, with pleasant lemon-custard flavors that turn a little unripe on the finish.
This informal red wine is the kind of bottle you'll want to stash away in the kitchen for easy pairings with weekday family dinners. The bouquet presents red berry, almond and cola nuances.
A soft Cabernet, this brims with granola-bar-like flavors of blackberry, roasted almond and brown sugar.
Enticing aromas of perfumed berry, rose petal, scorched earth and spice lead the nose. On the palate, bracing tannins and bright acidity support crunchy strawberry, black cherry, clove and licorice. This is still all wound up and needs time to open. Drink 2018–2028.
Spice and warm leather on the nose are worthy aromas, but there isn't much fruit and the palate runs gritty and acidic. It's got freshness and fairly good purity; but it's also kind of narrow.
This “Tobey” Artist Series release is 44% Cabernet Sauvignon, 30% Cabernet Franc and 26% Merlot. Sweet scents of toast and cherry fruit introduce a wine with exceptional detail and density. Its core of cherry fruit is highlighted with cinnamon and baking spices, and the finishing tannins are polished and precise. The elegance, persistence and sheer finesse of this wine is most impressive.
There's plenty to enjoy aromatically and texturally in this wine. It offers floral and citrus refreshment and intrigue around deeper, richer elements of melon and kiwi. Oak surrounds the big finish.
Heady potpourri notes of rose petal and spice, lychee and melon abound on this high-impact but refined Gewürztraminer. Off dry and delicately framed, it's a refreshing sip marked by sunny squirts of tangerine acidity. Drink now through 2017.
Pio Cesare's Langhe 2004 is more open and easier to taste than the 2003. The nose is big and plummy with a strong floral component, while on the palate, the fruit possesses an inner core of bright strawberry giving the wine a nice lift in the finish.
This is delicate and subdued, without any of the rawness this variety sometimes provides. Flavors of cola, blackberry and spice mark the palate; the finish is soft and rich.
Sourced from a single vineyard, this spent 17 months in French oak, 38% new. It's light and spicy, with pleasant fruit flavors of apple and pear.
This is an exceptionally concentrated, smooth and delicious wine. It has ripe blueberry, blackberry and raspberry flavors, and its texture strikes the right balance between supple and tannic. A Coro Mendocino blend, it's made from a base of Zinfandel, with Petite Sirah, Syrah and a dash of Grenache. Delicious now, it also has the stuffing to age. Best from 2018.
Easy to really like this soft, delicious Merlot. It's so rich in black cherries and cassis, with a chocolaty edge and smoky, sweet notes of oak barrels. Not an ager, but one of the fancier Merlots out there.
This smells fresh, lean and crisp, with briny notes of lemon, cider and almond skins. A snappy palate holds apple, lime and nectarine flavors that finish with peach-pit bitterness, citrus pith and stony notes. Drink immediately.
Oaky in flavor and broad in mouthfeel, this wine has plenty of butter, wood-smoke and toasted-nut aromas followed by ripe pear and butter on the palate. It is full bodied and has a touch of astringency on the finish.
Scents of smoke, earth, citrus rind and a strong acidic foundation define this wine. It's a fine example of cooler-site Washington Syrah, with all the nuances that that brings to the wine. The alcohol hits 14.5%, but doesn't overwhelm the lighter side of the wine. It's genteel and stylish.
More off-dry than medium sweet, this is a fabulously concentrated wine. It has honey, spice, lemon and sweet pear flavors, which give it a bright, vivid character in its youth. Expect it to close up for 3–4 years, before emerging again as a wine with elegance, balance and complexity.
Earthy cherry and plum aromas are a bit briny, while the palate delivers lively acidity and an overall spunky mouthfeel. Flavors of mixed berries, spices and herbs finish with mild oak and clarity.
This is a lovely wine that is packed tight with spicy oak renderings, chocolate Nutella, almond paste, red fruit and roasted espresso bean. The wine shows elegant, drying tannins with creamy mocha flavors that last long in the mouth. Drink after 2015.
The Muscadelle gives a ripe perfumed wine. It is fruity while also full of floral and spice flavors. Made from organically grown grapes, it is crisp and direct, full of apricot and pear flavors. Drinkable now, although it will be better from 2017.
Barrel fermented and left on the lees for 10 months, this fruity, fleshy, creamy wine tastes of citrus (oranges) and tropical (banana) fruits, and still shows the unresolved tannins from the barrels. It's slightly bitter as a result, and will profit from additional bottle age or decanting.
Fragrant with notes of honeysuckle and lemon accenting aromas of pressed apple and pear, this off-dry wine benefits from juicy ripe apple flavors that lend roundness and richness to the palate. It's almost creamy in mouthfeel, but ends briskly with puckering lime and lemon acidity.
Pungent and teetering on the edge of herbaceousness. But then it draws back, settling on passion fruit, tropical breezes and lime. The wine has pulsing acidity and it dances on the palate. It's also sort of bracing and sharp, which some may find too razor-like for their palate. Very nice for coastal Aconcagua, an outland where few besides Errazuriz have gone.
A tight wine, with bitter cherry flavors and a lightness that gives easy, fresh drinking. The year, 2007, doesn't lend itself to a rich red Sancerre, but this brings out the freshness of the year well.
Hot in alcohol and seemingly sweet in black currant and chocolate flavors, this is big and powerful, but rustic. Drink it with a cheeseburger.
A nice counterpoint to Wagner's oaked Reserve Chardonnay, this version is juicy and bright, offering pristine apple and lemon flavors. Concentrated and lush on the palate, it's balanced by a shower of lemon-lime-like acidity and crushed-stone minerality.
Brooding aromas of earth, herb, dried leaf, black currant, blue fruit and barrel spice are followed by focused blue and black-fruit flavors. Lightly crunchy tannins back it all up.
Two-thirds Pinot Gris, the rest a mix of Riesling and Gewürztraminer, this pleasant and fruity white wine can serve many purposes. It's full bodied and fresh, with ripe, round, tangy stone fruit flavor.
This distinguished Cabernet deserves its reserve status. It shows the softness and herbal quality of Alexander Valley, along with rich tiers of red currants, cherry pie and mocha flavors. The tannic structure gives it special complexity. Now through 2012.
The full tilt of freshly ground white pepper fills the nose, edged with hints of yeast and peppery greenery like watercress and arugula. The palate continues in the same peppery, spicy fashion. This has immense verve and freshness and a splendidly light body.
See-through in color, with leafy, earthy aromas that turn more oaky with time. Almost citric in flavor, with tart, lean raspberry and strawberry flavors. Clean but missing potency; juicy nearly to the point of sour.
Light in color, the wine from hand-picked Touriga Franca, Touriga Nacional and Tinta Barroca grapes has strawberry flavors, light acidity and a fresh finish. It is, of course, sweet, hinting at the spirit added to halt fermentation. It's an attractive wine from the Sogrape family group, ready for chilling. Drink now.
Subtle aromas of dark berry, espresso, exotic spice and French oak slowly take shape on this. The firmly structured palate offers sour cherry, cranberry, coffee and licorice while close-grained tannins provide an assertive backbone. Drink 2023–2033.
This wine's sawdust, green herb, vanilla and spice aromas are brooding. The light- to medium-bodied palate delivers cherry flavor, bringing appeal but wanting more expression.
An aromatic blend of 46% Viognier, 37% Roussanne, 17% Riesling, this bears complex scents and flavors of oranges and apricots, which are joined by notes of grapefruit and melon, and complemented with juicy acidity. One-third was barrel fermented in neutral oak, and a portion was left on its lees for added texture.
Aromas of aged cheese, leather, latex and medicinal cherry and plum lead to a juicy, acid-driven palate with buttery oak as the offset. Flavors of oak-related butter, popcorn and saline push this creamy red toward the finish line, but all the while fruit is secondary to oak. Drink through 2018.
This may be a little soft and simple, but overall it is a tasty Merlot that's rich in milk chocolate and cherry jam, with a touch of smoky oak. Drink it at a party.
Delicious ripe berry and cherry flavors make this medium-bodied wine very lush and fruity. It does have moderate tannins for texture, but the richness of fruit just drenches the palate.
This stunning Barolo hails from the village of Verduno. Its gorgeous floral fragrance features balsamic herbs and orange peel. The palate is rich but elegant, with sweet black cherry fruit layered with spice and a hint of vanilla. It's silky smooth already, but will gain more complexity over the next few years.
A kitchen sink-style blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Syrah, Mourvèdre, Tempranillo and other varieties, with no single one making up more than a quarter of the blend. It brings notes of vanilla, cashews, herbs, pepper and assorted berries that don't completely marry but still provide enjoyment, with firm tannins providing much of the feel.
Generously textured with rich fruit and soft tannins, this is already a wine to be drunk. The structure is open, rounded, lit lightly by acidity, sustained by a base of dry tannins and finishing with light perfume.
Monte San Piero is a thick, fatty expression of Soave that opens with a saturated golden color and dense aromas of apricot, honey and toasted almond.
This is a soft, lightly aromatic wine with fresh apple and quince flavors. It has light spice, balanced acidity and a mineral streak that gives the wine shape and texture. It is ready to drink, although it will be even better from 2016.
There's good aromatic intensity in the form of espresso bean, vanilla, black currant and blueberry preserves. This is a hot vintage wine and it shows. It has chewy, sour tannins and did not perform as well as previous vintages. Founded in 1975, Mastrojanni is one of Montalcino's benchmark estates.
This generous, almost opulent wine has both concentration and rounded fruits. It's open already, hinting at wood-aging while concentrating much more on the ripe fruits. Packed with fruit and tannins, it's densely textured. It will age, of course; don't start to drink before 2025.
This classic Northern Rhône-style blend of Syrah and Viognier from granite soil has produced a big, tough wine. The dark tannins are lightened ever-so-slightly by the Viognier. It's rich and full bodied, a complex wine with charming swagger. Best aged for a year or two.
A grassy, herbaceous wine, almost aggressively so. Definitely veers toward those grapefruit, cat-pee aromas that characterize less-than-ripe grapes. In the mouth, it's very tart and lean and crisp, with high acidity. A bracing dose of oak gives it some sweetness and fatness. Those who like this style will find it clean and refreshing.
Floral, lightly herbal red-fruit aromas introduce a concentrated palate with firm but not overpowering tannins and plenty of depth. Flavors of earthy, roasted berry and plum finish spicy, with notes of chocolate and olive. This is a six-grape blend led by Syrah and Carmenère, and it's fully Chilean in its nose and flavor profile. Drink through 2019.
Fairly large, dark and extracted, but also lush and rich, with aromas of raisin and stewed blackberry. The palate is rich to the point of almost being heavy, while the flavors of blackberry and roasted black plum are mildly leathery and salty. Nice, big, meaty and tasty for the price.
A blend of 50% Sangiovese, 25% Merlot and 25% Cabernet Sauvignon, this presents lovely fragrances of blue flower, incense and tilled soil. On the palate, velvety tannins provide a backbone for juicy blackberry, black cherry and Asian spice. Soft and elegant, this is ready to be enjoyed. Drink through 2017.
This standard nonvintage cuvée from Perrier-Jouët is crisp and stylish. It has understated fruitiness, nothing pushing forward too much, giving a balanced wine that has a soft aftertaste and is easily drinkable.
This Barolo has typical varietal aromas of rose and a hint of leather, but shows the heat of the 2007 vintage in its overripe black fruit and spice accompanied by a warm midpalate. The finish is abrupt, marked by bitter, green tannins.
Based in the Chardonnay region of the Côte des Blancs, it's no surprise that this producer has a dominance of that grape in its blend. The wine has great minerality as well as tight acidity and delicious citrus flavors. It's a dry, finely balanced wine to drink now.
This is a smooth and elegant wine with a robust backbone of dark berry and currant, espresso and tea that presents full-bodied ripeness and exuberance on the palate. Minty vanilla closes things out.
Estampa throws the kitchen sink at this blend; the final result is more than solid. The nose centers on dark berries, prune and licorice, while the flavors include meaty black fruit and some acid-based juicy red fruits. The overall feel is comfortable, and the wine is intense and challenging. Drink now through 2009.
Fruity and simple, a mélange of thorn bush berry and tree fruit flavors encased in silky tannins and adequate acids. A good candidate for a tutorial on Pinot Noir.
A pretty, salmon-colored wine, it starts off with scents of strawberry, hay and earth, with just a whiff of cinnamon spice as well. There's a good focus to the mid-palate, with rich cherry flavors mingled with tobacco (!) and spice. Surprising length and concentration follow through into an unmistakable cherry tobacco flavor in the finish. Distinctive and good.
Fragrant blue flower, ripe berry, scorched earth and a whiff of new leather unfold in the glass. The big, chewy palate offers juicy black cherry, ground pepper, clove, star anise and a hint of game framed in youthfully austere, teeth coating tannins. Drink after 2021.
Made from Blauer Portugieser, this is a fresh, red fruit-flavored wine, all light acidity and soft strawberry jam flavors. Drink lightly chilled like a Beaujolais. In the dictionary, the name means “joy and humor”: that sums up the wine pretty well. Screwcap.
Fruity, rich and satisfying. Shows a mélange of pineapple, pear and peach flavors, with creamy vanilla and spice notes, brightened with crisp acidity. Could be a tad drier.
Rich blackberry and black-cherry flavors are a luxurious backdrop to the notes of savory Worcestershire sauce, sweet spice, and darkly toasted wood in this full bodied, yet elegantly structured Merlot. The tannins are ripe, but grippy, and they linger long on the violet-inflected finish. Drinks well now, but it would likely improve until 2015.
Leathery, scratchy black-fruit aromas are striated and minty, with a note of oak. This Monastrell feels grabby, hefty and on the bold and bulky side. Jammy blackberry flavors come with minty green notes, while this tastes mildly grassy and feels a bit hot on the finish.
A very exciting wine with amazing elegance and linearity that delivers intense aromas of licorice, menthol, toast and pressed blackberry. It boasts a penetrating intensity in terms of its ruby color and in the mouth where firm tannins are followed by lingering freshness on the finish.
A good, solid Pinot Gris, with superripe flavors of pineapples, pears, peaches, honeysuckle flowers, vanilla and cinnamon spices. The acidity is nicely brisk. Would score higher if it were drier, as it has a sugary, jammy edge.
Reasonably lush but not unstructured, Cálem's 2000 vintage Port is a solid effort. Eucalyptus, coffee and plum scents mark the nose, while the flavors are fruit-forward plum and blackberry, with a smidgen of dark chocolate. Long and textured on the finish. Drink now-2020.
This Brunello opens with inky, dark concentration and definitely shows a chewy, almost raw quality of cherry fruit that will most likely disappear withdonn just two or three more years of cellar aging. Cola, spice, leather and smoke fill in the rear and the wine ends with crisp acidity.
The sulfur was slow to blow off, but eventually a nice Cab emerged. Soft and gentle in texture, it has rich flavors of chocolate-covered cherries, black currants and spicy oak, with nice crunchy tannins. Drink now.
Bone dry and crisp in mouthwatering acidity, this unoaked, cocktail-style wine has citrus, white flower, white pepper and mineral flavors. With low alcohol, it's a fine starter for the evening.
With low alcohol and an easy disposition, this is the kind of red wine you can enjoy with pizza. The bouquet is redolent of red berry, cola and dried apple skin.
A very fruity, red berry flavored wine. It has a slight tannic structure giving shape to this simple, accessible rosé.
This is a dry wine that's a bit acidic and watery with thin sour-cherry candy flavors and a hit of oak.
Henri de Villamont has a range of wines from Chambolle-Musigny, of which this is the simple village wine. It has big-hearted fruit, black-berry juice and red- cherry flavors, and an elegant final texture.
Insolia, a native grape of Sicily, is blended with Chardonnay to produce a creamy, warm-climate white redolent of peach, apricot, melon and golden honey. The wine is smooth in the mouth with fresh flavors of lemon zest on the close.
Cabernet makes up just over half of this blend. Aromas of black cherries, herbs and minerals are followed by plush-feeling dark-fruit flavors and backed by firm tannins. Drink now.
Smells like crushed vitamins, while the palate is crisp and lemony, with hints of green apple and spice. Not a bad wine in that it holds form all the way through. Seems just a bit resiny and grabby on the tongue. Imported by Broadbent Selections, Inc.
This is a richly sweet wine that's honeyed and ripe. Featuring notes of apricot, spice and an opulent texture, this is full and round in the mouth. It's a wine to pair with spicy foods or blue cheese.
One of the few properties in Saint-Julien that is not a cru classé, Moulin de la Rose does have all the elegant, structured character of the vintage. The tannins are firm, suggesting good long-term aging prospects.
Thick, dense tropical fruit is balanced by acidity and a tartness of green apple and lemon pith in this wine, aged in French oak. Structured and medium bodied, it'll work well at the table.
Sourced from seven different vineyards across the appellation, this ripe Pinot is savory in flavor, seasoning the dark cherry fruit at its center with spicy cardamom and cinnamon. On the palate comes a taste of thick oak and bacon with sizable tannins.
This Syrah is hard and tannic now, and it will always be hard and tannic, but it's quite an impressive wine. So dense and layered, it reveals tiers of complexity with every sip as it airs in the glass. The flavors are of pure, ripe wild blackberries, with currant, coffee and tobacco notes, and sprinkled with crushed black pepper. Drink now–2013.
Paso Robles-based Adelaida is better known for Rhône varieties, but they can turn out a pretty good Pinot Noir, if they can get their hands on good grapes. Now, through their Vineyard Series, they've obtained Encantada fruit, with excellent results. The wine is ripe in cherries and raspberries, yet has deeper, earthier notes of mushrooms, cola and herbs, finished with spices. It's a very fine bottle that's ready to drink now, and should develop over the next six years.
The nose is dominated by spices and herbs, a whiff of violets, fennel and white chocolate. Complex and intriguing, it leads into fruit flavors of plum and cherry, with a hint of alcoholic heat. The wine improved substantially after being open for several hours.
This is a classy and rich Ripasso that opens with distinctive tones of mature fruit, spice, tobacco and smoked mesquite wood. You could pair this wine with stewed lamb or grilled beef thanks to the natural thickness of the mouthfeel.
Pretty orange blossom and yellow peach aromas against a backdrop of petrol make this “gently dry,” light-bodied Riesling a classic expression of the grape. Lots of ripe stonefruit and florals shower the palate, leading to a persistent finish marked with vibrant acidity and a bright lime skin finish.
Dusty pollen notes lend complexity to this gorgeously floral, fruity nectar made from naturally frozen grapes. Brimming with luscious stone fruit flavors yet marked by a cool strike of lemon-lime acidity, it's impeccably balanced. The finish is long and silken.
Nearly all Pinot Noir, with just 15% Chardonnay, this full-bodied sparkler has raspberry and cherry liqueur flavors that finish with a dose of sweet honey. Very high acidity brings needed balance to this rich wine, but it does seem like it could finish a little drier.
This Syrah shows the bright fruit and crisp, organizing acidity of Domaine Alfred's Chamisal botting, which is their reserve, without quite the lushness and power. Nonetheless, it's a fine Syrah, firm and dry in tannins, with fat, sappy texture framing jammy cherry, blackberry and peppery fruit.
Floral aromas of cassis and plum are open, spicy and complex, with a balsamic accent. This feels solid as a rock, with firm tannins and a lively flavor profile that includes blackberry, baked notes, spice and cocoa powder. On the finish, oak is reflected through flavors of vanilla and mocha. Drink from 2014–2022.
Citrus and white blossom come first but there is a deeper, richer floral aspect of yarrow and daisy. The palate is light, dry and wonderfully fresh. Once you've started it's hard to stop with this quintessential summer sipper.
Bright and buoyant, this has notes of rosemary, cola, wild berry and dried ginger. It is structured but compact and crisp, with an elegant menthol finish.
This has some freshness, with red-apple flavors, light and green. There's a spoiling touch of sulfur, probably the result of recent bottling.
Generic from head to toe, this opens with a hint of wood and aromas that suggest cinnamon-spiced applesauce. The palate is plump but flat, while flavors of wood grain and mixed white fruits finish with a vanilla note and then lasting bitterness.
Superb, rich, fruited wine that has an intense creamy character to go with spice and ripe apples, peach and greengage. It has great elegance, a very stylish character, keeping the richness beautifully in balance. Age this wine for 3–4 years.
Here's a foamy, frizzante rosato made with organically-farmed fruit from a little-known wine region in northern Italy. Wild berry and raspberry open the bouquet and although there is a trace of sweetness the wine could otherwise be classified as dry.
A very fine Syrah, dry, peppery and distinguished. Really defines the cool-climate style of the variety, a full-bodied wine with blackberry, grilled meat and sweetly smoked, sandalwood flavors. The tannins are very refined. The quality of this wine far exceeds the price. A great restaurant Syrah, but production was only 398 cases.
A good Pinot, this is perfectly acceptable for everyday purposes. Maybe it's a little pricy, but you get a dry, tart wine, with cherry, cola and mushroom flavors. Drink up.
There's a mellow, soft quality to this cool-climate Grigio that helps it stand out in a crowd. This is a round wine—no sharp edges here—that offers generous peachy cream, apricot, amaretto and just enough acidity to be zesty and mouth-cleansing.
Light notes of cut lemongrass and squeezed lemon show on the nose of this wine by former Harlan Estates cellar master Adam Henkel. Lime juice, wet cement and apple peels combine for a standard and straightforward flavor profile, which is clean, tight and packs a good acidic sizzle.
The wine from Vignobles Chatelier is ripe, smooth and well balanced. With its green fruits balanced by apricot, it is a wine that has both tangy acidity and a soft, rounded texture. It is ready to drink.
Round and even, this dry white from the well-known Rioja producer offers sweet hay, apple and vanilla aromas and flavors. Nicely composed, this has decent balance and a smooth, if modest finish. Best to drink now, and a good bar or party pour. Best Buy. —M.M.
Here's a full and generous Barbera with ripe aromas of blackberry fruit, plum and jammy raspberry. This is a plump, soft style of wine from Piedmont with thick extraction and a chewy, dense feel.
Clean and smooth lines of pear, lemon peel and nectarine are very fresh and easy in this blend of 71% Grenache Blanc, 15% Viognier and 14% Roussanne. It's straightforward on the palate, with Asian pear and melon-rind flavors. A great sunny day wine.
Gold in color, this wine deftly balances the sweetness of the orange marmalade flavor with the dry edge that comes from the spirit and the slight tannic character. Ready to drink.
88-90 The wine seems to have over-ripe fruit, giving it an unbalanced feel. It does have weight, the tannins offering some structure, while it's the acidity that really gives the wine shape.
Muted and diluted, this wine is missing structure and fruit, leaving dullness to the palate. Black currant and blackberry do their best to shine, amid toasty oak.
Relatively simple and fruity, this Sauvignon Blanc from a Pinot Noir hotbed is a good wine, just not at the same level as some of New Zealand's best. On the light side, with passion fruit and citrus flavors that finish clean and crisp.
This shows easy characteristics of red cherry, bitter almond, cola and spice, with a bright and cleansing finish. It would pair nicely with pasta or pizza.
An oaky, concentrated wine, this is briary in robust black and blue fruit that offers a smidgen of black tea. Tannic, this is a powerful wine from a powerful vintage, exuding much of the appellation's earthy signature.
From a Yountville vineyard, this Malbec has certain similarities to the Argentinian version that made the variety popular. It's inky black, tannic and utterly dry, with earthy flavors of blackberries, plums, baker's chocolate and pepper. Cries out for grilled steaks and chops.
This full-bodied but informal wine has sensations of leafy forest floor, mature black cherry, prune and tobacco alongside firm tannins. It's straightforward with a warm midpalate and shy on fresh acidity so enjoy it soon.
The fruit flavors here are very good but simple: a wash of blackberry slathered in coffee, vanilla and sweet spice.
Very stylish, but substantial too, with engaging lemon, vanilla, earth and toast aromas. It’s taut and crisp on the palate, where lovely green-apple, lemon and spice flavors shine. A persistent bead, and familiar flavors with an interesting mineral streak play out on the bright finish. Delicious now and will keep well.
Rooty, herbal, oaky aromas include notes of blackberry, raspberry and molasses. A layered, creamy palate has just enough structure and tannic grab to come across as firm. Charred, toasty flavors of oaky berry fruits and tobacco finish earthy, mature and lightly baked. Drink through 2020.
White-peach aromas meet with vanilla butter and honeysuckle on the nose, yet there is a tension apparent amid the ripeness. The sip starts with an edgy texture and crisp acidity that cut across flavors of nectarine and apple.
Stewed plums and black cherry preserve notes dusted with hints of chocolate and smoke are enjoyable, but there's a vein of leafy green and a touch of sourness that distracts from this wine's otherwise ample ripeness.
Richly textured, viscous but with good acidty for balance. The wine shows pretty melon, citrus, herb, grass, peach and spice flavors and features a mineral edge that is fresh and clean at the end.
There's a hint of strawberry at the start that soon segues to savory aromas of cured meat and spice. The ripeness translates to the mouth where there's a touch of cherry. Age for five more years.
This wine is crisp, medium bodied and surprisingly firm for an inexpensive Merlot. Drink this wine over the next year or two for its potent cassis and black cherry fruit. Some rare beef will help show the wine to best effect.
This pure expression of Cabernet Sauvignon from sunny Tuscany has done a good job of holding up to the heat of the vintage. The wine shows ripe aromas of blackberry, chocolate and spice but does not taste jammy or cooked. In fact, it strikes a very good balance between fruit and firmness.
This is fruity, with a hint of the vintage's crisp minerality. It has citrus and apple flavors, with a touch of toast. Ready to drink in a year.
A pretty tropical fruit nose leads on this Sauvignon Blanc from a consistently good producer. On the palate, the lush fruit falls a little flat, but the wine has a simple and dependable character that makes for good everyday sipping. Crisp and with a touch of delicate fruit, it has character and charm.
Light aromas of toast, melon and butter lead to sleek stone and tropical fruit flavors that persist on the finish.
Aromas of fresh asparagus, grass and tropical fruit are followed by dry, light-bodied, easy-drinking fruit flavors. This wine doesn't offer a lot of complexity but still brings appeal.
The historic winery's most widely accessible bottling, this is a solid everyday sipper, showing concentrated olallieberry, black plum, violet and teriyaki aromas. The palate discloses blackberry and mint, with touches of pepper and lavender.
Less successful than the red Jacques Sans Souci, this nevertheless has some attractive fresh citrus and green plum flavors and bright fresh acidity. Simple fruits and a light green apple structure give it a good, crisp finish.
The oak (40% new French) steals the show on this vineyard-designated, single block Syrah with notes of vanilla and toast overwhelming the vintage's subtle fruit flavors.
Hard-edged tannins are the star on this wine now, but it does show an enormous heart of blackberries and black currants. Will it age? It is Howell Mountain, so the answer is, probably yes. Drink 2018–2020.
Way too much cat pee in the aroma of this wine. There's a big difference between gooseberries and that feline smell, and you don't have to be a chemist to discern it.
It's fun to try this wine from an Italian grape variety that is rare in California. It tastes unusually lean and tangy, with earthy aromas. Dry and taut on the palate, it has a mineral or metallic tinge to the rather austere fruit flavors.
This aromatic wine has a strong floral scent that opens into more typical notes of tart lime skin and pineapple. It continues with similar palate impressions, then leaves a somewhat oily aftertaste, like a swallow of perfume.
Light and forward, this pleasant, single vineyard selection opens with pretty raspberry and black cherry fruit and an impression of spritziness. The flavors suggest Campari, with light streaks of herb and anise.
Hogue is making a lot of Pinot Grigio, maybe the most in the state, done in a tart, high acid style with emphasis on fruit skin flavors—lemon zest, orange peel, pear skin and green apples. A fine food wine.
Napa's Randy Dunn is making this 100% Cab with Long Shadows winemaker Gilles Nicault. Soft, ripe and plummy, it shows a good mix of red and blue fruits, amplified with lots of toast, chocolate, coffee and cinnamon highlights. Definitely a Napa-meets-Washington style.
Classic with grassy scents on the nose, this also shows lime peel, lemongrass, ripe honeydew and slight passionfruit aromas. Ripe Anjou pear powers the tip of the palate, with sharper grass elements and a sour citrus flavor emerging later.
This Cab shows intensely pure blueberry fruit alongside cocoa, sandalwood, dried scarlet rosebuds, leather and pencil shavings on the nose. Very savory on the palate with restrained fruit, this offers crushed oregano, marjoram, thyme, black pepper, sea salt, soy and miso flavors. It's pleasantly approachable and enjoyable now.
If there was any oak on this wine, and the winery doesn't say so, it doesn't show. What stars is pure fruit from the vineyard, the first ever planted to Sauvignon Blanc in Dry Creek Valley. The flavors are massive, of citrus and tropical fruits, melons, tangy minerals and exotic spices. Just gorgeous, it's one of the most complex and satisfying Sauvignon Blancs on the market. Production was a scant 252 cases.
This multivintage, Cabernet Sauvignon-led blend deals tobacco, cedar, olive, tomato and spice aromas along with earthy berry notes. The palate has a tartaric imprint, while flavors of vanilla, blackberry, cassis and green herbs finish oaky and with plenty of leftover vanilla and tobacco. Drink through 2020.
Smells like floor polish at first. Gets better with time, but still a weak wine of juicy acids, too much oak, not enough fruit and a grating finish. Does nothing to move the dial forward in terms of Argentine Chardonnay.
Amid the blackberry and asphalt tones, this has a funky rubber twist on the nose. The bottling is a side label of Avelina, founded by former Oreana Winery owner Christian Garvin. It's tart and sour on the palate, with dried raspberries and a bit more funk.
Raw fruit notes of cherry and raspberry will find true dimension as this continues to age. There's a slightly sour note of bitter almond on the finish, and the mouthfeel is smooth and polished.
This is an aromatic dazzler, with notes of herb, apricot, orange peel and dried flowers. It drinks off dry, with rich, mineral stone-fruit flavors and balanced acidity. Pair with curried shrimp.
Rich and concentrated, this is dominated by superripe fruit. The wine derives its weight and full body from the clay soil of the Käferberg. The tight texture and acidity shows some restraint, but this selection is about power.
This is a pleasant, medium-bodied Pinot Noir from one of the most famous Pinot blocks in Marlborough. The palate is filled with bright, tart cherry fruit leading to a decently long finish.
A soft banana and cherry-flavored wine that has attractive acidity and only the lightest of tannins. It is bright, fruity and ready to drink.
Punchy and grapy on the nose, this bright Malbec feels edgy and rubbery. Flavors of spicy black cherry and kirsch finish solidly, with a hint of chocolate flavor.
This is a 50-50 blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah from Coombsville. It's dense with tannins, but they're very finely woven, and the wine has a gentle grace. The flavors of blackberries are pristine and ripe, and accompanied by a new oak smokiness. Good as it is now, it will develop bottle complexity after 2016.
This is a fleshy, fairly priced Cabernet from the 337 clone (hence the name), that has notes of dark cherry fruit and baking spice throughout, with just a trace of coconut on the finish.
For a traditionally rather burly grape variety, this Mourvèdre is surprisingly silky in texture. That tender thread runs from start to finish, cosseted by hints of boysenberry, plum and vanilla and ending on notes of mocha and roasted meat. Drink now–2020.
Cabernet Sauvignon is blessed with 9% Merlot, coming together in a seamlessly rich wine intense in dark chocolate, coconut and vanilla. Soft, the tannins are integrated and the juiciness of the fruit concentrated, finishing with more of that rich taste of chocolate.
Mild notes of tomato leaf accent this wine's refreshing white-grapefruit aromas and flavors. It's medium in body and dry, finishing long and elegant. Drink now.
A solid Amador County Primitivo from a consistently good producer that is subtle with bright red and blue fruit with a layer of mint and earthy cedar. Well crafted, it tastes light and soft from start to finish.
Solid Pinot Noir at this price isn't something you find every day. Plum, cherry and earthy spice notes are varietally on target. This feels round, but with adequate acidity and good balance. Light oak flavors accent cherry and red-plum notes, while this tastes slightly green on the finish.
Made with organically farmed grapes, this charming, easy-drinking red is delicately scented with red berry and spice. The luminous, silky palate offers crushed strawberry, juicy cherry and white cinnamon alongside fresh acidity. Serve slightly chilled for the perfect summer red.
This wine is a blend of Les Collines, Stone Valley, Seven Hills, Pepper Bridge and Summit View fruit. The aromas of plum, stem and herb haven't yet fully revealed themselves. The flavors are lush and layered, with the tannins bringing a touch of astringency on first pour, settling out over time. Best after 2018 or with a short decant.
A blend of mostly Grenache, with smaller amounts of Tempranillo and Syrah, this is smooth and polished, with dried fruit flavors. It bears a leaf note and a whiff of mint, with a muscular, tannic finish that adds complexity.
Described as doux (sweet), this is a wine from superripe, rather than botrytis, fruit. The flavors are of black currant jelly, spiced with cranberry and acidity. It is really an apéritif wine, its fresh character just as important as its sweetness.
Dry smelling, like a wild field in summer, meaning it's a bit brambly. Feels thorough and full, with tea, spice and oaky flavors supporting sweet berry fruit. Crusty and toasted on the finish, but clean and solid as a whole.
91-93 This feels very juicy, the fruit almost over-ripe. There is a generous new world feel to it, very opulent, super-rich. Open black plum and damson fruits push through the dark, perfumed tannins.
At 60% Merlot and 40% Cabernet, this signature blend from La Rosa exhibits touches of green on the nose but mostly deep black fruit. The palate runs thick and sticky courtesy of extract and tannin, however, the flavors of plum, chocolate and bacon are satisfying. Quite a big, meaty red. Powerful if a bit clumsy.
This affordable wine impresses in smoky, charred oak and a full, robust profile that it embraces completely. Leather, blackberry and black pepper combine on the palate for power and a lengthy, lasting impression on the finish.
Soft and gentle and very rich, with waves of red cherry, currant, chocolate, licorice and sweet spice flavors that go on and on. Really nice to drink with a grilled steak.
Root beer, cola nut, black cherry, black raspberry and anise seed combine for an exciting nose on this bottling from a winery near Morgan Hill. The mouthfeel is full, with graphite and lively fennel-bulb spice mixing with blackberry fruit and an earthy elegance on the pleasing palate.
Strong-minded with a tannic bite, this Cab has soft red fruit and a menthol quality to it that doesn't seamlessly mesh together.
A bit sharp and jammy, like it's fresh from the fermenter. In fact, almost with a nouveau quality. But the blackberry, mulberry and peppery chocolate flavors are savory.
This vineyard-select is denser and richer than the estate's base Vino Nobile. The extraction and thickness is more noticeable here and the wine tastes chewy and juicy in the mouth with flavors that recall ripe cherry, wet earth and exotic spice. It is aged in barrique for 18 months.
Dry and rather light-bodied, this has an authentic light color and an intriguing mix of flavors: a hint of rosemary, tasty raspberry and dried cherry. Lip-smacking tannins and good acidity give texture and balance. Grapes come from 100-year-old vines.
A bouquet of cherry, white chocolate and juniper berry sets the stage for flavors of raspberry, blackberry, blueberry pie and baking spices. It is smooth in the mouth, with a sense of soft sweetness that is neither overpowering nor cloying, bolstered by a pervasive backbone of acidity.
A grippy Cabernet lacking in fruit and personality.
A fruity nose of red berry and vanilla toast leads into smooth berry and spice flavors on the palate here. Lively and slightly tart, the wine offers toasted spice and minerals on the finish.
Ripe peach, dried sultana and a touch of dried fig suggest superripe grapes. Nonetheless, the dry and mineral palate creates a firm, dry frame for all that fruit. Austere discipline contrasts with opulent fruit, and the tussle will please the lucky drinker. The length is astonishing.
One of the least-expensive red blends the winery makes, this bottling of 50% Syrah, 30% Petite Sirah and 20% Cabernet Sauvignon shows blueberry, lavender, violets, ginger snap, oregano, leather, coffee and freshly baked croissant on the nose. It's layered on the sip, with dark chocolate, caramel, black-cherry juice, pork au jus and savory miso flavors.
Crisp and cutting, this exceptionally refreshing dry rosé balances a dainty foot print with concentrated red cherry and raspberry flavors. There's a whisper of savory herb notes throughout but the finish is peachy and bright. An unusual blend of Merlot accented with a mélange of other red and white grapes.
Pure on the nose, with a delightful mix of graphite, wild berry, cedar and minerally aromas, this is a rich, plump, mildly tannic Cabernet that will show best in the near term. Flavors of cassis, subdued oak spice and vanilla finish with ripe dark-berry sweetness and proper overall weight. Drink through 2018.
With a yellowish color and round melony aromas that are suggestive of candle wax, this feels oily and a touch viscous, but not fat or out of shape. Dry, slightly salty melon flavors finish strong.
Starts with a blast of peach and passion fruit alongside slightly grassy elements, then adds melon and grapefruit flavors. Finishes clean and fresh; easy-drinking. Drink now.
This magenta-colored blend is mostly Bobal, and it smells reduced, with raw raspberry and plum scents. A racy, rubbery and pinching palate holds tart plum and currant flavors. This wine is constrained as a whole, but juicy.
Although the wine is closed at the moment, showing only its tannic side, it has a good promise from the weight of fruit that's at the back. Ripe and juicy, it should age well. Drink from 2017.
A warm-hearted wine with acidity balanced by blackberry and red fruits. The wine is soft, with some sweetness, although the tannins do give a drier aftertaste.
Based on Merlot, this Right Bank-style Bordeaux blend has rich, instantly likeable flavors of cherries, currants, cocoa, green olives and violets. New oak plays a prominent role, both in toasty flavors and in wood tannins. The wine feels softly tannic in the mouth, and will be fabulous now with a great steak, but it also will develop over the next 10–12 years.
This is huge in fruit, like Godzilla trampling skyscrapers underfoot. Yet it's so exquisitely balanced in all its parts, it possesses a Zen-like stillness at the center of all these massive, swirling elements. This is easily Williams Selyem's best Papera Zin yet. So rich in black raspberry jam, red currant, mocha, pepper and sweet sandalwood flavors, yet so focused, it just blows your mind.
Smoky cinnamon dominates the nose, on the palate where notes of red currant and cranberry become apparent. The palate is tightly gathered in its finely constructed, tannic frame. Time in glass reveals riper cherry fruit at the heart. In two to three years it will mellow and show its true aromatic colors. The substance is evident now, but the aromas bid you to wait. Ready from 2016.
Lusty and voluptuous are two words that describe this bone-dry Syrah. Heat from high alcohol accentuates the black currant, raisin and pepper flavors, and thick, rich tannins make it a full-bodied partner for beef. Could develop with two years in the bottle.
The steep Cazetiers vineyard is among the best of Gevrey's Premier Crus. This is a robust wine that can take all the wood thrown at it and still come back tasting of sweet plums and fresh raspberries. The tannins, with their smoky character, shine right through the heart of the wine.
A new entry in the Dusted Valley lineup, this offering is co-fermented with Viognier and includes a small amount of Petite Sirah as well. It shows real depth and power, a concentrated explosion of boysenberry and black cherry fruit, annotated with clove and anise. A delicious underpinning of mineral and graphite anchor the lengthy finish.
With the whimsical name Paesi Tuoi (“your countries”), this youthful Barolo will definitely appeal to refined, international taste buds. The wine opens beautifully with loads of rose, violet and blue flower. In the mouth, it shows soft, silky tannins and bright acidity. Drink after 2015.
Kuleto muscles itself into the top ranks with wines like this well-made, serious Cabernet. It's dry and balanced, and shows elegant restraint in how the blackberry and cassis fruit has been reined in but still allowed to express itself. Oak plays a supporting role. Drink now through 2008.
With the addition of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot to Austrian fruit, this is the international view from Igler. Wood aging has smoothed the fruit tannins, and this is a less explosive vintage of Vulcano than in the past. It is more on the elegant side, fruit, wood and acidity all in balance.
This is a 100% varietal wine, with fruit sourced from Sonoma Mountain as well as Dry Creek and Alexander valleys. Black fruit wraps around generous tannin and oak as a touch of cola spice attempts to liven things up on the palate.
Dull, soft and somewhat vegetal. Tastes like brussel sprouts soaked in red wine, with a squeeze of sweet oak. Merlot and Cabernet.
This is as soft and luscious as velvet, and it offers smooth, rich tannins that frame the oak-tinged blackberry, black currant, anise and dark chocolate flavors. Its richness comes with high alcohol, which gives it a slight warmth on the finish.
Overtones of shortcrust pasty and fruitiness are reminiscent of apple pie on this nutty, textured and sunny Austrian original. This Neuburger's major focus is on freshness and verve. It has a pleasantly fruity, ripe but refreshing body with lip-smacking freshness. It will gain immensely from being served alongside food where its texture will come into its own.
Exotic on the nose, with aromas of raspberry, plum and blueberry. Shows good intensity on the palate, with a solid feel and fresh flavors of blackberry and dark plum. Fresh but smooth on the finish; very good in every way.
89-91 Barrel sample. Rich and sweet, with fresh tannins and solid fruit flavors. The wine is dark, but has vivid acidity.
A beautifully perfumed wine. It has a good edge of firm tannins, but the fruit is so sweet and ripe, packed with strawberry jam flavors. Very seductive, the wood spice gives an extra edge. Drink now, or age for 4–5 years.
Honey and white fruit aromas are followed by a soft, easy wine that has creaminess, pear flavors and fresh acidity. It is rich, gentle and at its peak of maturity.
This is an austere wine that's tough on the palate and with high acidity. The black currant fruitiness is still developing, so the wine shouldn't be drunk before 2016.
Comedìa is a blend of Sangiovese (50%), Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot that delivers immediate aromas of spice, toasted almond and cherry fruit. It shows crisp, fresh acidity and an easy mouthfeel that would pair well with aged pecorino cheese.
This Pinot Blanc opens with a decadent, expressive nose of orange blossom, spice and honeysuckle then turns a bit more austere in the mouth. Crisp and dry, with a short-to-medium finish. Drink now.
Hugely extracted with blackberries, cherries, blueberries and chocolate, this wine immediately impresses for its sheer power. Oak and high alcohol are key components to this powerful wine, but pour it with barbecue, and nobody will complain.
Owner/winemaker Milan Maximovich does not make wine by the book—so sometimes his offerings are a little strange. This bottling opens with big-time toasted oak (some might say it smells burnt). The fruit is unlike most Cabernet: It tastes like a hybrid of pie cherries and beets. It finishes tart, slightly overacidic and fairly awkward.
Very clear in the glass, this bottling from the Wrath team shows honeydew, passionfruit, pine needle and a hint of wood on the nose. The flavors are straightforward, with green-apple flesh and a hint of more passionfruit.
A wine that goes way over the top in its richness, power and concentration, and yet somehow keeps its balance and freshness. At the end, the pepper and fruit rather than the alcohol are dominant.
Here's a really good value in a dry, full-bodied Cabernet Sauvignon. It's filled with varietal flavors of blackberries and black currants, with a long, sweet finish. The tannins are sturdy and ripe. Fully ready now.
Lean and a bit ungenerous, especially for a 2003. Tart apple and citrus aromas and flavors shed some early sulfur but never really blossom, finishing hard. Imported by Valckenberg International, Inc.
One of the first to use the now famed acronym for Grenache, Shiraz, Mourvèdre blends, Oatley's GSM is luscious yet broody, with oak that should integrate better with a little more time in the bottle. Think ripe cherry, dark chocolate and black olive notes. The palate is medium in weight and has a bitter, oaky finish. Drink 2018–2022.
The nose gives little away, the clean palate falls in line with almost equal neutrality. It's only on the aftertaste that you get some of that savory yeastiness we so associate with fresh, young Grüner. Drink soon while there still is some freshness.
Savory in aroma, with popcorn and toast flavors punctuated by a spice thread. Noticeably off-dry, this subtle white winds up on a sweet peach note. Drink now.
Ripe and juicy, this is an immediately appealing wine, full of forward fruit that is rich and sweet. Dark cherry lies over cranberry sharpness. The wine flows easily from the glass, an example of the sunny side of Beaujolais.
This coastal-influenced Chardonnay smells of green olive, iodine and sea brine more than fruit. A citric, high-intensity palate is chalky and minerally, as intended. Flavors of dried, briny stone fruits and apple are outright salty like the ocean, while the finish on this new wine from chalk-based soils is woody and briny, with juicy acidity.
This medium-bodied, succulent wine blends three varieties into a complex and harmonious whole. Melon, stone fruit and grapefruit flavors are tinged with hints of peppery-gingery spice, then end long and mouthwatering.
At first glance, this is not particularly impressive; it's slightly herbal and rustic, with a raisiny edge to the fruit. But this really improves with air, fleshing out on the midpalate and losing the raisiny notes in favor of plum and savory notes. Give it four or five years in the cellar and drink it over the next 15 or so.
Wiry, slightly volatile aromas of blackberry and cassis come with rooty notes and a mild shot of vinegar. This feels solid and creamy, with lactic oak creating chewy weight. Flavors of blackberry, vanilla and caramel are roasted and salty, while the finish tastes toasty, minty and oaky, with hard tannins.
This is a ripe wine with prune, raisin, coconut and cedar-sawdust aromas. Dense in the mouth, with giant tannins, this dry-farmed bear features sun-baked, slightly stewed flavors of berry fruits along with minty oak. A hard-driving finish is woody and tannic. Drink through 2018.
Vasse Felix's impressively consistent track record with Cabernet continues with the 2009, a mouth-filling, supple wine that still retains a modicum of structure. Bold cassis fruit is balanced by earthy, meaty complexity and finishes long and mouthwatering. Drinkable now, but it should hold easily through 2020, and possibly longer.
Ripe del Falco is a successful experiment in the aging ability of Gaglioppo, a native variety of Calabria in Southern Italy. The light-bodied, crimson-colored wine shows tertiary aromas of spicy dried fruit, red licorice and wild mushroom. Not everyone will like it, but if you fancy yourself an enological archeologist, give it a try: The tannins are fine-grained and the delicate wine has aged well over the years.
Honeysuckle and yellow peach perfume this intensely aromatic dry Riesling. Voluptuously rich, it coats the palate with an explosion of tropical fruit and thrilling sweet-tart acidity. Drinks deliciously now, but it's metamorphosis should be fascinating through 2035.
Consumers may find it difficult to differentiate this from the 2010 Ste. Michelle version of the same wine—both are 100% Cold Creek vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon. But this one, bottled under the Northstar label, has more muscle, more power and more depth. Tannic, thick and darkly fruited, it's a tightly-wound yet expressive effort, with complex flavors that move from black cherry and cassis into fig, tar, tobacco, espresso, dark chocolate and smoke.
From sandy soil above the banks of the Cher river, this wine has crisp citrus and clean, bright white berry and lime flavors. There's a refreshing herbal aftertaste. Drink now.
Known for its pink-metallic bottle cover and signature “Ace of Spades” logo, this fresh-faced wine is crisp and zesty. The wine, with a pale salmon-pink color and lively mousse, is light and full of red-currant fruit that keeps it bright. Dry, young and fruity, it's made by the Cattier house for entrepreneur and rapper Jay Z. Drink now.
This is really a spectacular wine. It's hard to say why it's so superior to Krutz's 2005 bottling, but it's richer and more elegant in every respect. Combines immense power with great finesse. The refined essence of blackberries, black currants and spices thrills the palate, accented with the most beautiful coating of smoky oak. A great achievement that should develop in the bottle through 2018.
With vigorous blackberry, black currant, dark chocolate and oak flavors, this wine certainly tastes young. The tannins are strong, and there's a primary-fruit sweetness that needs some time to settle. It's finely constructed enough that 6–8 years in a good cellar doesn't seem to be a risk.
Comes down on the rustic, tannic side, with very ripe, almost overripe blackberry and cherry flavors that taste jammy. Decent, but not an ager, so drink now.
The aromas are perfumed and expressive, with notes of crushed flowers, brown stems, black olive, sea salt, smoked meat and funk. The flavors are dense and intense, but still with a silky feel. It's a classic example of this producer, with a finish that just won't quit.
This is essentially Tempranillo, with small amounts of Grenache and Syrah added; it is light and scented with sweet cracker. Fruit flavors favor cherry candy, with a leathery, tackroom undertone. The tannins are leathery and stick to the tongue, dampening the fruit.
This is nutty and minerally on the nose, and barely citric as far as fruit aromas go. On the palate, there's bitterness, with a grapefruit tang making up the flavor profile. A blend of Sauvignon Blanc and Chardonnay.
Crisp acidity and laser-pure fruit immediately characterize this as a Central Coast Chardonnay. It's not a blockbuster, but with zesty pineapple, apricot and peach flavors, it's a great buy at this price.
Some Pinots can handle high alcohol. This one feels hot and sweet, not in sugar but in alcohol and glycerine. It merits this score because the tart-like cherry, cocoapuff and cinnamon flavors taste good, but it really needs greater balance.
This young Cabernet feels thin and earthy, with little to offer in the way of fruit. Aged in American oak, roughly one third new, it is tart and unyielding.
This is a dry-style Riesling, though it still lends a ripe, fruity impression. Lemon, lime and grapefruit are shuffled into a winning hand, with ample details of cilantro, fennel and wet stone. It's a vibrant, refreshing wine that is immensely food friendly.
Lemon-lime, some grapefruit and flint vie with an off cheese-like aroma on the nose. The tangerine and grapefruit flavors seem to carry some green with them, while the finish is plagued by a bitter pithy quality. The weight is average and the overall balance is adequate.
Mainly Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot, this is a soft, easy wine for drinking now. It has fruit-forward flavors of blackberries and cherries, with a strong dose of sweet, smoky oak.
A tiny percentage of Chardonnay gives this lightly fragrant sparkler extra dimension and smoothness on the finish. Bright and easygoing, it offers citrus, peach and Golden Delicious apple aromas.
This is a lively, ripe, fruity wine that has both richness and freshness in equal measure. The wine is warm, but with delicate fruitiness from crisp red fruit. Drink this wine soon.
Primarily from the High Plains and Hill Country, a fruity-citrusy-figgy wine with a nice cut of smoky apricot. Drinks quite full-bodied and rich, and very dry, with pretty acidity, and then turns tartly crisp on the finish.
A distinctive Chardonnay made in the Farrell style, which leans toward acidic and elegant. But this is not an austere wine, far from it. It has a rich minerality and flavors of lime and pineapple custard, and then an even richer crème brûlée finish. Delicious and complex.
Even nearing six years of age, this Merlot remains tannic, although the cherry and blackberry fruit is starting to dry out. There's a curious sweetness at its core. Not going anywhere, so drink up.
More restrained on the nose than the regular Chardonnay, but with greater depth, richness and texture, the 2005 Casarina Reserve Chardonnay is a selection of older vines, mainly the Mendoza clone. Subtle popcorn and cereal-grain notes add elegance to the melon fruit, finishing with crisp acids that balance the wine's weight.
The Tête family is well known in Beaujolais both as vineyard owners and as wine merchants. This wine comes from a family-owned vineyard close to Juliénas. It is fruity and ripe with a rich texture and warm tannins. Perfumed and with fine acidity, it is ready to drink.
This estate-grown wine is burly, brambly, dense and syrupy, with blackberry, chocolate, cinnamon and leather flavors. Its thick texture persists on the finish.
A big, chewy Zinfandel that'll throw you on the ground and lather you in berry-incased tannins, peppery body and all-out lusciousness. All the fruit comes from Shake Ridge Ranch, Ann Kraemer's rock-star vineyard, from a trio of clones (Heart's Desire, Mendo and Monte Rosso) and the 12% Petite Sirah adds a dusty backdrop to the finish, which also surprises with a touch of licorice. The oak is present, in a good way.
Some spritzy bubbles and a yeasty flavor confirm that this is quite young and fresh, certainly the best time to enjoy it. The color is almost translucent, the flavors running lightly from celery to apple to melon, but this 100% varietal wine is quite well made and nicely defined.
A wine with a good balance between taut structure and forward fruit. Red cherries dominate this attractive light and fruity wine.
Of the winery's two reserves, this is the darker in terms of both fruit and barrel flavors. Well-ripened cherry fruit fills the mouth, and leads into a full-bodied, resonant finish with highlights of toasted coconut. This delicious, well-balanced wine spent 10 months in new French oak.
Soft toast, almond skin, wood-grilled peaches and honeydew aromas carry through to the rich mouth. Creamy and full with balanced acidity and a cedary finish. A blend of 85% Roussanne, 10% Grenache Blanc and 5% Viognier.
Peat, flower, smoked meat and earthy funk aromas are at the fore. The flavors show a combination of richness and elegance, with smoked meat and olive brine flavors that linger.
Funky aromas including game, scorched earth, a whiff of barnyard and a note of pressed violet take shape in the glass. The aromas carry over to the palate, alongside a rustic, overripe quality. It closes on a bitter note.
While this Chardonnay has rich tropical fruit and citrus flavors, with a light touch of oak, the acidity and minerality make it taste clean and balanced. Don't drink it too cold, and be sure to enjoy it with Dungeness crab and buttered sourdough bread.
This wine is 100% varietal and comes from a single block and clone (clone 3). Aromas of woodspice, blue fruit and herbs lead to sweet, supple fruit flavors and grainy tannins. There are a lot of good things going on but the wood steps a bit in front of them.
Meaty in wild berry and leather, this is a high-toned wine with a gritty texture that evolves to become velvety in the glass. Generously ripe and rich in body, it's intense and fresh in equal measure, showing a complement of balanced brawn and beauty.
Black berries, spice and black plums are the dominant flavors of this blend of Blaufränkisch, Zweigelt and Cabernet Sauvignon. Austerity and minerality layer within the dry firm fruits. The wood shows well, a foil for the freshness, acidity and dry tannins. Screwcap.
Wines like this are why Americans can't get enough Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc. Passion fruit and nectarine are joined by spicy hints of jalapeño, creating a fine balance of round, tropical fruit with peppery piquancy that leaves the mouth watering.
An interesting wine that makes you think. Straddles the border between minty wintergreen unripeness and cherry-cola ripeness, coming down in favor of the latter. Streamlined and elegant, it's good now for the dry crispness, but not an ager. Drink soon.
This is an earthy, ethereal, lighter-bodied wine. It's satisfyingly varietal and shines in blue fruit, sarsaparilla, strawberry hulls and touches of a forest floor's trove of mushrooms. Well-hewn acidity gives it a freshness and structure with a background of firm tannin.
Made from a blend of organically farmed Chardonnay, Grillo and 5% Viognier, this opens with delicate aromas of honeysuckle and stone fruit. The bright palate offers white peach, golden apple and a hint of citrus alongside crisp acidity.
This Nero d'Avola is simple, light and smooth, with aromatics of red fruits and leather. Plum and berry flavors are solid, while the finish offers integrated oak and vanilla. A correct, good-feel red for easygoing occasions.
This blend, based on Cabernet, is soft in structure, with easily accessible blackberry jam, sugared herb tea, red licorice and oak flavors.
This has an earthy nose, but airing helps this Monastrell-Syrah blend move beyond the leathery, warm notes. It feels full yet balanced, with roasted, savory flavors of stewed plum and grilled meat. It's warm, with a dose of molasses on the finish.
This superb single-vineyard bottling from the heart of Bussia was macerated on the skins for a whopping 90 days. It's a breathtaking expression of Barolo, with intense Nebbiolo scents of rose, truffle and leather. The palate shows vibrant black cherry, truffle, spice, carob, pastry cream and balsamic herb notes and has remarkable depth and complexity. This is already fantastic and will age well for decades. Imported by Masciarelli Wine Co, Moonlight Wine Co.
The sourcing on Landmark's Overlook bottling has changed constantly over the years. This 2011 is certainly rich in pineapples, nectarines, tangerines, Meyer lemons and smoky oak. It reflects the popular Chardonnay appetite.
Aromas of white flowers, stone fruits and lees are typical of well-made Albariño. A juicy, elegant palate with a mix of citrus and stone-fruit flavors is lasting, with a hint of pithy character coming up on the finish.
Smooth and soft, this creamy textured wine has warm pear and apple flavors. It's ripe, lightly spicy and very soft on the finish.
Grassy aromas meet those of papaya and banana, while the palate displays similar tropical notes with citrus and grassiness. Light and thin throughout, this finishes with bitter herbs.
Full of new wood and tannic flavors, this is dense, dry, very firm. It does suffer from some licorice overextraction that gives the wine a bitter edge. At the same time, the wine has a full and firm character that promises a softening over the next several years.
Earthy, minty, herbal black-fruit aromas blend with a note of grass. This wine feels plump and grabby, with hard edges. Modest but solid black-fruit flavors are toasty but short, while the finish offers blackened spice notes and grapy flavors as it dissipates.
An elegant wine, its red fruits laced with firm yet subtle tannins. It is finished with acidity, a balanced layer of wood. The wine, with its serious structure, needs 2–3 years aging.
Ripe yellow and white fruits are the dominant factor in this smooth, rich wine. It has good weight, along with a juicy, lemon and zest texture. Not for aging, unlike some Pouilly Fumé, so drink over the next few months. Screwcap.
This gorgeous dessert wine shows a coffee-colored tint that's backed by lush, deep aromas of fig, caramel, toffee and prune. The palate shows weight but a refined mouthfeel that's not sticky or heavy. Flavors of coffee, mocha, chocolate, caramel, peanut brittle and prune finish warm and long. Only 43 cases made.
This vintage of Re Noto (85% Nero d'Avola with 15% Syrah) tastes young and sharp in places with aromas of cherry candy, Graham cracker and cinnamon snaps. The nose is very sweet-smelling and there is lingering spice on the finish.
Dark and smoky, this rather heavy-set Grenache has a chocolaty note from start to finish. The raspberry and black cherry fruit is tight but substantial, and the barrel aging—21 months in 20% new French oak—handled just right.
Based in the Côte des Blancs, this producer has made a soft, ripe style of Blanc de Blancs. It's smooth and creamy in texture, drinkable now with its hint of toastiness balanced by crisper apple flavors.
Dark, bone dry and very tannic, this Merlot-based Bordeaux blend has a fine structure. In the mouth it feels rich and earthy, but offers fruitier flavors of currants, limned in sweet, smoky oak. Very Bordeaux-esque.
With a hefty case production, the wine is light and thin, but there are pleasant enough flavors. It's average Chardonnay, with just enough appley fruit, oak and sweetness to satisfy. It's clean and well-made, and there's not much more you can say about it.
This Cabernet Franc has a slightly watery, sweet fruit element that lacks the cheerful vibrancy and pluckiness of the variety. On the nose, it offers soft red fruit and some spice, but the flavors feel weak. Not a bad wine overall, but needs some muscle.
). Savory on the nose with scents of pressed apple and honey comb, this fairly dry Riesling is surprisingly round and rich on the palate with a lush, floral profile balanced by hints of wax and lanolin and a tart lime juice acidity.
This is Fred Loimer's star wine, the summit of his ambition at extracting the purest quality possible from his fruit. The wine has apricot, lime, touches of honey for a  very shapely but full-bodied profile. There is a hint of toastiness, fitting beautifully into the white fruits and final acidity. Age for 4–5 years at least.
This wine is a blend of the five Bordeaux varieties. It's aromatically reserved, with notes of flowers, high-toned herbs, wood spice and dark fruit, but it's not yet fully ready to reveal its charms. The flavors are dark and dense, with chewy, lightly dry tannins providing support. The finish stretches-out.
Cool briary plum and blackberry aromas show lactic, creamy oak, which is nothing unusual for Cobos. Plump, dense and saturated in the mouth, this block-selection Malbec is extremely ripe, with medicinal black fruit and raisiny flavors touched up by mocha and peppery spice. An oaky, spicy finish is par for the course. Drink through 2021.
Smoky and plummy, with Carmenère's characteristic herbal tang. This is soft and creamy in texture, very approachable in style, with some chocolaty notes on the finish.
Mourvèdre (81%) makes up the majority of this blend with Grenache (12%) and Syrah filling it out. It leans into savory notes, with aromas of sage, dried herbs, white pepper and mineral. The flavors are plush and palate-coating, bringing a slightly tacky feel that softens over time. It will be best after 2019.
This offers aromas of dark-skinned berry, Asian spice, menthol and new leather. The juicy palate delivers wild cherry, crushed raspberry and licorice alongside fine-grained tannins and bright acidity. It shows good concentration and body for the vintage.
Made with Chardonnay vinified in wood and old-vine Pinot Noir, this strongly flavored rosé has a tannic edge as well as red fruits. It is full bodied and rich, ready to drink.
This is a food-friendly Sauvignon blended with hints of Riesling (for acidity) and Viognier (for fragrance). Citrus and grassy notes strike just the right balance, and there's a pleasant creaminess to the wine's texture. Drink it over the next six months.
This is a smooth, ripe and fruity wine. It has a touch of tannin, although the red fruits and rich texture make it easily drinkable even when young. The Merlot smoothes the Tannat, giving a round texture at the end.
Lean and almost weedy. The ripeness is in question from the start. In the mouth, it pulses with awkward, green, plum flavors in front of a nondescript, narrow finish. Picks up some steam with time but fails to get over the hump.
One-dimensional and soft, but silky and clean, with candied flavors of cherries, raspberries, vanilla and smoke. Drink now.
Soft and rich, this warm, rounded wine has concentrated fruitiness along with a more tense mineral structure. Its pink grapefruit, ripe melon and zesty lemon flavors combine to give a wine that is only just setting out. Drink from 2018.
Herbaceous, lemony and a touch green, this brisk light-bodied wine is made from Elbling, one of the Mosel's little-known other grapes. Dry on the palate, it's moderately concentrated with flavors of freshly-pressed apples and pear.
This is one of those wines that doesn't try to be anything except an easy drinker. Made from Zinfandel and Syrah, it's filled with ripe, sunny California flavors of raspberries and cherries, and will pair well with everyday foods like pizza and hamburgers.
Youthful raspberry and strawberry aromas bring a little cotton candy as well, while the palate is round, a touch soft and shows bouncy berry and citrus flavors. Solid and tastes just about right, but a bit cloying toward the end.
Mitch Cosentino used stainless steel fermentation to preserve the brilliant peach nectar fruit of this vin doux (sweet wine), then aged it in French oak to add a creamy mouthfeel. It's sweet and rich and delicious and shows another face of Viognier. —S.H.
Maderized in color, this wine has a yeasty, creamy nose with baked white-fruit aromas and caramel. It's OK in feel, with pickled, mildly briny flavors of apple and apricot. The finish is showing some oxidization, leading to a chunky, fleshy feel.
Can Washington Mourvèdre really be this good? From the Far Away Vineyard (previously named for owner Art den Hoed) it sure can. Sappy and fresh, this lively wine features ripe red fruits, sharp acids and smooth tannins, with toasted walnuts and caramel streaking through the finish. It shows excellent concentration and length.
Aromas of coffee, balsamic vinegar and cedar, but not much fruit, send this wine on its way. Flavors of plum and cherry are standard but clean, while the finish is fruity and offers hints of licorice. A touch sharp but likable.
This is deliciously hedonistic in the best traditions of Volnay, opulent and powered with flavors of blackberry jelly, dry tannins and perfumed violets. This is a big, ripe, solid wine whose perfumes give an enticing exotic aftertaste.
Shows everything that's noble about Oakville, from the wonderful, dusty tannins to the dryness and overall balance. Lovely, with flavors of blackberries, black currants and cedar. Could have more depth, though.
Nutty and toasty on the nose, this blend of Mourvèdre, Syrah and Petit Syrah is medium to full bodied, and it offers a dark raspberry flavor, plus firm tannins and supporting acids.
A soft, voluptuous quality immediately identifies this wine as pedigreed and delicious. The tannins are evident in the astringency, but they're so finely ground that you could drink this wine now. Made mostly from Cabernet Sauvignon, it has a drop of Syrah, giving it rich, elaborate flavors of black currant, bacon and sweet cedar. The alcohol level is high, giving the wine some heat on the finish. Drink now–2019.
No longer a second wine of Ducru-Beaucaillou, but a wine from its own separate vineyard, Croix de Beaucaillou is impressive. Firm while also rich, it is firmly tannic, superripe and packed with great dark plum and berry fruits. Fruit and structure well balanced together.
Rhubarb, cola and pencil shavings emerge from the glass on this appellation blend from the longtime Santa Rosa Road winery, today owned by the Terlato family. Deeply earthy aromas of beet juice, root beer and dried berries arise on the palate, showing the region's typical blend of soil minerality and dark fruit.
There can't be too many 2001 Merlots waiting to be released, and St. Jean must have waited to let the tannins soften. They have. Still a bit hard, the wine drinks beautifully now, with lush cherry, cocoa, spice and lavender flavors. The oak is 100% new French, and it works. Drink with the best steak you can find.
A subdued nose of crushed oak leaf whispers with the slightest hint of red berry. The palate is oak-spiced and gentle: think tart red plum with cinnamon. This is fresh and light bodied for a red, but has ample charm.
Three things characterize this wine: exceptionally intense blackberry and currant flavors, thick, hard tannins and a bone dry finish. It's big and firm with a lot of promise, so do try to cellar it for at least six years, but people who like their wines young could try it sooner.
This shows the soft, juicy side of Malbec. No serious tannins here, just red berry fruit and fine acidity. That means it's ready to drink this winter.
Very rich and jammy, this full-bodied wine grown at 2,500 feet has spicy oak aromas, lavishly ripe blackberry and dried cherry flavors and a mouth-coating texture. Its vanilla, nutmeg and toasted bread aromas meld nicely with all the fruit notes for a complex, showy, wine.
With its delicate aromas of flowers, fresh greens and a hint of mint, you might expect this to be a light, delicate wine. But it's broad and rather sweet, marked by flavors of ripe apples and vanilla. It comes across a bit soft on the finish, but luscious.
The best of Escarpment's latest bevy of single-vineyard releases, Kupe (ku-pay) is from the close-planted vineyard nearest the winery on Te Muna Road. It's floral upfront, loaded with raspberry and blueberry fruit and amazingly supple despite using 70% whole clusters and 50% new oak. Drink 2016–2025.
This white starts by presenting aromas of orchard fruit, pressed yellow flower and toasted almond. The bright palate offers white peach and crisp pear alongside the bracing acidity that characterizes this vintage.
There is something ethereal and beyond words about this wine, a full-bodied but never intrusive expression of spicy cinnamon, black pepper and wild pine that makes it a puzzle worth trying to solve. Fruit plays a part, though softly, eking out shadows of raspberry and just-picked strawberry atop smooth, silky tannins and a measured, seductive body. The finish recalls a clove cigarette enjoyed in the rain.
A fresh wine that's ready to drink now with bright notes of red cherry and currant. Juicy and easy on the palate, with a finish that offers the slightest hint of mocha richness.
A thin, soft, slightly sweet wine, with indistinct citrus and peach flavors. Not much going on, but it's clean and drinkable.
A crisp, clean, fruity and attractive lemony wine has just the right tangy character. It also has some softness and sweetness in its fruitiness that makes it a good apéritif. Screwcap.
A soft and fruity wine, with raspberry and caramel flavors. It is attractively lightened by acidity and give a soft, off-dry aftertaste.
Fairly earthy and stewy, but not too baked to suffer. The palate is expectedly chunky and meaty, with full-weight dark fruits and some rooty depth. Fairly easygoing and likable, but a tad muddled.
Spice, berry, earth, leather, tobacco and blue flower aromas lead the nose of this elegant wine. The ripe, round palate delivers fleshy black cherry and raspberry, accented by white pepper and cinnamon and framed by polished tannins. Drink 2015–2019.
With a black color and deep, resiny aromas of licorice, baking spices and black fruits, this is a big, Tempranillo with plenty of size and tannic bite. Flavors of earthy, oaky, loamy plum and blackberry finish with licorice, spice and baked notes. Drink through 2018.
Flinty and sweaty upfront, with even a hint of onion or garlic. Once past that, things smooth out, with a light to medium weight on the palate and some pleasant melon and citrus notes that linger on the finish.
Hard oak on the nose creates a pinched, chemical sensation. Give this time and that goes away, leaving minerally apple and peach aromas. In the mouth, this is firm and intense, with peppery flavors, Sherry notes and almondy accents. A bitter finish with nut skins and dryness registers as complex.
The alcohol is refreshingly low on this wine, making it delicate in the mouth. It's also full of lemon, peach and vanilla flavors. Easy to drink with hors d'oeuvres.
Pretty fragrances of violet, rose and woodland berry lead the bouquet of this wine, with a faint hint of pine forest in the back. The palate shows ripe marasca cherry as well as sweet-and-sour notes of pickled bell pepper, chocolate and oak.
There's a lovely white fruit creaminess to this Sauvignon Blanc which rounds out its light, fresh tropical fruit and citrus character. Refreshing and offers a long finish.
Another screwcapped Merrill wine that was once part of its Owen Estate label. This Shiraz (35%), Grenache (35%), Mourvedre (30%) offers plum and oak flavors, the latter of the fresh-cut pine sort. Still, the wine is forward, lively and a good value, and sports a flourish of black cherry on the end.
An impressively structured wine, the dense and dusty tannins in fine balance with the big berry fruits. Freshness is preserved by the acidity, the wine's firm character opening up to a delicious, more juicy finish.
This wine has aromas of black cherry, vanilla and a touch of graphite. In the mouth there are flavors of cranberry, black cherry and pomegranate. It is well balanced, with rounded tannins and a persistent finish.
A perky little white wine, dry as dust, with lemon and lime flavors that are boosted by bright acidity. Spreads over the palate with a tart pepperiness, an ideal food wine. It's also a good value.
This is a Merlot-Cabernet blend of great intensity and vertical delivery that doles out attractive notes of tobacco, toast, molasses, graphite and pretty herbal shadings. It has big, plump cherry and earthy tones at its core and is ready to drink now.
A little simple, but likeable for its complex array of berry-cherry fruit with leather, balsamic, coffee and mushroom nuances. Would benefit from a better structure, as it's on the soft side. Mainly Syrah, with Petite Sirah and Viognier.
Light and bone-dry, this is crisp, tight and full of lemon and green apple flavors. It's fruity, textured and ready to drink.
Gritty rubbery aromas are low on fruit and suggestive of tire rubber. A choppy palate shows lean peppery spicy plum flavors, while this tastes herbal and slightly tomatoey on the finish, sort of like pizza.
A distinguished, opulent Chardonnay that's a real testimony to the art of blending. Offers waves of orange custard, sweet pineapple tart, crème brûlée, buttered toast and cinnamon spice flavors, brightened with zesty acidity. Easy to find, with more than 38,000 cases produced.
Lightly charred cherries and plums take on additional oak tones of cocoa powder and espresso. The palate is fresher in character, boasting juicy red plum around a tight core of dusted minerals. Medium bodied and supported by grippy, sandy tannins, a shading of dark chocolate lingers on the finish of this well-balanced offering.
Willi Haag's 2007 spätlese from the Juffer boasts a high-class mélange of petrol and slate, flowers and citrus. It's medium in body, with surprisingly restrained fruit on the palate, finishing with just a touch of phenolic bitterness.
Musky notes of dried sage and white flower are followed by aromas of white peach and almond skin. There's a touch of white pepper on the close that gives the wine extra lift and intensity. The wine ends with a delicate touch of peach sweetness.
A rich, soft, oaky Cabernet, forward and appealing in blackberry and cherry jam, cassis, mocha and olive flavors. Shows the class and distinction of the vineyard sources in Napa and Sonoma.
Bonterra's wines are always so crisp in acidity and so clean. Maybe that's because of their intense organic and biodynamic practices. This Viognier has the variety's exotic wildflower and fruit flair, but is grounded with a mineral chalk and gunmetal taste.
Freshness, spritz and a lemony citrus focus are the attractive main features here, making for poised refreshment.
This is a lovely, supple 100% Rutherford Cabernet, made in a controlled style.  It's stylish, with great flavors and class.  The oak is plush.  Balance and harmony characterize it all the way, from the brilliant aromas to the clean, thoroughbred aftertaste.
Designed as a party Champagne with its soft, lightly sweet character, Nocturne is well balanced. Just enough acidity contrasts with the ripe fruit and delicate texture. The wine is ready to drink.
Tranche is exploring lesser-known (for Walla Walla) grapes such as this Tempranillo, producing wines with structure and depth. Blueberry fruit and a big wash of roasted coffee ground flavors are here, with dry, firm tannins. The length is impressive.
Cherry liqueur, dark chocolate, espresso and blackberry preserves open the nose of this hearty selection. The finish is sweet and soft, with loads of chocolate fudge.
Herbal aromas of tomato share the nose with spice, carob and berry notes. This has a clipped, tannic mouthfeel and gritty, spicy, oaky flavors of black fruits and herbs. The finish tastes green and minty, while the feel is chalky prior to evaporating.
This is a bright, spicy bowl of red fruits, with penetrating flavors and buoyant acidity. It's clean and sharply etched, with a strong tannic base. Such a young wine should improve over the next couple of years; drink up by 2021.
This is a soft wine with its creamy fruits assimilated into the tangy texture. There is plenty of acidity to give this wine its cool character as well as its citrus and green-apple flavors. Drink now.
Floral aromas of jasmine and hawthorne take center stage. The palate offers mature Bartlett pear, juicy exotic fruit and sage alongside notes of candied ginger and bitter almond.
At a full 91% of the blend, this could be labeled as Cabernet Sauvignon, with Cabernet Franc rounding it out. It's shut down aromatically at present with assorted dried herbs poking through. The palate brings highly structured fruit flavors, with vibrant acidity tying it all together. Decant for a day if drinking in the near term; it will be best after 2022.
Aged in bottle for a bit, this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and other Bordeaux red grapes is integrated and approachable, persistent in the requisite cassis, cinnamon and clove.
Packed with fruit and tannins in almost equal measure, this robust but not heavy wine has a layered texture, bright flavors and a sense of depth and structure that indicate it will improve with time. It offers plenty of red cherry and raspberry flavors, and flashes of smoky oak that are well interlaced. Best after 2019.
This luminous Satèn expression from Franciacorta offers extreme elegance and sophistication with loads of mature fruit and toasted baguette aromas. Its texture is incredibly smooth, soft and creamy.
This wine recreates the medieval technique used to cook the fermenting must to make it more stable. In this case, it also produces a wine that is almost black in color, dark in appearance and in flavor. There is also some elegance here, with fine tannins that are well integrated into the juicy black fruits and ripe character. It's a wine to age, although it is juicy enough to drink now. Best, though, from 2018.
An elegant and polished expression of Barbera from a vintage that seems to have yielded many overripe wines. That's not the case here. The secret is the wine's successful balance of fruit, acidity and overall extraction, which is neither too heavy or thin.
Here's a great value for a Sierra Foothills Zin, where you get some real mountain character. The sturdy tannins buck up wild berry flavors laced with coffee and herbs, and while the wine is bone dry, it finishes with ripe sweetness.
Simple and straightforward, this fruity wine offers lemon/lime fruit and moderate acidity. Fine for everyday consumption, best chilled.
From the Marne Valley, close to Epernay, this Champagne has had some good bottle aging. That has softened and broadened the crisp texture and minerality of this Chardonnay-based wine. It is full, rich and creamy, finishing with a fine burst of acidity.
Ripe lime aromas and a full richly fruity palate give a rounded character to this wine. Apricot juice and tangerine brighten up the palate, fitting well with the wood and fruit structure. Keep for another few months for the whole wine to fill out even more.
Here's a well concentrated Barbera d'Asti with a deep shade of ruby and garnet and vibrant aromas of cola, teabag and fresh forest fruit. The mouthfeel is both drying and crisp at the same time.
From Mia Klein, this is a seriously good Cabernet Sauvignon, even better than the winery's fine 2004. It shows a great balance of ripe tannins and fine acidity, with a judicious application of smoky oak. The flavors, of black currants and ripe mashed black cherries, have complex overtones of dark chocolate, olive tapenade and mushu plum sauce. Gorgeous now, and should age effortlessly for a decade.
Neutral on the nose except for a spot of peach and citrus. The palate is soft and chunky, with generic citrus flavors that suggest passion fruit and grapefruit. Turns a little mealy on the finish, so drink ASAP.
Aromas are drawn and mildly green in nature. In the mouth, this is soft and stewy, with as much green herb and mint as berry fruit and richness. On the finish, this feels syrupy but tastes a bit like salad, with candied sweetness thrown in.
Aromas of dark berry, tilled soil, underbrush and espresso lead the nose while the taut palate offers sour cherry, sage, white pepper and star anise. It's still tightly wound and nervous, with bracing tannins. Drink 2019–2029.
Here's an easy and bright Montepulciano with sharp aromas of white cherry, forest floor and crushed mineral. It would wash down with a heaping plate of pasta.
Short and slightly sweet, there's nutty overtones, a creamy texture and good acidity but a buttery note overwhelms the fruit. Drink up.
You might want to stash this Syrah away for a year or so to let it mellow. Right out of the bottle, it's tannic and fresh in red berry and stone fruit jam. Cool-climate complexities of pepper and grilled bacon enhance the pleasure.
Briny, pickled aromas come with hints of citrus and flower blossom. This fast-aging Albariño is melony in feel, but it lacks the variety's patented kick and acidity. As a result, peach and apricot flavors are fleshy and chunky.
An incongruous mix of plastic, olive, oak and green berry aromas sets up an abrasive palate. This is strange at all checkpoints, with heavily oaked, leathery flavors of herbal berry fruits. A fiery finish that runs heavy on green notes is the close.
This 100% varietal wine makes the case for Viognier in this appellation, expressing Golden Delicious apple and pear around a fresh, medium build of viscous texture, lemon and wild honey. Pretty and aromatic, it's a classically fine-formed white, made in small quantities.
This shows both the fruit of the vintage and a more structured tannic side. Black currant flavors are up front, offering a generous feeling. They are balanced by the backdrop of tannins and tight acidity. Together they make a wine that is concentrated and likely to be ready to drink soon. Drink from 2016.
This spicy, powerful Zinfandel has 10% of Petite Sirah blended in, which adds depth, richness and tannins. You can call the resulting wine rustic, in the sense of its wild berry and spice flavors and briary, brambly mouthfeel. But it's also classic Dry Creek Valley. Drink over the next few years with barbecue, or try a Mexican-inspired beef dish.
Cloudy in color, with tart rhubarb aromas. The palate shows some acidity and tang, with pink grapefruit flavors offering a shrill kick. But overall the wine has seen better days and has become limited in scope at this point.
Tight acidity dominates this top cuvée from Blin, and between that and its strong citrus character, it needs time to breathe before drinking. Then it fills out with delicious, refreshing acidity, followed by a crisp finish.
Strong and ripe with Zinny flavor— intense wild berry and cherry fruit as well as a briary, brambly mouthfeel. High alcohol gives it a glycerine richness.
Appealing aromas of acacia flower, Alpine herb and citrus follow over to the refined palate along with yellow apple, Bartlett pear and lemon zest. Crisp acidity brightens the creamy flavors.
A bit over the top, thickly layered with dried apricots, honey and dried spices. This is one rich, sweet BA, with surprisingly apparent alcohol (9.5%). It finishes a bit low in acid, making it impressive but not classic. Imported by Chapin Cellars, LLC.
Cheval des Andes brings together Cheval Blanc from St.-Emilion with Terrazas de los Andes, and for the past few years it has been the leader in Bordeaux-style wines from Argentina. The 2004 shows serious barrel notes framing classic aromas of aged gouda, saddle leather, mushroom and concentrated berries. The palate is structured, mildly tannic and layered with blackberry, cassis, raisin and licorice flavors. It's good now or will age nicely for another four to six years.
A darkly tannic wine, with licorice and espresso coffee flavors as well as intense blackberry fruits. It is firm, the wood aging showing through strongly at this stage. Keep for 3–4 years so that the alcohol burn can blow off.
Nice and peppery, with deep, impressive blackberry and plum, bacon and sandalwood flavors. It's a full-bodied wine with lots of power and elegance. Drink now.
Touches of sweet berry and blossom lend flair to this vivaciously fresh, fruity Riesling full of fresh apple, pear and lemon flavors. Sweet-tart honey and lemon brighten the midpalate. The finish is brisk but clean. Drink now through 2017.
A very sweet wine, this is just the thing most Muscat lovers will love. It's delicious in orange jam, tropical fruit and vanilla bean flavors. The acidity surfaces just in time, preventing the sweetness from seeming cloying.
Wild berry, black cooking spice and a whiff of Mediterranean brush come together on this soft, straightforward red. The medium-bodied, concentrated palate offers ripe blackberry, raspberry jam and a note of anise alongside round, compacted tannins.
There's a savory, earthy element to this oak-aged wine, with bright tones of wild berry, cola, balsam and rosemary oil.
A ripe but still crisp wine, pushing towards yellow fruits and hints of mango, but still keeping a pink grapefruit and apple skin acidity. It has a fresh texture, lifted easily by the freshest highlights.
A heavier, fuller more complex style of Sauvignon, reflected in the high price tag. The nose offers ripe pineapple, passion fruit and touches of green bean and canned peas. In the mouth, there's more of that varietal, green character resulting in fresh lettuce flavors to complement more standard tropical fruit. Drink as soon as possible; it's not getting any fresher or more interesting.
This is an irresistibly tasty wine, bursting with lovely berry and cherry fruits, soaked in deliciously decadent chocolaty barrel flavors. But it's not that simple. Propped up with sufficient acidity, ripe tannins and a slight tilt toward earthy underpinnings, it offers compelling length and complexity also. Drink now through 2022.
This gently pink rosé is soft, ripe and fruity. It has a full spicy character that gives a dry edge to the bright red fruits. Balanced with plenty of acidity, the wine is ready to drink.
Lovely soft, easy fruit, show up the fresh, fragrant style of Condrieu, despite coming from the hot 2003 vintage. Spice and wood show through the flavors of apricots and honey, leaving a smooth, oily texture to finish. This would be great with Asian food.
An intriguing, eye-opening blend of Grenache and Pinot Noir, this shows stewed strawberry, black cardamon, clove and wet slate on the nose. Flavors of deeply ripe strawberries mesh with black pepper, soy, potpourri and dried purple flowers on the juicy but tight palate.
Meaty and full of black-fruit aromas. Offers clearly definable Syrah flavor, but there's not much depth to the chunky fruit. Best from a carafe at your favorite bistro.
Smoky, savory and plummy, this wine boasts ample weight and a plush, creamy texture. This rich, concentrated wine finishes with great length and silky tannins.
This is firm, with an almost-burnt toast flavor. It is packed with fruit and dominating woody tannins, so give it at least two years to soften.
Coming from the plateau above the river Douro, this wine has a cool edge with plenty of acidity. At the same time it is ripe with spice from 12 months of wood aging and full of black-currant fruitiness. Drink this wine now.
Apple and citrus aromas are standard, while the palate of the same fruits plus some almond is decent even if it fails to stun. Finishes with clean flavors and moderate length. Watery but acceptable.
This is an interesting medium-bodied wine from one of the oldest and largest wineries in the foothills. It is not heavy or rich, but has an appetizing dry flavor and firm texture. It will pair well with food since it has good balance.
Layered aromas of cassis, berry, coffee and mocha come with regional Cafayate green notes. The palate is lively and offers ribald acidity along with red plum, berry, vanilla, spice and toast flavors. Turns more oaky the longer it's open, with vanilla and dill on the finish.
Only recently identified, the Jampal is a rare and ancient local grape from the western Lisboa area, close to the ocean. It produces a crisp, tight and mineral-textured wine. This example is fresh, lively and bright with sliced apple and lime flavors and a fruity aftertaste. It is ready to drink.
A little tough and gritty around the edges, a rustic wine rich in extracted cherry and blackberry jam flavors. Plenty of strong tannins and zippy acidity too. Feels unresolved, and the question is whether cellaring will result in improvement. Try after 2012.
Nice Zin, balanced and dry, with an easy, sillky mouth feel. Shows upfront spice, berry, cherry and coffee flavors. Notable for its harmony.
A rich, bready nose smells of fresh-baked croissants. Flavors of tropical fruit and peach are slightly bitter and carry a saline note, while the finish ends taut and dry. Drink through 2020.
Tobacco, balsam wood and vanilla aromas accent soft cassis and blackberry tones. In the mouth, this warm-vintage Cabernet is chewy and full. Cassis, blackberry, fresh tomato and spice flavors settle on a rich, brusque finish that's powerful yet enjoyable. Enjoy the bold fruit expression of this wine now.
Pàtrimo, a pure expression of Merlot from southern Italy, is always a crowd pleaser, but this year's edition is a tad more ripe and jammy than past vintages: 2005 was indeed a hot year. Intense aromas of black cherry and blackberry pie emerge from the nose and the wine's finish is accented by a surprise signature of tart acidity.
Fresh and fruity, featuring pear and melon accented by floral notes. Finishes with hints of pineapple and grapefruit. Lightweight and refreshing.
You can criticize this as being too full-bodied for a Pinot Noir. Some will find it Grenache-like, with its lush, jammy flavors of cherries, raspberries and oak. But what can't be denied is how delicious it is. The fruitiness, acidity and tannins suggest pairing with charbroiled lamb chops or steak. Drink now–2020.
This is a soft, earthy wine, with dried herb and currant flavors. It comes down on the subtle side, with a bit of oak influence adding richness to the wine's otherwise dry texture. Drink soon.
This single-vineyard wine from Dogliani, the spiritual home of Dolcetto, is made with wild yeasts. It's fragrant and structured, concluding with restrained wild-cherry, spice and mineral notes that come together with flair and finesse.
A touch of lemon balm adds a breezy freshness to the nose, while a pure, bright and precise notion of ripe lemon pervades and takes over the entire palate. On its fringes, delicious hints of chamomile and chervil appear alongside ripe red apple. This is a tantalizing charmer in spite of its absolute dryness and vivid acidity. Drink 2017–2037.
A blend of half Viognier, plus Roussanne and Pinot Gris, this workman-like white wine is firm and tart. A mix of yellow fruit and plenty of fresh acidity make it a versatile pick for a variety of white meats and pastas.
Made entirely with Viognier, this has delicate aromas of white grapefruit and orchard fruit, while the straightforward palate delivers apricot and citrus. Enjoy soon.
Nothing wrong with this under-$10 Cab, and in truth it's really quite good and drinkable. Black cherry, cola and other common aromas lead to cassis, blackberry and other standard flavors. With good tannins and structure, this is your quintessential value-priced Cabernet from Chile.
This is a very interesting wine from Sardinia (made with the native Carignano grape) that exhibits perfumed aromas of black fruit, cola, smoked meat and Asian spice that all fall nicely into place. The wine shows medium density on the palate but does a nice job of presenting its elegant fruit tones.
Light-raspberry in color, this rosé is very pretty, with lilting acidity and pleasing flavors of watermelon and strawberry all in an inviting little package.
Almost impenetrably dark, this juicy Syrah includes 25% Cabernet Sauvignon. The Red Mountain fruit brings a blast of boysenberry and black cherry fruit, heightened with citrusy acidity. It's an expression of pure fruit power, with barrel notes of black coffee and tannins that taste of wet rock. This is a wine that should have a good decade of life ahead.
The producer's proprietary blend of 89% Sauvignon Blanc, 10% Chardonnay and 1% Muscat, this wine is fresh and fiery, bright on the palate in apple, Asian pear and jicama, with a dusting of dried herb and ginger as it goes down.
Unbalanced, with a Porty, raisiny aroma and tannins that are so astringent, they make your palate pucker. There are sweet currant flavors, but it's not an ager.
Delicate and luminous, this floral Prosecco delivers pristine aromas of honeysuckle, apricot and lemon blossom. Pair this sparkling wine with onion and leek quiche.
Not disappointing given the price. There's some toast and tropical fruit on the nose, and then pineapple and mango flavors. The acidity runs a bit sharp, but overall this is a reasonable, warm-climate, tropical Chard for the money.
One might think that a seven-year-old crianza would be fading, but this one isn't. Sure, it's ready to drink now, and cellaring is unnecessary, but the fruit is pure and exciting. The cherry and raspberry character is exact and lively, while the feel is lean and easy. On the finish, which isn't huge, you get a nice reflection of the wine amid some healthy tannins and acids. Almost certainly good with food.
Light and fresh with soft tannins, this is an attractive, ready-to-drink wine. It has layers of acidity over red fruits.
Honey and wood aromas lead to a rich, generally rounded wine. Having aged in wood, the white fruits are full, soft and ripe. It's not all immediate pleasure; the wine has a more complex undertow of structure, sweet malolactic character and complex acidity on the finish.
Hallmark flavors of peach, pear, citrus and spice lead this Chardonnay from Ktima. Balanced and subdued, its white fruit, floral and citrus flavors will pair well with dishes that need a lighter, easygoing touch.
A small part of Château Peyrabon (Haut-Médoc) is in the Pauillac appellation and is vinified and bottled separately. The wine delivers great fruit and equal richness. It is spice, packed with black plum and berry flavors. It is a powerful dense wine to age for several years. Drink from 2023.
Produced from vines a half century old, this is fermented completely dry yet retains a distinct floral/talc character. Although Alsatian in style it, exudes a bit of extra fruit flesh, as one would expect of Oregon. It's a lovely wine, with rose petal scents and light peach flavors.
This expression of Dolcetto is packed tight with loads of bright berry and black fruit aromas, but also has a polished mineral vein at the core. This is a lively, cheerful wine with good intensity, sour cherry flavors and firm tannins. Drink now.
The Wallula vineyard, set high atop a bluff overlooking the Columbia river, gives grapes that bring dark, roasted flavors to the large-scale wine. The fruit tastes as if it has been pushed, perhaps a bit too far, and the impression it leaves tilts toward the raisiny side. It's a wine that could go in a positive direction with cellar time, but it is impossible to tell right now, as it cuts off quickly once in the mouth.
Absolutely delicious, first-rate Chard from this veteran producer. Shows the prettiest balance of all its parts, and just about as good as California Chard gets. Ripely opulent in tropical fruit, apricot and tangerine flavors and crisp in limey acids, the wine's 50% new oak adds luscious notes of buttercream, toast, smoke and vanilla.
This is the best value of the winery's spring lineup of seven 2012 Pinot Noirs. It's dry, delicate, modest in alcohol, tart and complex. Waves of raspberries and cherries, mushrooms, red currants, Dr. Pepper cola and exotic spices wash across the palate, delicious and flashy. It's ready to drink now.
Starts with a burst of fresh, clean lemon aroma, and turns zesty and bright in the mouth, offering waves of Meyer lemon and golden mango. A superior Chardonnay at a good price.
Made from vines planted in 1948, this brawny wine opens with aromas of toasted oak, espresso, black plum, violet and a whiff of leather. The palate offers coffee, chocolate, sage, toast and a hint of black cherry alongside drying wood tannins.
Black-skinned berry, tilled soil and baking spice aromas lead the way in this wine. Made from very old vines, it delivers blackberry, star anise and clove flavors alongside round tannins and fresh acidity. Enjoy through 2021.
Lush and generous, this is textbook Condrieu from the appellation's largest producer. Subtle ginger notes add an exotic edge to the ripe apricot, mango and lychee flavors, then persist on the long finish. Drink now–2018.
This is a very pale rosé from a relatively high elevation site, so it shows ample crispness and elegance. Delicate aromas of herbs and citrus lead into flavors of peach and lime, with a bit of wet stone on the long, refreshing finish. This is well balanced and long, not a simple fruity rosé.
Fairly stemmy Rioja, with mildly harsh rhubarb and charred red-fruit aromas. Far more tart and narrow than expected, with a reedy burnt-berry flavor profile along with stemmy snap throughout. Given all the great Riojas out there, this one comes up short.
Another big, dense expression of the vintage, this has a softness to the tannins that makes it accessible, though the wine will benefit from time in the cellar, through 2017. Cinnamon and clove intermingle with black cherry and currant, finishing in a hint of tobacco.
A wine initially dominated by wood, but opens to show ripe, black fruits, flavors of herbs and firm, dry tannins. From an 88-acre vineyard in the west of Listrac, this is a finely structured wine, which will certainly age well. Imported by Heidelberg Distribution.
A fine, totally sweet-fruited burst of Merlot that brings together fine structure with the beginnings of mature texture. There is a layer of vanilla, a warmly polished feel with glowing berries and sweet spice. Delicious and certainly ready to drink.
Almondy and smoky on the nose, which is a textbook combo for this variety. The wine was 50% barrel-fermented, but it's not a woody, toasty product. Instead, it's focused and fruity, with a pretty mix of tropical flavors, banana and melon. Decidedly not bitter, with honey and light notes of vanilla on the finish.
This blend of 60% Grenache and 40% Syrah offers restrained fruit and medium body. Struck flint marks the nose, while the palate is slightly ungenerous, dominated by underripe stone fruit flavors. The finish is clean and dry.
Some vines at Bouscassé are 150 years old, which inevitably give this wine great depth and concentration. It is hugely structured, with very rich, intense black-plum flavors. The tannins are still developing.
A bigger, bolder style with rich toasted notes of almond, vanilla and stone fruit. Very clear, with a lean, fresh mouthfeel yet those strong toasted notes might not appeal to everyone. Imported by Panebianco.
Five Bordeaux grape varieties are included in this blend; the majority (55%) is Cabernet Sauvignon. Released at five years of age, it is drinking quite well, though not yet fully mature. The bottle time has served to round off the tannins, which frame a dense, well-defined core of cassis, coffee grounds and minerals.
Those who think they prefer anything but Chardonnay may be convinced otherwise with this wine. It is so powerfully evocative in crisply rendered Meyer lemon and tangerine notes, with aromas of fresh white flowers teasing provocatively on the nose. Seamless and seductively bright in acidity, it glides down the palate, hinting at a richness that never becomes overdone.
This wine is principally Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Cabernet Franc along with bits of Malbec, Grenache and Merlot. Aromas of green garden herbs and earthy funk are followed by soft, elegant earth and dark fruit flavors that bring appeal and intrigue.
This Tuscan Chardonnay is executed in a modern, New World style with ample oak-driven flavors and rich density and texture to match. However, the wine remains focused on complexity and elegance. It would make an ideal match to Indian butter chicken or creamy oven-roasted potatoes.
Inky and narrow on the nose, with jammy red fruit aromas. Has a downward momentum in the mouth, so the body collapses as it delivers stationary, sweet berry flavors. Packs power and weight but doesn't exceed the basics.
With ripe fruits, this generous wine also has a great line of acidity. A touch of vanilla gives extra richness. At the same time, the balance with the fresh lemon flavors and ripe peaches is just right. Drink now.
Smells and tastes a bit funky, with a sweaty note to the buttered toast, grilled pineapple and cinnamon flavors. Feels kind of soft and flabby. Decant before serving.
A big and meaty Syrah that separates itself from the competition via inviting aromas of blackberry and lemon peel. It's even better in the mouth, where dark, smoky, generous black-fruit flavors rule. Finishes classy, with coffee, chocolate and fig notes. Robust and rewarding Syrah from Chile.
Sun-drenched tones of warm earth and ripe berry fruit emerge on the nose of this plush Sicilian red. You'll also get drying mineral tones and a compact but fresh mouthfeel.
Aromas of smoke, charred earth, dark spice and black-skinned berry lift out of the glass. The concentrated firmly structured palate offers dried black cherry, blackberry extract, ground pepper and a hint of tobacco framed in fine-grained tannins. Drink 2019–2029.
This cheerful wine starts with a bright cherry and vanilla nose, followed by flavors of raspberry, strawberry, vanilla and smoke. Integrated and easy-drinking, it's a good go-to wine for everything from pizza to a more serious steak entrée.
A blend of Inzolia, Catarratto and Grillo, this opens with delicate aromas of Spanish broom and citrus. The vibrant, easy-drinking palate offers nectarine, lime and a saline note alongside zesty acidity for a refreshing finish.
This wine is about as raisiny as it gets while still holding onto a sense of balance. Aromas of stewed berry fruits, prune and carob lead to a grabby, lemony tasting palate with raisin, vanilla and sweet tobacco on the finish.
Herbal aromas of olive and eucalyptus are stronger than the wine's briary berry scents. Herbal berry flavors are savory and feature a lot of olive, while a roasted meat note is the closing act.
Unlike the regular Green Point Shiraz, this is sourced entirely from within the Yarra Valley, yielding a peppery, raspberry-scented wine with soft tannins and a creamy texture that still shows crisp acids and plenty of spice on the finish. Drink now–2012.
Technically sound, and some consumers will enjoy its blatantly sweaty, pungent aromas, but these same scents seem at odds with the slightly sweet flavors and chalky finish. Imported by Stevenot Winery.
This estate-grown offering was a standout among several dozen tasted for a feature story. It's loaded with bright fruit flavors of grapefruit and pear, and even in the warm 2012 vintage, it maintains the grape's signature minerality, while moving gracefully into a detailed, focused finish.
This brawny wine leads with aromas of blue flower, red berry, spice and a whiff of wet soil. The palate offers succulent wild cherry layered with notes of sweet vanilla, mint, espresso and thyme alongside rather angular tannins and evident alcohol.
A bouquet of bright cherries, herbs and cocoa opens this solid wine. The palate is big, with a creamy texture; tart cherry, tobacco and toast flavors prevail. Tempered tannins and lots of oak flavors show through on the dry finish. Attractive, and should improve over next year or two.
It's appropriate that this wine is served at the Crazy Horse saloon in Paris. Made from a selection of old vines, La Horse is in the modern, polished idiom, a super-ripe wine, very concentrated, packed with blackberry jelly and bitter chocolate flavors. Give it 3–4 years, but its considerable power and intensity is already there.
Sensationally clean on the nose, with freshwater stream minerality mixed with pure peach and pear. Not much to find issue with here; the grapefruit and tangerine flavors are nice, the mouthfeel is textured yet upright, and the finish is zippy and plenty long. Imported by The Colonial Wine Company Pty Ltd.
Big and over the top, with chunky, bland aromas of baked apples and overripe citrus. The palate is full, thickly textured and dull, with chunky, generic citrus and apple flavors. Finishes mealy.
This is appropriately light to medium in body, with a tart, crisp finish, but also shows some slightly Sherried aromas and tired fruit.
You don't look to Pinots from this vineyard for delicacy. You look for power, sheer butt-kicking audacity. And that's what you'll find in this '08 from Roar. It's almost Rhône-like in the dark color and full-bodied richness, with its chocolate and black cherry fruit. But that's Pisoni for you. Will age for the better part of a decade.
Ripe and rounded, this has rich acidity balanced by a touch of yellow fruit. Still young, it has a flinty character that will soften and fill out. Intense, pure and with great fruitiness, it will be best from 2017.
Blackberry and dark plum aromas are solid but not overly rich or oaky. In the mouth, this Tempranillo is juicy, flush and friendly in feel. Blackberry and plum flavors are big and loud, but also clean. Notes of licorice and herbs work their way onto a hard-driving finish.
Old vines (more than 45 years old) have produced this firm structured wine. It has dark tannins that give the wine concentration and a dense texture. Black-plum skin and blackberry fruit are shot through with acidity. The wine will be still better after some more aging, so drink from 2018.
The flagship wine from Bichot's Long-Depaquit estate is, as usual, impressive. It has richness, balance, full white fruits with just a hint of steeliness. Powered by a citrus acidity, it looks likely to age well over several years.
A fairly lean Pinot, this lacks voluptuousness, but it's dry and crisp, with fine cherry, cranberry, tobacco and pepper flavors. Give it some airing and drink now.
Solidly packed with ripe black cherry fruit, this well-crafted Syrah ramps up its complexity with a dusty coating of coffee grounds and clean earth. Fine tannins smooth it through a full-bodied finish.
This blend combines 70% Cabernet Sauvignon and 30% Syrah. Fat, juicy and tart, it's robust in oak and meaty leather, its tannin profile grippy and tight. A background note of dried herb and cedar add to the classic touch in style.
A soft, somewhat one-dimensional wine that doesn't possess the brightness or interest you expect in a Sonoma Coast Pinot Noir. That's despite some very rich cherry, licorice, cola and sandalwood flavors. Drink up.
This Cabernet is drinkable now, and showing soft red fruit with coffee-mocha notes on both the nose and the palate. Very juicy on the finish. Enjoy through 2008.
This shows green unripe notes that go beyond gooseberry. Still, it gets a pass for cleanness and dryness.
This multicounty blend is pleasantly oaked, with a creamy, caramelized veneer on top of the baked pineapple, apple crisp and cinnamon flavors. It's also tingly in acidity. Easy to find, with 20,000 cases produced.
With flavors of vanilla and caramel, this is rounded and full in the mouth. It passes up on a steely, edgy texture in favor of a warm and rich character. The result is a wine that is soft and needs to be drunk now.
Two thirds Grenache, the rest a mix of Tempranillo, Syrah and Counoise, this smooth and fruity red has a pleasing, lively mouthfeel. It carries a hint of moist, clean earth, and finishes with a lick of mocha.
Pineapple appears first on the nose and palate, followed by high-toned acidity and a back-up of lemon and lime. Medium bodied, the wine remains light and crisp throughout, finishing in a swirl of lemon zest and grapefruit pith.
Begins with lightly spiced aromas of dried red fruit, tomato leaf and herb. Feels smooth and thick, with chewiness and soft tannins. Flavors of strawberry, raspberry and plum come with creamy tasting oak and affiliated butter and vanilla. Stocky and rich on the finish.
A nice salmon color, this subtle kitchen-sink pink blend of 77% Grenache, 8% Mission, 4% Petite Sirah, 4% Syrah, 4% Zinfandel, 1% Cabernet Sauvignon, 1% Merlot and 1% Petit Verdot offers clove, raspberry and light plum on the nose. The palate offers more raspberry, a touch of bubblegum and a concrete-driven mineral tension that makes for excellent texture.
Aromas of wisteria, jasmine, orchard fruit and a whiff of mountain herbs lead the nose. The creamy palate offers yellow apple, white peach, sage and a note of candied lemon drop alongside a soft mousse and bright acidity.
Coming from the warmer Aube region, Laurent's Chardonnay offering is ripe and hinting at yellow fruits while also retaining a steely, mineral character. It is fresh, rich, well textured and ready to drink, crisp and bright at the end.
The opulence of this Chard comes at least as much from the buttered toast and caramel notes of oak, as it does from the underlying pineapple and tropical fruit flavors. It's a crowd pleaser. Drink now.
This is a fruity, perfumed wine with mint and new wood aromas that round out the black-fruit tannins. It's concentrated and rich with a great, juicy aftertaste, a powerful wine that will certainly age over 2–3 years.
Common and thin, a rustic wine marked by acidity and green flavors, with the barest suggestion of cherries. Not flawed, just rustic.
Some tasters will celebrate the elegance and finesse of this lightweight Pinot; time will be the ultimate judge. At the moment it is a bit out of balance; there is light cherry fruit, plenty of alcohol, some grainy, earthy tannins and overall a lack of integration. Maybe it just needs more time in the bottle; the components are good enough—tart cranberry and strawberry flavors, sharp acids, some minerality and an earthy underpinning. It just hasn't (yet) come together.
This pleasant, fruity wine has lemon-lime crispness. Hints of apricot flavor prove the Alvarinho grape is far from its northern Portuguese homeland. Drink now.
Very dry, packed with grapefruit juice flavors. At the same time, this is a tense, serious wine, with a great mineral presence, touch of toast and the potential to age in bottle. It is best with food.
This light-bodied sparkling wine features modest apple and citrus aromas and flavors but also a sense of earthiness. It doesn't seem quite as dry as some of its brethren, making it less zippy on the finish.
Aromas of road tar and gritty black fruits come around but remain earthy. A chunky, slightly heavy palate is home to spicy, peppery plum and tomato flavors. The finish is lasting, snappy and drawing due to firm tannins and red-fruit acidity. Drink through 2022.
A mineral, textured wine, peppery and tightly wrought with distinct acidity over the green fruits and vivid acidity. The wine is full, but powered by acidity to keep it crisp.
Light in color, Q is the winery's second vintage of a single-vineyard, single-clone expression of the variety. Concentrated in dark-cherry flavor, it's soft and silky on the palate, with an undercurrent of smoky oak and cedar.
Red-fruit aromas carry a distinct citric edge, while the palate is made up of sweet cassis and cherry flavors along with an incongruent orange essence. The feel is a bit hard and pedestrian, while the finish is quick and ordinary at best.
Quintessa's been on a roll the last several vintages, with the 2004 knocking it out of the park, but the '05 isn't quite in the same league. Hard to say why, except that production was higher than ever. The tannins leap out first, big and hard in the way of a young Cabernet, and immediate gratification is not what this wine is about. But it has impressive black currant flavors and needs time. Should be best after 2010. Tasted twice.
The vineyard is in Sebastopol, in the south of the Russian River Valley. Acidity in this wine is very high, almost prickly, while the fruit tends toward cola, rhubarb, just-ripe cherries, rosehip tea and beef bouillion. It seems like the grapes were picked fairly early to yield a more structured Pinot. Doesn't seem like an ager, but could surprise. The finish is succulent.
Pale in color, this crisp, light wine has attractive red berry fruits well integrated into the lively texture and bright acidity. The wine is balanced, fruity and ready to drink.
Scents of roasted nuts and apples gain levity on the palate with flavors of lemons and delicate white flowers. Richly textured, this has a slightly-viscous but refreshingly-fruity profile.
This squat-bottled offering shows a rich and dense stewed fruit, dried plum and raisin platform. The fruit's up front, with attractive nut and smoke accents showing as this opens up in the glass. Even in feel, not overly dense or heavy, and accessible now.
Brambly cherry fruit carries a generous amount of vanilla and clove highlights, along with a lightly smoky aroma of Earl Grey tea. Such details bring the wine to a deliciously satisfying finish.
Tastes a bit old for a Chard, with the fruit fading. It's still lively in acids, and has enough pear and apple flavors to satisfy. Finishes quick, and overall, it's not what it should be.
The black and red cherry, herb and licorice aromas are spot-on but the pillowy soft mouthfeel and tart, focused fruit flavors steal the show, showing elegance and intensity along with a lingering finish.
There is a hint of flinty reduction that still clings to the nose. Underneath that is shy crisp red-cherry fruit. The palate adds glimpses of lifted conifer aromas to that. There is lightness and a very fine structure, but also depth. This is very elegant and understated but all the more touching for that. The finish is totally refreshing and dry.
Some nice berry flavors, but the wine feels gritty and awkward in the mouth, with sharp tannins and acidity. The finish is tart, almost sour.
Made with organically farmed Aglianico grapes, this single-vineyard expression spends nine months in oak to shape a dark, austere and smoky wine. It's not terribly complex or layered, but it does offer upfront blackberry and spice aromas over firm texture.
This wine has some structure, with enough tannins to sustain the red-berry fruits. It's juicy, with stalky acidity and an attractive texture that will allow it to age a few months. Drink from early 2017.
Here's a delightful sparkling wine that offers berry aromas and a touch of flint. The palate opens with rather large bubbles, but delivers fresh strawberry, white cherry and pink grapefruit flavors that finish with a note of walnut.
Dark and earthy, this has flavors of wild berry, savory spice, toasted almond, rose petal and mint. The finish is smooth and silky.
Spicy—this is filled with pepper and clove notes—but there's also lovely raspberry fruit. Fresh, balanced and easy to drink now but it should hold together through 2012.
Half Merlot, 15% Pinotage, and the remainder Ruby Cabernet (a cross between Cab Sauvignon and Carignan), this wine has nice structure backed by refined tannins. A creamy nose of vanilla and cassis touched with mint leads to a full mouth of dark berry, coffee, balsam and barnyard. Has enough body to pair well with assorted cheeses. Imported by Global Vineyard Importers.
Despite reaching its eighth birthday, this is still an incredibly youthful vibrant purple color, with no signs of aging. Aromas and flavors of smoke, toast, black olive, vanilla and cassis are what you might expect from a much younger wine. The tannins are firm, yet the wine is fleshy enough to carry them into a long finish. Drink 2018–2025.
Celebrity chef Florence, in partnership with Rob Mondavi, from Folio Fine Wine Partners, has crafted this delicious, zesty Sauvignon Blanc. It's so rich in kiwi, lime, tangerine, wildflower, vanilla and mineral flavors, it's practically a food group in itself, but bright acidity grounds and balances it. Great job at a good price.
Lots of delicious charm in this soft, slightly sweet Pinot Noir. Brims with raspberry, cherry, cola, vanilla, cinnamon and spice flavors that are balanced with a crisp edge of acidity. Drink now.
For a $12 wine, this blend of Tempranillo and Garnacha is clean on the bouquet, with cherry and raspberry aromas leading the way. The feel is vibrant and bouncy, while flavors of red berry, plum and light oak set up a chocolaty finish with dry spice and mild buttery flavors.
This bottling from John Sebastiano Vineyard is a great example of how a light Grenache can entertain needy palates. Sagebrush-laced aromas of wild thyme and tree bark mesh with tart pomegranate, red currant and a touch of red-cherry pie on the nose. The tea-leaf-laced sip shows raspberry, red plum and red apple, which just enough tannic structure.
Longoria brings a deft touch to this Pinot Grigio. The grapes were briefly fermented in tank, then bottled when the wine was only about four months old. The result is exceptionally fresh and lively, with tangy acidity brightening citrus, lemongrass, vanilla and white pepper flavors.
To call this Cabernet massive is an understatement. This is packed with blackberry and black currant flavors, complexed with dark licorice and dark chocolate notes, with a swirl of cinnamon spice on the finish. It's so powerful and delicious, you'll be tempted to drink it now, but don't. The tannins are very strong; the wine is very dry; and it will easily reward patience. Best after 2017.
The blend is Syrah and Grenache. The wine is dry and pretty tannic, but ripe, with jammy cherry and blackberry flavors. It's also somewhat hot in alcohol. It suggests grilled beef, in the form of tacos or barbecue.
Spice, mint, herb, raspberry and currant aromas form a good nose. Things run a bit choppy and rough on the palate, but overall it works, bearing roasted berry and herb influences, with grabby tannins. This is a full, stocky, spicy and mildly green-leaning Cabernet.
Fresh and fragrant, this offers aromas of pressed rose, violet and just picked grapes. Made entirely with the Sorbara grape, the bright, frothy palate doles out red cherry, crushed strawberry and a spicy ginger note alongside bracing acidity.
This is gentle and rounded, with creamed pear and citrus flavors. With hints of caramel and vanilla, it is soft, clean and very ready to drink.
Defines a style entirely separate from Napa's. Has those rustic Dry Creek tannins and even a briary edge to the blackberries and cherries, and is totally dry. Well-made and elegant.
This wine by Gypsy Canyon's Deborah Hall raises money for dogs in Thailand, but it's certainly no gimmick. Deep aromas of black raspberry, cherry chiffon and dried violets mix with chipped slate, charred pine, morel mushrooms and turned loam. The palate shows sharp cranberry followed by graphite and herbal saps, with noticeable grip.
This displays a particularly rich style of Sancerre, full bodied and opulent. It has the purest white and citrus fruits, with plenty of crisp acidity. But it is the intensity of the wine and its generosity that marks it. The wine is young and could age—although why wait when it is so good now?
Inky purple in color, this wine has cassis and violet aromas. It's smooth on entry, with softly drying tannins that support wild berry, lavender and eucalyptus flavors. A nice touch of acidity accents the finish.
Stone fruit, lemon rind, tangerine and mineral notes make up a pretty bouquet that suffers somewhat from a distant medicinal smell. Lightweight in the mouth with a sour note on the close.
A blend of Pinot Noir and Gamay from a small region just north of Sancerre, this bright-pink wine is fresh, fruity and light. A touch of tannin gives structure and brings out the dry core of this otherwise crisp wine.
The nose is dusty and inviting, with notes of spiced berries, molasses, sandalwood and artisan soap. Very saturated but well balanced, with a creamy, oily mouthfeel and sweet, generous flavors of plum, blackberry and chocolate. Mellow and delicious from start to finish, and a winner even at this high price.
A blend of several extremely old vineyard parcels, this features deep, intoxicating blackberry flavors offset by hints of toast and dried spices. Thick and rich, it rolls easily across the palate, yet remains surprisingly balanced and structured, not heavy or soft. From Carl Lindner, winemaker for Langmeil. Drink 2010–2020, possibly longer.
Simple and sugary sweet, with peach, pineapple and mango flavors that taste like a supermarket fruit juice. It's okay for an everyday Chard.
New smoky oak stars in this flashy young Cab. With 70% new French oak and 21 months of barrel aging, maybe there's a bit too much vanilla caramel, but it marries well with the enormously rich, ripe cherry-cassis fruit flavors.
Polissena is loaded with sweet cherry and oak-driven aromas of spice, caramel and coco butter that underline the sophisticated wood aging process behind this Sangiovese. It's a modern wine with a cheerful personality and a plump, juicy center.
Straddles an interesting line between drinkability and a wine that needs cellaring. This is lush with opulently ripe cherry and cassis fruit alongside tannins that, while fine, are strong. This distinguished wine should hit its stride in 2008, and hold for many years after.
Shows the bright, zesty acidity and citrus and floral flavors that characterize this variety. The alcohol is refreshingly low, only 13%, but the wine is thoroughly dry. Very nice for an aperitif sipper, with shellfish, or with goat cheese and roasted peppers on toasted sourdough.
Baked plum and stewed black cherry show on the nose of this precise blend of 35.6% Malbec, 28.75% Petit Verdot, 23.75% Cabernet Sauvignon and 11.9% Cabernet Franc, with burned caramel, licorice and cherry cordial as well. The palate is rich with a decent tannic structure, showing a ripe blueberry-blackberry-chocolate-syrup flavor.
This Syrah is Terre Rouge's flagship, and it lives up to its reputation with more complexity and spiciness than the other wines in the portfolio. It's earthy and oaky in aroma yet full of indulgent flavor—drenched with dark berry and dark chocolate notes and cedar, anise and new leather accents. Full bodied and memorable, it has wonderful layering and a lingering, spicy finish.
Solosole is a lovely Vermentino with floral and stone fruit aromas aromas accented by Mediterranean herbs. The palate delivers ripe peach and citrus flavors that are balanced by crisp acidity. Pair this with grilled chicken.
Smooth and seductive, with leather, graham cracker, and vanilla on the nose in addition to smoke and plum. The palate shows modest spice accenting cherry, plum and chocolate. A well-rounded, tasty wine. The tannins are chewy, the feel is correct, and the grip is tight but forgiving.
This wine is soft and on the sweet end of the Brut spectrum. It is packed with red fruits, but its light on the acidity and finishes with a gentle ripe aftertaste. It would be delicious as an apéritif Champagne.
The Stoneleigh style traditionally favors ripeness over herbaceousness, and the 2008 holds true to form, offering up grapefruit and nectarine aromas and an appealing blend of citrus and stone-fruit flavors. It's plump and round, yet finishes fresh. Good as an apéritif or with light dishes.
Heavily toasted aromas promise strong wood flavors. The fruit, rich with pear flavors, balances that wood, although the wine does need a few months more integration.
Made in a frankly off-dry to sweet style, this Riesling's citrus and honeysuckle flavors are balanced with zesty acidity and a bracing minerality.
A wine that has created its own universe. It has a unique, special softness that allies with the total purity that comes from a small, enclosed single vineyard. The fruit is almost irrelevant here, because it comes as part of a much deeper complexity. This is a great wine, at the summit of Champagne, a sublime, unforgettable experience.
This wine is starting to round into a mature stage. The bouquet pushes light leather, forest, earth and secondary fruit aromas. Black cherry and plum work well together on the tight, mildly tannic palate, while the finish is concentrated and rewarding. Will be good with food.
This wine starts with a creamy nose of apricot, banana and orangesicle but then a more oxidative quality comes through of slightly sour guava and pineapple. It's tight and tart on the sip, combining banana, guava and macadamia nut richness with grapefruit peel sourness. It's an interesting and unique wine.
You'll find the peppery, sharp, pruny taste of overripe, shriveled black and red berries in this robust Zin. It does a nice job with furry tannins and dryness, but that Porty finish detracts.
With this vintage, disgorged in June 2007, there is still great youth. But the fine raspberry and other red fruit flavors make this a well-balanced Champagne, leaning on fruit at this stage, but also showing structure.
This is the entry-level red from this family-owned estate. It is soft and juicy with some attractive red-berry fruits. The tannins are really gentle just giving a structure to the warm fruits and acidity. Drink now.
This is a firmly structured wine, but its black cherry flavor is marred by banana sweetness. Otherwise the wine is solid and tannic, with light acidity on the finish. Age for a year.
A perfumed nose of violet, black cherry and cedar give this Syrah-Mavroudi blend a seductive start. On the palate, black fruit and spice flavors are balanced, but not overly complex. A solid everyday red with indigenous appeal, and a great match for pasta with red sauces, pizza or steak.
Aged mostly in stainless steel with a touch of new French oak (10%), this has notes of toast and char along with freshly cut mango. It's on the lighter side of medium bodied, drinking just a hair off dry with a bitter note on the finish.
This is a ripe and plump Brunello Riserva with distant notes of band aid or wet fur that don't distract too much from the overall picture. You'll also get aromas of wet earth, wild mushroom and pressed flowers and the wine's intensity and general consistency is very nice.
This ripe, smooth and creamy wine conveys flavors of tropical fruits, apricots and ripe pears. A lightly toasty character gives some spice and richness to the fruitiness. The wine is ready to drink, full of fruit and freshness at the end.
This full-bodied, spicy, savory Shiraz has all of the stylish hallmarks of the Backsberg wines; assertive but elegant, complex but fun, it starts with aromas of blackberry, smoke and leather and in the mouth, is full, round and supple with a delicious finish. It's a big wine that can age but is enjoyable now.
With 90% Merlot, this is a full supple wine from the eastern end of Saint-Emilion. There are tannins that support the perfumed blackberry fruit and the balanced acidity. The wine is ready to drink now, although it will be better from 2017.
Something is lacking in this, which has a dominant aroma of baked bread and savory mushrooms. Tannic and oaky, its year spent in American oak, 30% of that new, hasn't done it many favors.
Unyielding, hard and perhaps in a dumb phase. Spice and dusty tannins seem to hide the fruit almost completely, even after several hours of breathing time.
The winery has been on a roll the last few years with Zinfandels that not only are delicious, but show real class. With this bottling. V. Sattui captures the essence of ripe, heady Russian River Zinfandel. Yes, the alcohol is high, but that's Zinfandel for you, and without it you wouldn't have that ripe, spicy berry-pie flavor that's as soft as candy. Ready to drink now.
Also labeled Parcel A1611, this new release from Tour des Gendres is a wine made using fruit sourced from a single parcel. It's rich and concentrated, with a juicy black-plum flavor. While the wood influence is present, it isn't dominant. This should age for at least six years.
This is a cool-climate Zweigelt, with a spicy, juicy fruit character and light tannins. The red fruit and green herb flavors are layered with acidity.
Lean and dry on the palate, this medium-bodied wine has a subtle concentration of red-fruit flavors and fine layers of mineral and spice that unfold on the palate. Grown on a pioneering property along the Sonoma Cost, it will be best after 2020.
With an earthiness that weighs down the cherry, cola and currant flavors, this Pinot tastes a bit heavy. It's properly dry, with good acidity and modest alcohol.
A little too soft for ageability, but a very delicious wine. Not quite in the league of the wonderful 2007, but offers rich, ripe flavors of blackberries, cherries, cola and cedar, with all kinds of earthy, minerally complexities. Give it a firmer mouthfeel and the score would soar.
A gorgeous Corbières with beautiful expression of the terroir thanks to prominent notes of wild berries and animal laced with accents of garrigue herbs and spice. A hint of cocoa dusts the firmly structured mouth, the palate brimming with flavors of boysenberry and mulberry. Tobacco leaf and licorice root remain on the close.
It makes a smooth impression on the palate thanks to its natural intensity, it's fruit flavors and spicy close.  This 60-20-20 super Tuscan blend of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah would make a great companion to braised beef with porcini mushroom sauce and wild rice.
Ripe pomegranate seeds, red cherry juice, chai tea, a touch of iron and a stemmy crushed herb element powers the nose on this bottling from a special part of the estate vineyard. The flavors are sanguine at first, then open up onto red fruits, but are all held together by crushed marjoram and thyme.
Bone dry, this succulent, citrus-soaked Riesling is a textural marvel. Mixing grapefruit, lime and pear fruit flavors, its racy acidity underscores its complexity.
A blend of local Alentejo grapes has produced a structured while also opulent wine. Layers of dark fruits and solid tannins give dense character. Red fruits burst out of the structure, adding acidity and a perfumed aftertaste. Drink from 2017.
Somewhat reduced on the nose, this 100% varietal and estate-grown wine is soft and supple with a tannic backbone, brooding in dark plum and spicy leather.
Unusual for Bordeaux, this chateau's plantings contain 20% Malbec, imparting a strong blackberry character to the wine. There's smoky oak, too, and intriguing spice and juiciness on the finish. Imported by Bernard Magrez.
A wine made in memory of Catherine (Caterina) of Bragança, a Portuguese princess who married Charles II of England in the 17th century. It is a superripe wine, full of tropical fruit flavors and only the lightest of acidity. Wood aging gives the wine a plush character and suggests it could age for another year. Drink from 2016.
Specs of dusty mineral lend some depth to this honeyed, off-dry Riesling. The palate is straightforward but brisk, marked by pressed apple, pear and a tart lemon-lime finish. Drink now.
Few California Chardonnays are ageable, but this is one you might want to stick in the cellar for a few years to let the parts knit together. Right now, it's prominent in oak, acidity, yeasty lees and tropical fruits. This wine will show better balance by 2015.
Dark, dense with fruit flavor and thickly tannic, this full-bodied wine is a monument to concentration, ripeness and richness. Massive tannins are matched by huge jammy fruit, with a sense of layering and depth that is impressive and satisfying to experience.
A fine combination of tannins and ripe fruit, rich and at the same time solidly structured. The year brings out soft acidity and blackberry juice, and the wine finishes big and bold.
Mainly made of Chardonnay, with just a touch of Chenin Blanc, this is a big, fat rich wine that also has great poise. Tastes of apples and rich cream, with a layer of toast and light acidity to finish. Imported by Ex-Cellars Wine Agencies, Inc.
This is Walla Walla Vintners' signature wine, and it is a classic: rich and oaky, sculpted but also chewy, with big cherry and baking chocolate flavors. There is an unusual flavor streak running through that tastes a bit like Thanksgiving turkey, believe it or not, but it's good. Tannins are polished and the toffee and chocolate finish ends things on a sweet and creamy note.
Ripe and jammy, it's full of red fruit jelly flavors. It has just enough tannic structure to support the fruit, giving balance with a dry core and fragrant acidity. It's rich, full in the mouth and needs time. Drink from 2017.
Firm and solid, this is packed with dark fruits and dense tannins. Fruit flavors include damsons, black plums and dried raisins that are entangled in the firm structure. Age for 3–4 years.
From Ferreira's own vineyards in the Douro, this smooth, ripe, wood laden wine is spicy, with blackberry fruits, a shot of dark tannins, and fresh, juicy acidity. Age for another 2–3 years before drinking.
This blend shows decent weight and texture, along with elegant aromas and flavors of scorched citrus peel and grapefruit. It's long and mouthwatering on the oak-free finish, making it a versatile food companion. The 2012 looks to be even better.
A candy-flavored wine, this is soft and missing acidity. Some spiced apple flavors are masked by the sherbet flavor.
Intense aromas of charred, smoky, lemony oak add depth and masculinity to ripe black-fruit scents. Although tough and tannic, this is built like a fortress. Flavors of black pepper, dark chocolate and blackberry finish with complex notes of cocoa and herbs. Drink this currently young and tannic Toro through 2030.
Thick, oaky and loaded with toasty highlights, this substantial Syrah slathers its fruit in a heavy coat of caramel, buttered nuts and spice. Delicious and supple, its naturally juicy acidity keeps the wine lively. With substantial breathing time, boysenberry fruit melds with streaks of roasted coffee, clove and tobacco.
Sharp, zingy acidity marks this dry red wine. It's medium-bodied and silky, like a Pinot Noir, with rich cherry and oak flavors. Drink now.
The flagship white from Bacalhôa is a full-bodied blend of Fernão Pires and Chardonnay. There is both freshness and richness here, with a tight texture of lime zest and apple skins giving lively acidity. The finish is more tropical, with smooth creamy flavors.
The grapes are from the newish region just west of Petaluma, a chilly, windy area. The climate shows in the brisk acidity, while the excellence of the vintage gives savory flavors of cherries, anise and cola. Oak adds a fine touch of toast. Drink now–2013.
A warm, soft, very ripe wine, bringing pear and apple flavors into a mélange of caramel and vanilla. The wine has concentration along with spice, and a rich texture. It would benefit from a few years' aging. Screwcap.
A heady world of cherry opens up immediately: aromatic Morello and dark Amarena vie for attention on the nose. The palate is full-fruited but has a backbone of freshness that gives this both verve and balance. Tannins are supple but it is the central vein of freshness that characterises the brightness and unforced honesty of this joyous red.
Taut and zesty, lip-smacking and dry: this Riesling is a successful combination of grapefruit and lemon, of zest and flesh. The dry finish makes the lemony qualities of this dry wine even more appealing. Serve this on a hot day.
A bit high-toned, with a raspberry scent and flavor, this youthful Syrah remains stubbornly tight. It could certainly benefit from additional bottle age. Re-tasted after being open overnight, with the same results.
This wine offers a touch of elegance in a region where it's in short supply. The nose is on the subtle side, but not lacking in complexity, with layers of coffee, vanilla, tar and chocolate-covered cherries. On the palate, raspberry and cherry fruit is encased in finely polished tannins that set the stage for a long, juicy finish. Drink or hold several years for even more complexity.
Wood aging has given this wine a decidedly spicy character. The balance comes from the ripe berry fruit, acidity and general brightness. The wine is ready to drink.
Casale del Giglio is making a very good reputation for itself thanks in part to this hearty Shiraz. The wine delivers typical aromas of crushed white pepper, blackberry and clove and it offers roasted espresso bean and chocolate covered cherry on the close.
Kind of full-bodied and heavy for a Pinot, with flavors of baked cherry pie, rum-soaked currants and French roast coffee. The tannins are fairly forward and stiff too. This is a young wine, and it may throw a little sediment and lighten up with a year or so in the bottle.
Soft in texture and almost sweet in flavor, this plush wine coats the mouth with delicious vanilla, butter, lemon and poached pear nuances. While full bodied, it doesn't feel heavy and carries a ripe quality through the long finish.
Already six years old, this wine offers aromas of black licorice, dried cherry, vanilla, clove and abundant wood spices. The flavors of black fruit, licorice and barrel spice intertwine and carry through the finish. The wood is a bit out front at times but the wine still delivers a lot of enjoyment.
Sweetly rich wine, with soft tannins giving a light structure. There is some toffee, sweet juicy plums and black cherries. The wine is full, rich and ripe.
A mix of standard berry fruit and leafy, herbal qualities is the starting point. Next up is a tangy, acidic palate of red fruits, vanilla, acidity and ultimately some bitterness. Short and gritty on the finish. Tastes and smells like mass-market Bordeaux. A blend of 60% Tempranillo and 40% Cabernet Sauvignon.
This small-production, nouveau-style wine was made without oak or filtering. Simple and juicy, it's festive, with effusive dried cranberry and cola spice notes that are soft and easygoing.
Fans of fat Chards: this isn't much of a leap from what you're used to. Very bright green-gold in color, and very buttery from nose to finish. The palate has an oily, hard-candyish feel with decent length on the finish. Will have its fans.
A country wine, with rustic blackberry and grapey flavors. It's a dry, balanced sipper whose charm is hard to describe. But it's there.
An unusual combination of flavors that are searingly tart and yet seem to have a sugary core, this is scented with honeysuckle and orange blossom, and opens out quickly into a fruitbowl of ripe, tangy flavors. Apples, pears, oranges, candied lemons, even a hint of papaya are all in the mix. But be ready for some tongue-tangling acidity.
This is sourced from old vine (1973) vines. It has hints of band-aid scents, and a tropical, tutti-fruity flavor. Plenty of acidity, and excellent length, but not entirely knit together. The jury is out.
A pure, varietal Cabernet Sauvignon, well aged, from an excellent vintage. It's a smooth wine, drinking perhaps at its peak, with an herbal edge to the red fruit and a suggestion of green in the tannins.
Tannat by nature is a hard, brooding grape, and this version from northern Argentina's Salta region is funky, with olive, horse hide and plenty of dark-fruit aromas and flavors. The palate is leathery but proportioned, with spice and length. Could use a touch more cushion, but hey, that's Tannat.
Merlot is at the center of this blend, combined with Cabernet Sauvignon, Petit Verdot, Malbec and Cabernet Franc. A bitterness of green tannins and black leather make for a hugely tannic, puckering effect on the palate.
A solid effort, this medium- to full-bodied wine boasts attractive hints of cinnamon, ginger and clove, balanced by fresh apple and pineapple fruit.
Made from 40% Grenache, 30% Syrah and 30% Cinsault, this Minervois rosé offers layered, complex scents of orange blossom, peony, ginger and red currant. Flavors of peach and taut currant unfold on the medium-weight palate, with refreshing acidity to lend lift to the mouthfeel and brighten the finish.
This is a fine Brunello Riserva with a thick and pulpy feel that is accented by aromas of cherry, wild berries, currants, exotic spice and pipe tobacco. The wine is smooth and rich with enduring fruit notes and silky tannins. There is a pleasantly sweet note of cherry and vanilla on the long finish. Drink after 2012.
A nice Pinot, light-bodied and dry, with a fine, silky mouthfeel. The cherry flavors have slightly greener notes of menthol, accented with sweet, smoky oak. Drink now.
Gritty, roasted berry aromas are rubbery and hint at Band-Aids. In the mouth, this is O.K. in feel, albeit a bit jammy and thick. Short, generic berry flavors come with minty accents and some green on the finish.
This comes from a terraced vineyard that Josef Umathum revived in 2001. Here is an already impressive testament to the quality of the vineyard. With its aromas of cedar and pine cones, the palate is densely packed with black fruits, dark tannins, red berries and a chocolate finish.
Campofiorin undergoes a double fermentation that adds layers of intensity and richness. The aromas here include chocolate, spice, black cherry and cola. The mouthfeel is smooth and dense and packed tight with velvety goodness.
Soft and round, this is a ripe wine accented in toasted oak, vanilla and Good-n-Plenty-type licorice, made in a likable style.
This rich and full-bodied wine is a great candidate for aging. Stash it away in a cool place until at least 2018 when its slightly rough and drying tannins should begin to mellow and let all the ripe fruit and complex spice flavors come out. It's blended with a touch of Mourvèdre for a spicy, earthy accent.
High-toned but slight hints of caramelized pear lead onto a concentrated palate that is as governed by fresh acidity as it is by alcoholic heat. This packs a punch and will ideally paired with equally substantial food.
The aromas of pear, spice and tropical fruit lead to well-balanced flavors with a kiss of sweetness. This sparkler delivers a lot of quality and value.
Aromas of floral rose waft from this well-composed wine, brimming in just-ripe blackberry, strawberry and cherry. An herbal accent marks the finish.
Drinks young, crisp in acids and a little impertinent now, but with great charm; this wine is alive with vibrant cherry, mint and oak flavors that finish in a swirl of chocolate raspberry mousse. That makes it sound sweet, but it's bone dry, just enormously ripe in fruit. It's Santa Lucia Pinot in all its flamboyant glory. Drink soon.
Fresh, spicy and crisp, this deft Malbec shines with pretty raspberry fruit and sharp acidity. Focused and clean, it's a big step forward for this winery.
Long a steak house staple, Kangarilla Road's Shiraz mixes dark berries and plums with touches of cedar, caramel and vanilla. The creamy-textured tannins pick up just enough dustiness on the finish to match well with fatty cuts, like ribeyes. Drink now-2015.
This comes from one of Josh Jensen's vineyards that got barely a half-ton an acre this vintage. It offers aromas of sandalwood, leather, dried strawberry and sagebrush and is light and airy on the palate, with medium red fruits, roots and bark complexity on the midpalate. The wine finishes on nuances of hibiscus and black tea.
The nose on this Malbec-Merlot blend starts off charred and leathery, but with airing you'll get roasted berry fruit scents and mild stalky characteristics. Flavors of roasted berries, rubber and leather finish loud, with muscular tannins and blazing acidity.
Morgan's Hat Trick Chardonnay, from his own vineyard, was a hit right out of the block. Now, so is his Pinot Noir. It's elaborately flavored, a fairly soft, full-bodied wine that's stuffed with pastry-filling cherries, blackberries, currants and raspberries, with exotic additions of kumquats, cola, red licorice and vanilla. This extraordinarily complex wine should change in interesting ways over at least the next six years.
This straighforward Cab is medium-light in density, with hints of green fruit. Flavors touch on rhubarb and cranberry, with a light, short, charred finish. It spent 23 months in French oak, 30% new.
Organically grown, this fruit is from the estate vineyard in the Chehalem Mountains. Old vine elegance and subtlety are much in evidence, even in this bottling from a difficult, rain-soaked vintage. It's a delicate wine that nonetheless offers persistent, complex flavors: strawberry and sour cherry, dried Italian herbs and a finishing lick of chocolate.
This reserve shows nice lime/citrus scents, hints of honey and a bit of sandalwood, which is quite interesting. It's an elegant, lightly spicy, complex and subtle wine, with delicious nuances and a dancer's balance.
Oaky and dull, with flavors of sweetened pineapple juice that are heavily plastered with caramel and buttered popcorn. Needs greater restraint and subtlety.
This shows a touch less oak than the Maté's Vineyard, with more emphasis on pineapple and citrus. It's medium-bodied, with a slightly custardy texture, and turns tangy and crisp on the finish. Drink now–2020.
Honeysuckle, wisteria and stone-fruit aromas mingle together in the glass while the silky, semisweet palate doles out creamy yellow apple, white peach and a confectionery note. A hint of glazed hazelnut signals the close while the foaming mousse lends finesse.
This is a beautifully crafted wine steeped in burly, succulent black cherry and licorice flavors. Soft, firm tannins enwrap its full-bodied lushness with undeniable structure, accented with stony gravel and sanguine undertones.
This pale peach-colored wine brings vibrant aromas of strawberry and cherry. It's lightly spritzy, drinking almost completely dry with weighty feeling fruit flavors.
Grassy and oily smelling and then you'll find a thick, oily palate with honey and lychee flavors. Not very zesty, so it's kind of clumsy and dense, with a chunky finish and bitterness. Decent acidity is what keeps its head above water.
Winemaker Mario Pinheiro worked in South Africa and with the Chenin Blanc grape there. Bringing it to the Alentejo produces a surprisingly similar ripe, warm style of wine that's still fresh and citrusy while also having signs of bright pineapple and minerality. Drink from 2015.
A decent but awkward rosé, basically dry and crisp in acidity, but with some strange flavors. The raspberries and cherries have a medicinal, Band-Aid taste.
Ripe black cherries with a hint of garrigue mark the nose of this attractively plump red from Ferraton. The fruit dominates, but there's just enough savory complexity to make it interesting, with a firm yet silky finish. Drink now–2017.
Fairly piquant, with much of the so-called New Zealand character, including pickle, gooseberry and snap pea. Long on the back palate and finish, with only semisharp acidity. Additional fruit comes on late.
At this stage, the wood element is too dominant. However, the attractive bright berry fruits should soon push through to give what will be a firm but fruity wine. It needs 4–6 years aging to soften its edges and provide delicious drinking.
This impressive vineyard-designate Amarone makes a great first impression thanks to its sweet aromas of cherry, vanilla and chocolate fudge. It makes a great second and third impression, too, thanks to the polished and round nature of the mouthfeel.
While herbaceous, this wine also has ripe tropical fruits that bring out a richer, early drinking side. It's bone-dry and crisp, the apricot fruits balanced by intense citrus. Concentrated and very fruity, it can be drunk now.
A smooth, creamy wine that is Burgundian in style, with its judicious use of wood and great structure. The fruits—lemon, yellow and green plum—are beautifully balanced with the tension of the minerality. This wine will develop more complexity with age; drink from 2015.
Blended from all five Bordeaux varieties, with Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot almost equal in proportion, this is a lovely, well-crafted wine, softly concentrated with highlights of licorice, lavender, violets and black pepper. From three ranches farmed by the family, it's both seamless and structured.
Smells exotic and unusual, and frankly not a whole lot like Cabernet Sauvignon. The palate is high in acid, so there's a citric sheer to the mouthfeel along with generic berry and spice flavors. Tartness and tannic clamp show up on the finish.
Described as medium-sweet on the label, this light white wine offers tones of peach nectar, honey and white flower. It is a simple and one dimensional wine with a subtle touch of sweetness on the close. Pair it with salty appetizers.
Wonderful smelling, with leather, clove and powerful black fruit. How nice to see a '99 rosso doing so well now. The flavors on this wine are dynamite, a rustic and ready combo of cherry, cassis and blackberry. Finishes tight and firm, meaning it still has some time to go.
Although this wine's price has increased over the years, its quality has remained constant. It's an unusual blend of 95% Cabernet Franc and 5% Merlot, with firm tannins and a cut of fresh acidity, giving it a rich cherry intensity. The sheer luxury of the mouthfeel alone merits this wine's high score.
Aromas of rubber band, smoky berry and plum come with herbal, rustic overtones. This feels grabby and tannic, while punchy acidity releases angular black-fruit flavors. A roasted, meaty tasting finish brings the heat and feels aggressive.
This blend of Viognier, Roussane and Marsanne isn't typically Chilean but it doesn't smell or taste all that French, either. Tropical floral aromas are similar to bath oil, while this feels full, pulpy and oily. Peach and persimmon flavors finish distinctly salty, with an oily feel and flavor notes of citrus peel.
This is a bright pink-colored wine, with caramel as much as fruit flavors. It has a light touch of acidity that gives the wine a lift at the end.
This is one of the winery's more elegant, sensual wines. What it does not possess in sheer power it more than makes up for in hedonistic delight. Racy and silky, it excites the palate with intricate layers of black raspberry and cherry tart, cola, Asian spices and smoky oak. The finish goes on and on and on.
This brilliant straw colored Chardonnay has aromas of lemon blossoms and green apples. On the palate, it's smooth and clean with flavors of lemon curd and baked apple.
It opens relatively soft and forward (for a Woodward Canyon Cab), then delivers a burst of sweet cherry fruit, backed with barrel flavors of cinnamon and mocha. There is plenty of acidity and astringent tannins propping up the finish; another year or two of bottle age will help to smooth it out.
Tastes fresh and acidic, like a Beaujolais, with jammy blackberries and cherries, and that sharp, tart finish. An everyday red to drink with ham, sausage, paté.
There is a lot going on in this unique, affordably priced blend of 36% Pinot Noir, 28% Syrah, 27% Merlot and 9% Zinfandel—underripe mulberry, thyme, crushed pepper and fennel aromas on the nose. It balances well on the palate, where bright acidity and textural tension hold the boysenberry, anise and lavender flavors together.
This ticks all the Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc boxes: cut grass, snow pea, nectarine and citrus, all bundled into a medium-bodied wine that comes across as dry, silky and refreshing.
Lovely aromas of rose, violet, perfumed berry, mint and a balsamic note waft from the glass. The elegant palate delivers crushed red cherry, wild strawberry, orange zest, savory herb and cinnamon. It's balanced with fine-grained tannins and loaded with finesse.
So rich and seemingly sweet in black currant, chocolate fudge and toasted oak flavors, you can hardly keep from drinking the whole bottle now. But that would be a mistake. You don't want to age it so long that all the fruit drops out, but 8–10 years in the cellar should do just fine.
This east-facing vineyard is in the village of Fuissé. With the wood-aging giving spice and toast flavors, it is a ripe wine. The wood marches well with the apple and green-plum fruits. Still young, this rich wine has a mineral texture that comes from chalky soil. Drink from 2019.
Here's a smooth, easy- drinking Syrah that shows plenty of class. The blackberry, beef teriyaki, black pepper and leather flavors are brightened with acidity, while a touch of new oak adds some nice smokiness.
No doubt, this is a big, bold wine that hits the palate like a ton of bricks. Aromas include maple syrup, brown sugar, molasses, dark fruit and plum, spice and leather. Not surprisingly, it delivers loads of sticky chewiness as well.
This full-bodied effort goes down surprisingly easy. Aromas of shoe polish, black plums and a dash of black pepper presage flavors of blackberry, plum and brandied spice cake. Finishes with warm notes of chocolate and spice. —J.C.
A rich, nutty note hints at hazelnut, with lively citrus laying underneath. This vein of lemony verve leads the melody like the soaring, unfettered notes of a violin against a sonorous background. This will always be firm but once it opens up, it will be even more harmonious and beguiling. Drink from 2020.
There's a little oak on this wine, just enough to give it a soft, smoky edge. Otherwise, the star is the Albariño grape, tart with acidity and juicy with citrus, green apple, peach and white-flower flavors. Try it as an interesting alternative to Pinot Gris.
The pedigree of this Cabernet shows in the incredible depth of flavor and softly gentle, complex tannins. With intensely concentrated blackberry jam, cassis liqueur and oak flavors, it's distinctly Napa-esque. It is, however, compromised by sharp acidity that's noticeable throughout the palate experience.
The word No refers to no oak and no malolactic fermentation. The wine is sharp in acids and totally dry, but with super-ripe flavors of pineapple, pear, peach and green apple marmalade. Very clean and mouth-cleansing.
A solid Cabernet, offering lots of Napa flash at a decent price, It's dry, full bodied and tannic, with rich black currant, cherry and licorice flavors for drinking now.
Melon, peach and honey are the driving forces behind this easy white wine. In the mouth, it delivers pretty fruit nuances and lean structure that closes on a high, fresh note. It's great for sipping by the pool in the hot months of summer.
Aromas of tire rubber and asphalt are low on fruit. This turns for the better on the palate, which feels creamy despite showing rubbery tannins. Peppery flavors of cherry, plum and raspberry become salty on a mostly smooth, solid finish.
The first aromas suggest tomato leaf and tobacco, which are followed by richer, more syrupy raisin and cassis. The palate holds onto that heavy character, giving raisin, prune and tobacco flavors. Stewy and sweet as a whole.
Tobacco, green bean, floral and berry aromas make for a particular but not necessarily inviting nose, while the palate is warm and sticky, with candied, baked berry flavors and herbal qualities. Sweet and round on the finish, with a lasting carob flavor. Seems like northerly Elqui is not Carmenère country.
Leesy aromas of vanilla and white flowers feature notes of peach and melon. This is round on the palate, with pear, honeydew and apple flavors. A rebound of leesy vanilla reappears on a mellow finish. Drink immediately or wait for the 2014.
Beaujolais is desperate to sell its wine. Maybe a Super Bojo (after Superman) label could work? The wine is classic raspberry bubblegum Gamay, fresh and fruity. Drink now.
Intense blueberry and blackberry notes penetrate through this fruity, forward Pinot Noir. Hints of savory herbs add elegance to an otherwise one-dimensional palate that finishes with big, coarse tannins.
The nose is rather closed but the palate displays crisp, refreshing and mellow notes of apple. All the flavors are restrained but elegant while the mousse underlines all this with soft, finely-tuned creaminess. All this results in a dry refreshing understatement.
Pora is an excellent cru with west- and south-facing vineyards that is known to produce Nebbiolo with a great capacity for aging. Indeed, this Riserva seems to yearn for more time in the bottle. It has direct aromas that carry a hint of greenness in the form of tar, curry leaf and crushed peppercorn. The mouthfeel is soft, full and feminine. Drink after 2015.
From the Château d'Aulnaye vineyard that is part of the Thébaud estate, this wine is still tight and textured, with a strong mineral element as well as crisp green fruits. It is rich with a touch of vanilla smoothing things out. Drink now.
Sangiovese, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon are blended to create a soft, luscious wine that's loaded with bright cherry, rich chocolate and mocha flavors. It would pair beautifully with steak in green-pepper cream sauce.
The opening scents are of black cherry with a bit of nail polish, and the wine hits the palate in a disjointed way. Perhaps the addition of Lemberger should be re-thought; it makes the finish tart and grapy, and devalues the Syrah. And how can a wine from three completely different growing regions be called “terroir”?
This is a stunning example of modern-day Napa Cabernet Sauvignon. It's soft, complex, smooth and sweet, with a veneer of smoky, caramelized oak coating the flavors of ripe blackberry, black cherry and crème de cassis. It's really delicious, and made all the more appealing by a fine structure of tannins and acids.
This is a muddled, roughly textured effort, rich and ripe in cinnamon apple that hides its oak use well.
Cinnamon and other brown spices meet with iron, turned earth and dried cranberry for a slightly funky and sour nose. The palate offers a plush red-cherry flavor at first, followed by an earthy pencil-lead-driven note. Tart raspberry and graphite minerality emerge in the midpalate, followed by loam and coffee grinds toward the finish.
This sweetie is powerful yet smooth, with almond paste and coffee aromas along with a mild sharpness that lends focus. Flavors of chocolate, brown sugar and baked apples burst forth from the thick and creamy palate, while the finish, which runs a little short, is flavorful and comes with a mushroom accent. A sure-fire hit with desserts.
Tim Stevens showcases Yakima Valley terroir as well as any winemaker in the state. This is sourced from the DuBrul and Meek vineyards, and it is remarkably complex, though still tight and tart. The dark fruits are highlighted with toast and baking spices, along with clove and ginger. Look for this to be a 10+ year Merlot.
Very candy shop in its aromas and flavors, a wine that is flagrantly perfumed and touched by wood. The wine is so spicy and perfumed that it is hard to discern the fruit.
Fruity, oaky, creamy and slightly sweet, this Chard is solidly in the international style. It offers flavors of peaches, pears, vanilla and buttered toast.
Aromas of anise and black plum flesh along with hints of eucalyptus and leather abound on the nose, while flavors of fresh-picked black berries fill out the medium-weight mouth. Well balanced with a satiny texture, moderate tannins and a long, spicy finish.
Rich, jammy black-fruit aromas come with plenty of wood, char and campfire-related grit. The palate is chunky and a bit soft, with prune, raisin, baked plum and herbal flavors, especially on the finish, which feels plump, loamy and fully ripe.
I had to double-check the price on this brilliant wine because it's much less than other Napa Cabs. It's a fat, sweet, fleshy wine, instantly appealing for its delicious blackberry, blackstrap molasses, cherry, violet and sweet oak flavors, yet it's a cellar guarantee. The tannins are finely ground and wonderfully ripe, giving the wine a firm lushness that lasts through a long, satisfying finish. Should be easy to find, with 10,300 cases produced.
This wine from cooler climate plantings of both grapes will appeal to many palates, with aromas of baked boysenberry pie and hints of vanilla, nutmeg and star anise. The hot pie flavors extend to the sip, where they are enhanced by hints of spearmint, pepper and fresh herbs. It's quite tasty and fulfilling.
This is a light simple red, without particular varietal character. It's much like an inexpensive California Merlot—fine for every day drinking, generic and unassuming.
Vinified without sulphur, this wine is all about fruit. It has red-berry flavors, ripe tannins and just the right amount of acidity to keep everything bright and fruity. The structure at this stage needs to soften and this fine, ripe wine will be better starting from 2018.
The only one of the Cayuse Syrahs that is co-fermented with Viognier, this opens with a stunning, floral bouquet, showing extraordinary depth and texture. The wine has a floral top, a thickly fruity middle and a base with smoke, rock and meat. Still very young, it is already a complete, fully-realized, near-perfect wine with a finish that extends for many minutes. This should age for 25 –30 years. Right now, it's almost frozen in place; still a bit tannic, but with superb aging potential.
This wine is soft and creamy with melon and green apple flavors. Light, fruity and crisp, it is ready to drink.
Kind of like Pinot Grigio, in that it's a delicate, unoaked (although leesy) wine with citrusy, figgy flavors and bright, citrusy acidity leading to a slightly sweet finish. It's food-versatile and user-friendly.
This wine has some big shoulders. There's a dusty, aged quality, with sophisticated, silky tannins and tertiary aromas of black licorice, dried tobacco, peppercorn and dried berry fruit. It's firm, tight and compact; age 10 more years.
This is a solid wine that has a mineral edge and some austerity. At the same time, it has weight that will stand it in good stead as it develops. Very dry, but with a streak of juiciness.
Light-bodied and lithe, this is not as fruity or flashy as many of its brethren from this vintage. Instead, it offers mineral complexity only slightly buffered by notes of ripe apples and stone fruit, and a long, citrusy finish. Give it some time in the cellar, where it should blossom in another 5–7 years.
Surprisingly shy and reserved in nature, this offers subtle aromas and flavors of apple core and spiced orange peel. Soft and accessible, it's direct and clean, yet short on the finish. Drink now.
The 2004 vintage is certainly mature, but with a light touch it is still attractive to drink. Mushroom and spice are lifted by juicy acidity. The dryness at the end shows it is ready to drink.
Too green and acidic to earn a higher score, although it's pleasantly dry and clean, and there are some savory citrus flavors. But they're dominated by tart leafy tobacco and feline notes.
Overtly sweet, like sugared peach and lemon juice, fortunately balanced with crisp acidity. If you like that off-dry taste, it's for you.
A happy tradition of Emilia-Romagna, this frizzante Lambrusco opens with foxy notes of raw grapes and blackberry. There's a touch of bitter almond on the close.
90-92 Barrel sample. Complex wine, very smooth and polished, the sweet tannins softened by wood. There is a great vanilla character over the wafts of ripe fruit.
The wine gleams brightly, pale gold, and the nose entices with rich scents of apples, pears and peaches. The fruit swells through the mid-palate, firm and supple, and continues with hints of hazelnut and just the right amount of buttery oak.
This blend of 40% Clairette, 30% Grenache Blanc, 20% Viognier and 10% Roussanne offers up delicate lemony scents alongside hints of pineapple. It's a medium-bodied white, displaying freshness and finesse in its citrus, pear and melon flavors. Drink it over the next year.
Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon make up the majority of this wine. Light aromas of herb, coffee bean and barrel spice lead to cranberry and cherry flavors that bring a lot of enjoyment.
Bright and high in acidity, this has a lively cherry flavor, plus a layering of earthy mushroom. It's silky from start to finish.
This is a light and crisp Petit Chablis that is soft and totally ready to drink. Apricot and citrus flavors combine in a wine that is lightly mineral and very fruity. Drink now.
A dry, stony, somewhat neutral wine, marked by crisp acids and vaguely apple-y fruit. The crispnesss and austerity would make it a fine foil for creamy or oily fish dishes.
Starts with nutty, oily, acrid aromas, and never is there much fruit character. The palate has bite but still seems short on acidity, and the flavors run toward funky citrus, asparagus and green beans. On the global scale of SB, this doesn't really cut it.
Another premier cru from Michel Gros, this one not as elegant and fruity as the Réas. Instead it goes for more ripeness, more tannic weight, and a lot more roasted scents from the barrels. Big, rawboned but undeniably appealing, it has a lot of rough-hewn flavor, dominated by toast, tannin and tobacco.
A slightly milky note dampens the citrus flavors on the nose, a similar notion presents itself on the palate. There is lemon freshness and a streak of immense purity at the core, finishing with a slender but definite lemon note. Very clean-cut.
Both sour and black cherry join with blackberry on this wine from Laetitia. It delivers a rich, full mouth, with a good tannic grip and lasting finish—perhaps in part due to the inclusion of stems in the fermentation process. Flavors approach the yellow-red blend of Mexican taco spices, equally savory and spicy.
92-94 Dense, almost dusty tannins, but big fruit that gives potential balance to a fresh wine. Also has blackberry flavors.
Has a smart, snappy Sauvignon aroma of lemons and limes, apricots, figs and lusher notes of white apricots and peaches. Drinks very ripe and fruity, but fairly dry, with good minerality and acidity.
Aromas of the underside of a pineapple and freshly cut mango are followed by just off-dry, exuberant tropical fruit flavors. It's a mouthful of fruit that goes down easy.
A nice Chardonnay whose rich, sweet smoky oak is pronounced, but doesn't dominate, as it does on their reserve Proximus bottling. Shows a nice minerally and slight herbal taste to the pineapples, apples and peaches.
This vibrant, polished red opens with a potpourri of red berry, floral and spice aromas. The bright, juicy palate doles out succulent red cherry, raspberry, anise and cinnamon while lithe tannins and lively acidity provide balance and a smooth, easy-drinking texture.
Luxe is the high-end offering from Domaine Ste. Michelle, using free-run Chardonnay from a 25-year-old Columbia valley vineyard. It has more refinement, grip and depth than the regular DSM Blanc de Blancs, and mimics the pleasing toastiness associated with top Champagnes. Worthy of a place of honor on your holiday table.
This blend of 71% Roussanne, 21% Grenache Blanc and 8% Picpoul Blanc offers cut Meyer lemon, tangerine and pink-grapefruit aromas on the nose, along with the promise of a creamy palate. Instead, the palate is quite tight and restrained, starting tart but opening toward lemon rinds and pear flesh, and wiping up clean on the finish.
Floral and fragrant, this lovely lighthearted sparkling wine is sublime and lemony in texture, with a bushy frothy mousse. Green apple shines brightest, with additional accents of strawberry and peach that punctuate the palate.
Not the catchiest name for this superb red blend, but Buty doesn't go for flash. They go for sleek, sophisticated, terroir-driven style. This is a smooth and substantial wine that opens slowly but surely. From a stiff start, with acid and tannin driving the bus, the wine's cassis and cherry and wild berry fruit begins to show, along with hints of stone, coffee, anise and green tea. The French oak is used subtly and the winemaking is spot on.
A lush, medium-bodied wine with an extroverted personality, this starts with aromas like butter, vanilla and toasted baguette, then emphasizes ripe pear and yellow-peach flavors. A soft texture and lingering finish completes the picture.
On the side, with a hint of warmth on the finish, this is nevertheless a very good wine. The aromas are powerfully mineral, accented by bold lime notes, while the flavors are intense and concentrated. Drink now.
Angeline has a track record for producing savory, delicious Sauvignon Blanc at an inexpensive price. The wine is dry, but rich in honey, papaya and gooseberry flavors, brightened by brisk acidity.
A very rich Bordeaux blend based on Cabernet Sauvignon, but quite tannic. You want to give it some time in the cellar. Dry and full-bodied, it shows ripe, deep flavors of blackberry jam, black currants, dark chocolate and anise, with smoky overtones from oak. Feels dramatic and impressive. Give it until 2012 to come around.
This wine is dry and smooth, with some nice berry-cherry fruit and chocolate. Yet there are some green unripe notes and a sharpness to the tannin-acid structure that detract.
This Monastrell opens with resiny, lactic aromas and a strong note of rubber. It's big, blocky and chunky in feel, while the flavor profile revolves around briny plum and rubber.
Fresh in tart strawberry, this Brice Jones' release hails from a vineyard 950 feet above the town of Annapolis, which is very near the coast. Its profile reflects its provenance, an earthy spiciness buoyed by tingling acidity and lengthy, leathery finish.
This is a tangy fruity wine. It has crisp acidity along with spice as well as red-currant fruitiness. It is light and refreshing and ready to drink now.
From a well-regarded site in the Horse Heaven Hills, this pure Malbec is clean and well-proportioned, but a bit on the simple side. Plain red fruit flavors, accented with light barrel notes, quickly fade on the delicate finish.
This is a waxy, rather soft rendition of Sauvignon Blanc, and the pretty fruit flavors mix grapefruit, citrus and pineapple. There is very little suggestion of Sauvignon Blanc's herbal or grassy side; the grapes seem to have been ripened past that point, though not all the way to California-style, tropical fruit flavors. All in all this is a well-crafted, smooth and flavorful wine, with a portion barrel-aged for extra complexity.
A brutish, muscular style of Shiraz, filled with intense notes of plum and tar and accented by hints of coconut and vanilla. Yet for all its concentration and richness, the finish is surprisingly elegant. Drink now–2018.
The winery rarely produces single-vineyard bubblies, so when they do, it's because their team believes in the bottling. And when you taste this 100% Chardonnay, you understand why. It's dry and rich in acidity, with yeasty lees and toast that frame gorgeous tangerine, Meyer lemon, lime and vanilla bean flavors. The mousse is ultrarefined, making it great for drinking now. This sparking wine could age until at least 2024, gradually losing effervescence and primary fruit but gaining in subtlety.
Named after its winemaker, Domingos Soares Franco, this is a powerful, concentrated wine. Still very young, it is full of blackberry fruits that need time to fully integrate into the dry tannins and layered wood notes. It's a dense wine with great potential. Drink from 2016.
Winemaker Joy Merrilees got more oomph out of Two Bud Block in 2013. A deeper than usual color, darker than normal fruit flavors and a satisfying, dark chocolate and cappucino richness on the palate make this big, luxurious wine stand out. The flavors are fruity but distinctive, blending blackberry, black cherry and mocha.
Classic old-fashioned California Barbera. It's super-dry, hard in tannins and high in acidity. All that gives it a rather tough mouthfeel, but it should develop for 20 years. Good with tomato-based pasta dishes with sausage and beef.
Mastroberardino offers a linear and crisp Greco that unveils a sure mineral vein of chalk and brimstone backed by citrus, pear, apple and fleshy white peach. The mouthfeel is thin and compact, yet the natural freshness leaves a lasting impression.
Dry, sharp and rustic, with modest flavors of sour cherries and herbs.
Coming from the north of the Vinho Verde region, this is a blend of Alvarinho with Trajadura. A hint of honey comes along with almonds, ripe apples and oranges. Aromatic, softly textured and ready to drink, it's a sophisticated, dry Vinho Verde.
Oak dominates the overall character of this wine, with forward notes of toasted wood, tobacco leaf, roasted coffee bean and a hint of plum. There's more wood than fruit here.
Ripe and peachy in style, with accents of brine, honey and cinnamon. It's round and voluptuous in the mouth, then gains focus and crispness on the finish, finishing without an excess of sugar. Try it anytime over the next 6–8 years.
The nose is still unwilling to yield much. This is tightly closed, but the palate shows what lies in store: wonderful grapefruit peel and enticing, herbal pepperiness. This is very sleek and zesty, concentrated and utterly refreshing with a delicious lick of lemon on the finish.
With five hectares of vines, Scarzello is a family-run, boutique winery with a keen focus on traditional Barolo winemaking. This is a bright and ethereal wine with pretty tones of wild berry, forest floor, dried tobacco and dark cola. In the mouth, the wine is vibrant and tonic and fresh menthol flavors appear on the close.
A smoky, charred nose includes notes of baking spice, chocolate and black-fruit scents. A tight, solid palate of firm tannins and oak tastes charred, spicy and ripe. On the finish, oak is out front but this has the body and depth to handle it. Drink 2018–2023.
Soft and open, this is a fresh, fruity wine with a warm feel to it. Gentle tannins, red plum fruits and a good streak of acidity cuts through the texture. Drink now. Screwcap.
Beautiful oak accents help light up this rich, nicely complex wine. Cinnamon, nutmeg and clove dress up the aromas, while ripe, jammy black-cherry flavors spread nicely on the palate and linger on the finish. It's light on tannins and pretty light in texture for such a flavorful wine.
Meat, compost and leather notes mark the entry of this Syrah blended with smaller amounts of Mourvèdre and Petite Sirah. Light black pepper and red fruit flavors are sustained by a soft, round texture and lingering finish.
With plenty of citrus flavors, this wine is fruity while also tight and mineral textured. At this stage, it is all about acidity, so it needs to age for a few months. Drink from late 2017.
A great Zin from Napa, this shows the classic structure of a claret, but with Zin's distinctive personality. Briary, brambly wild berries, mocha and masses of white pepper are the aromas and flavors.
Soft and melted and ultraripe in fruity sweetness, almost like a Starbucks drink, this Zin has flavors of chocolate mocha, raspberry purée, cherry liqueur, anise, vanilla and smoky cedar wood. It's made in the modern Napa style. Drink now.
This starts with aromas of rose, crushed violet, red berry and mint. The palate delivers red and black cherry accented with notes of cocoa and mocha alongside youthfully assertive tannins.
Floral and off-dry, this elegant wine is finished at just 10.5% alcohol and 4% residual sugar. It's a perfectly balanced and harmonious expression of the pretty orange blossom scents of the grape, but shows unexpected fruit concentration and length in the mouth. Match it to moderately spicy Thai or Szechwan dishes.
Dry and acidic, this has thin flavors of pink grapefruit juice and limes. It's not terribly complicated, but it's a clean, refreshing cocktail-style wine. Nice with grilled veggies or garlicky bruschetta with olive tapenade.
This wine has mild aromas of macadamia, pineapple and musky flower. On the palate, these same flavors are nice but bland. 100% Vilana.
Luscious blackberry and cherry pie filling, dark chocolate and sandalwood flavors dominate this 100% Syrah. It's pretty tasty, but it's high in alcohol, with a hot mouthfeel, and feels too soft for balance. Drink now.
Smoky on the nose, but also a bit harsh, with reedy, peppery notes. The palate is soft, creamy and low on acidity, with sweet, candied red fruit flavors that have a stalky, burnt edge. Goes down easy but has some sticking points.
Made from young vines, this is the second wine of Suduiraut. It has young, honeyed character, with a ripe, opulent texture that lays bitter orange fruits over drier noble rot flavors. It is so delicious now, but will be better from 2017.
This is a blend of almost 50% Syrah, with Sangiovese, Cabernet and splashes of three other grapes. Jumping from the glass are flavors of juicy raspberry and sweet cherry swathed in a note of chocolate.
This elegant Nebbiolo d'Alba has a lovely, bright character and heady aromas of rose petal, strawberry and mineral. The palate is vibrant and refined, offering strawberry, cherry and mineral notes. Will pair perfectly with pasta topped with porcini mushrooms.
Mildly sulfuric, with vitamin, bitter greens and funk on the nose. Melon and banana flavors are of the soft, dilute type. Seems burnt and herbal. Not fresh enough.
Barrel fermented and aged on the lees, this wine is dry, crisp and dull. The orange and peach flavors are watery, oaky and herbal.
Shows the crisp elegance and clean balance this bottling is known for, with ripe citrus, apricot, tropical fruit and mineral flavors, accented by rich new oak. It's fun to play with this Chard, let it warm up in the glass and see how it changes over the course of a dinner. That's the mark of a great table wine.
The Mervisano Barbera d'Alba (that ages 15 months in oak) offers a deliciously ripe and rich array of spice, black fruit and blackberry. The wine shows dark, inky concentration with creamy fruit tones and warm smoothness on the finish. The acidity is present, but very well integrated.
Pretty much as gorgeous as California bubbly gets. It's dry and yeasty and rich in citrus, peach and apple flavors, with an enormously fine structure. Feels smooth as silk, clean as a whistle, with a delicate but complex mousse. Young and vibrant, with mouthwatering acidity, this Champagne-like brut should develop bottle complexity through 2013, at least.
Dynamic aromas of honeysuckle and mint gumdrop precede intense honey, orange, tangerine and marmalade flavors. This is a thicker, more oily style of Torrontes than the commonly seen watery ones, and it makes a statement via its viscosity and power.
Steely, mineral style, very crisp. The texture is bone dry, with grapefruit and lime flavors, a wine under tight tension. It has lightness and extreme freshness.
A modern-style offering from the up-and-coming region of Yecla, near Alicante. The grape used is Monastrell, a k a Mourvèdre. It's bold and packed with blackberry, pepper and other spices. It's the perfect wine to enjoy with barbecue, stews and roasts. This wine busted onto the scene just a couple of years ago, earning accolades for its full flavors and overall character. For the price, it's a big-time bargain.
Nicely balanced and harmonious, with toast and yellow fruits mingling easily on the nose before giving way to pineapple and melon flavors that seem to have no sharp edges. There's a hint of caramel from oak on the finish, but it doesn't overwhelm. Imported by Allied Domecq Wines USA
A blend of fruit from Klipsun, Slide Mountain, Elephant Mountain and Ciel du Cheval vineyards, this wine offers generous aromas of raspberries, chocolate and spice. The palate is packed to the brim with fruit flavors that linger on the finish.
A blend of 85% Sangiovese and 15% Cabernet Sauvignon, this has subdued aromas suggesting scorched earth, coffee bean and a whiff of dark spice. The round palate offers dried black cherry, espresso and a hint of cake spice framed in pliant tannins. Drink soon to capture the remaining freshness.
Tastes fairly straightforward now, with fresh, vigorous blackberry, blueberry, cherry, anise and mocha flavors that have a minerally bite. The tannins are tough, gritty and dry, as befits a young Cabernet grown on Diamond Mountain. Needs time, and lots of it. Hold until after 2016, at least.
Lactic oak, wood grain, pencil lead, animal hide, lemon peel and berry aromas make for a challenging bouquet. This is a bit flabby and low on spine, while soft flavors of jammy berry fruits are herbal and suggest juniper. Eucalyptus and raspberry flavors are prominent on the finish.
This is the gold standard for $8 Merlot from anywhere in the world. Pretty fruit is highlighted by bright raspberry scents. Smooth and creamy in the mouth, with lovely flavors of sweet cherry and milk chocolate.
This is all tannin, bitter chocolate and a dense texture. It seems to be drying out as the fruit goes, while there are few signs of softening. It suffers from the heat of 2003.
Lush blackberry and iron ore are the star aromas in this wine. Flavors of blackberry, baking spice and roast beef are juicy and compelling. Lean acidity and grippy tannins lead to a long, dry and woody finish.
Dark and fleshy, this is a ripe, extracted Merlot that's big in cherry and cocoa flavors, with a sweet oaky covering. It's quite soft in the mouth, and has rich, dusty tannins. Will be lovely now with a steak, and should improve over the next year or two.
This was whole-cluster pressed and fermented in stainless steel. Low in alcohol  and high in acid, it's bone dry, short, and finishes on the sour side of tart, with a hint of rot.
An excellent Washington Malbec, this spicy delight sets up beautifully on the palate with bright, crisply defined, varietal fruit flavors of boysenberry, black cherry and cassis. Precise and penetrating, with excellent balance, it keeps the barrel flavors light and minimal.
A fresh, earthy wine that edges towards rustic, bringing with it some firm, very dry tannins as well as a dense, black fruit and plum skin structure. It's not a wine for aging, but demands solid winter food to be at its best.
Green herbs and leaves add freshness to an intense white-floral perfume on the nose of this energetically feminine spätlese. It's ripe and lush, with stone fruit flavor intensified by whispers of bergamot and lemon acidity. Finishes just a shade off dry.
Roasted berry and spent coffee aromas blend with leathery notes that suggest animal. This wine feels solid but rough and grabby. Savory plum and berry flavors finish with a note of baking spices.
Sweet spices and fresh raspberry flavors combine with a lightly tannic and lively texture in this medium-bodied wine. It's lighter, fresher and a touch more crisp and tangy than a typical Merlot or Cabernet.
Ripe blackberry jam, mocha, crème de cassis and spicy, toasty oak flavors combine to make this Cabernet a real blast of enjoyment. It's soft enough to drink now, yet has a lovely texture, with tannins that are sweet and refined.
Fresh tangerine skins scent this zesty dry Riesling. Restrained on the palate with flavors of pressed apple and pear, it's not a deeply concentrated wine but refreshing and brisk.
Black currant stars in this mountain wine, juicy and brushy in big, pillowy tannin. Still tightly wound, it shows complexity and plenty of natural structure, begging for more time in the bottle to allow for the gunpowder, smoky oak and dark, lush black fruit to marry further. It should show best 2020 through 2023.
A juicy wine, it has soft tannins and gently stalky fruit textures. Black currant fruits accompany fresh, tangy acidity. Not for aging, so drink now.
A blend of Marsanne, Roussanne and Grenache Blanc, slightly oxidized but still drinking nicely, this is bone dry and scented with lightly toasted grain. Ripe apple fruit and a whiff of honeysuckle add interest. Drink soon.
Aromas of chamomile flowers, pineapple and a whiff of bread crust lead the way. The bright palate offers ripe golden apple, toasted almond, light pastry cream and a hint of aromatic herbs alongside a soft mousse.
Young, sharp, and spicy, with underlying layers of peach, apricot, Meyer lemon, butter and caramel. This clearly needs a lot more cellar time to reach its full potential, but it is already a lovely wine to sip at meal's end.
Classic Cabernet Sauvignon aromas of cherry, chalk and tobacco serve as the aromatic introduction to this reliable deal from Firestone, now one of the many wineries owned by William Foley. There's an Old World mustiness once sipped, along with a touch of vanilla and smooth tannins.
Firm and steely in structure yet decadently fruity, this light-footed Spätlese offers substance and pleasure in spades. Luscious yellow-peach and tangerine flavors are plush on the palate but balanced judiciously with racy acidity and a deep tang of minerality. Gorgeous already but could hold well through 2021.
This is jammy and bulky from the get-go, with heavy fruit aromas leading to a saturated, dense palate that feels thick. Baked, blackened flavors of sweet blackberry, chocolate and mocha mark the palate.
92-94 Barrel sample. A big, concentrated, powerful wine, yet also one restrained by elegant fresh fruits. There is plenty of style here, a complex mix of fruits, acidity and balanced tannins.
How unusual—a Pinot Noir from Wachau! Appetizing notes of fresh red currants give this a delicate, light-bodied aspect. The tart berry fruit is again reinforced on the palate where red currants are joined by cranberry. White pepper fizzes around the edges and makes for a lot of charm on a slender, smooth and translucent body.
The Audrey Cuvée brings extra richness to the regular Diamond T Estate Chard. It's an enormous wine that has honeyed sweetness. The flavors are of apricot jam, pineapple tart and lemon meringue, and new, smoky oak plays a prominant part. This Chard calls for careful pairing with food, since it's so rich, almost a dessert wine.
Beautiful Cab, although it's young and needs time to blossom. It has a chewy mouthfeel, with significant tannins that frame ripe berry-cherry fruit. Polished and refined, this Cab should open gracefully over the next 15 years.
Despite showing rusticity and leather on the bouquet, this smells encouraging and improves with airing as spice and subtle berry aromas take over. A creamy, layered palate is home to cinnamon, dry spice, earth and leathery flavors in addition to tobacco and dried cherry. Residual oak and spice are driving the finish on this mature wine. Drink now through 2015.
Muscular plum and black cherry aromas come with citrus peel and herbal notes. The mouthfeel is stout and healthy, with chewy tannins and lightly baked flavors of sweet blackberry darkened by pepper. Jammy and ripe overall; good Toro for under $20.
At first blush this reserve seems more oaky, more open and more overtly alcoholic than the just-released Leonetti 2008 Merlot and 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon. After many hours of breathing time it fills in with pretty plummy fruit, toast, caramel, whiffs of smoke, cedar and cigar box, and dry tannins.
This Merlot's soft mouthfeel and mellow tannins make it fine for everyday drinking. It has stylish flavors of cherries and red licorice, and is beginning to show its age.
This wine is the sum of many spectacular sites—including Ritchie and Heintz Vineyards—some of the cooler-climate spots for grapes in the Occidental. Together they sing a tasteful tune that's salty and demure, with an elegant imprint of green apple, ocean breeze and stone.
Made in a ripe style, this Cab bursts with jammy black currant, plum and coffee flavors that finish rich and sweet. But it's also got a firm texture, with fine-grained tannins and a keen edge of acidity. The result is a balanced and stylish Cab that should hold for at least seven years.
Aromas recall black plum, raisin, dark spice and floral notes. The palate offers blackberry, bitter prune and black pepper accents alongside tightly-wound tannins that leave a drying finish.
This flamboyant wine is drenched in new oak the way Hollywood stars used to wrap themselves in mink. It's fabulous, gooey-sweet in apricots, honey, vanilla, peaches and cream and ripe, sweet bananas sautéed in butter. It's all folded into the most unctuous, butter cream texture. Thank goodness for the acids. Deliriously addictive. Mostly Semillon, with Sauvignon Blanc.
Hints of vanilla and caramel in the bouquet are followed by lots of ripe berry and cherry flavors that spread out across the palate and coat it with fine-grained tannins for a firm texture. This is medium to full bodied, deep in flavor and broad but structured in mouthfeel.
This winery's Walla Walla Valley debut displays aromas of ash, green olive, grilled asparagus, dried flowers, smoked meat and blue fruit. The smoke and savory flavors are soft and reserved in style, showing a pleasing persistence on the finish.
Very dry and high in acidity, with a light texture and cherry, cola, herb and pepper flavors that you might mistake for a Sangiovese. But it's a nice, clean wine, and shows some real elegance.
A balanced, ripe wine, this offers a good contrast between the dusty tannins and bright red-berry fruits. It's ready to drink with its fruitiness, although it will develop a richer, fuller character as it ages over the next year. Drink from 2017.
This bottling from Brack Mountain Wine Company shows butter, sea salt and caramel on the nose, balanced by tangerine and faint jasmine aromas. The wine is elegant and easy to like, with Meyer lemon and prominent-but-not- overpowering honey butter on the palate, and a pink lemonade touch that carries into the finish.
This '06 is the winery's regular bottling, not the reserve, and Chard lovers will find it a little lacking in richness. Still, it's a dry, crisp, elegantly structured wine, with mineral-infused pear and pineapple flavors.
Aromas of yeasty pastry, powdered sugar and apple pie come prior to a nervy palate with a mix of tropical melon and papaya flavors along with salad-like garden notes. Flavors of green herbs are prominent on the finish.
This 50-50 blend is firm, focused and rich, offering attractive aromas of mint, vanilla, cedar and red-skinned plums. Flavors turn darker, suggesting espresso and chocolate, but enlivened by bright acids. A wine worth holding a few years, priced at $20? Buy now, drink after 2020.
Named after a pioneer of wood-aged Sauvignon Blanc, this wine has toast as well as rounded fruit. The subtle wood focuses on enriching the fruit and bringing out its steel and citrus character. The wine can certainly age, drink until 2020.
The heady lift of lemon oil hits you first. Next comes a dry, slender palate full of apple flavors: crunchy and red, crisp and green, baked and mellow. This is so juicy and light, yet also concentrated and punchy, expressing laser-sharp Riesling at its best. The wine is poised and has a precise liquid vein of bright acidity before finishing with chalky stoniness. Drink now until 2030.
Floral and fruity to open the show, and then there's plenty of oak and resin aromas coming next. The palate is tight, acid rich and woody, with solid black fruit flavors along with toasted oak notes and coconut. Juicy, fresh and healthy, but quite oaky.
Ketchup aromas are pungent and a bit overwhelming. It's too bad because the wine tastes good thanks to its firm structure.
Full and ripe, a rich wine that offers intense honey, tropical fruits, just a touch of spice that gives the wine an attractive, fragrant lift. It is deliciously ripe, still young of course, showing great full potential. Drink from 2018.
This fresh 70-30 blend of Corvina and Rondinella benefits from oak aging that helps showcase the wine's spice and smoke aromas. At its core, however, this ruby-colored wine offers tonic flavors of sour cherry and raspberry.
The grapes are Demeter-certified Biodynamic in this 100% Zin, grown on a ridge-top vineyard overlooking the Dry Creek Valley. A fully realized, satisfying wine, it offers cherry vanilla, tar and toasty bacon among warm tones of complementary spicy cinnamon.
Exotic Indian spices and very ripe blackberry and blueberry flavors characterize this rich, heady wine. It's so fruity that it tastes sweet, but it's actually dry, with a long, delicious finish.
A fruit forward nose with emphasis on dried fruit, prunes, raisins and currant berries. Ripe cherry  comes through in the mouth where the wine shows good structure; shows Nero d'Avola as the elegant grape it is.
Here's a good, fruity Zinfandel to drink with your barbecue, and the everyday price is right. It's dry and tart in berries, cherries and spices, with Zin's wild, briary personality.
A rich, complex, ageable Pinot from this increasingly well-regarded vineyard. It's a big, dark wine, explosive in raspberries, cherries and mocha, but retains a delicacy courtesy of its tannins and acids and some mysterious elegance from the soil. This is easily Guarachi's best Pinot ever, although it's also their most expensive. You get what you pay for. Drink now–2019.
89–91. Barrel sample. This is an attractively fruity wine that's packed with blackberry flavor. The mid palate boasts fruit-cake and raisin flavors with a hint of smokiness that complement a firm tannic character. Spicy aftertaste lingers on the finish.
Though a slightly riper style of rosé than is de rigeur today, this is a solid and lively wine, its ripe raspberry and red plum aromas cut by lime pith and squeezed lemon notes. Ruby red grapefruit, mulberry and baking spice elements pop on the palate.
This LBV Port is powered by jammy damson and plum fruits along with dried figs and a juicy aftertaste. The palate is dry, with tannins just in evidence, although the balance is just right. Drink now.
Plum and raspberry aromas are wiry in nature and “red” in character. The wine feels healthy and not overly heavy, with roasted, slightly herbal flavors of berry fruits and creamy oak. A spicy, lightly herbal finish ends this Malbec-Syrah-Merlot blend in solid fashion. Drink through 2015.
88-90 Barrel sample. A balanced, elegant wine, like the demure sister of Magrez Fombrauge from the same estate. This will become a delicious wine with more focus on harmony than heft.
If you want pure Ribera fruit, then go with this lightly oaked youngster. Along with graphite and dusty notes, the bouquet shows wild berry aromas with few limits. The mouthfeel is round, tannic and rubbery, with full-volume berry and plum flavors. This finishes dark, dense and it doesn't vacillate.
A little simple in citrus flavor, but for the price, a pretty nice wine. It's the kind of crisp, dry white I've had many times at gallery openings and such, inexpensive, but with enough panache to satisfy a picky crowd.
This is a crisp, medium-bodied example of Saint-Joseph. Aromas of creosote, black olives and roasting meat receive an infusion of brighter, fruitier flavors on the palate, adding cherries to the savory mix. Drink this mouthwatering wine over the next few years.
Opens with candied berry and salinic aromas. It's tough in its youth and also a little too funky to inspire much confidence for the future. Toughness in tannins; toughness in fruit; quite peppery on the finish. It just isn't that inviting.
Dark hay in color, this vineyard-designate features lifted acidity and subtle oak around anise, green-apple tartness and a lovely integration of strength and grace. Ultimately light-bodied and crisp, it's also complex, with a lengthy finish showing just the right tease of caramel.
This is a particularly successful white Monte Velho. It is rich and creamy, full of ripe apple and refreshing acidity in equal measure. Fruity and fragrant, it is ready to drink and will be delicious this summer.
Pretty and scented with watermelon and strawberry, this rosé turns tart in the mouth, tasting of rhubarb and sour berry. It's fresh and refreshing, especially drunk cold in hot weather with a picnic spread.
The hue is an elegant peach just starting to blush with pink. The wine is entirely dry, with low alcohol framing intricate flavors of peaches, limes and vanilla, brightened by crisp acidity.
This youthful wine plays most of its cards in the mouth, where it offers a plump, fruity feel with fresh accents of tangy acidity on the finish. The bouquet is redolent of red berry, cola and leather.
Cherry, black currant and cinnamon lead on the nose of Brotherhood's enticing Cabernet. On the palate, a touch of smoke mingles with red berries, spice and pepper. A clean, food-friendly style red with a lingering spicy finish.
The nose is shy but promises development with its heady note of chamomile. The palate reinforces this soothing, herbal and balm-like feeling even more, seemingly dissolving dried chamomile aromas in a sea of fluid, fresh lemon. The palate is absolutely dry and comes with a wonderful lightness of touch. Despite the ripeness of the 2012 vintage this has ease and a spring in its step. This wine is lovely now and will continue to evolve for a long time. Concentration will make sure of that. Drink 2017–2030.
This is a stellar example of how to do South African Chard right. Delicate white florals and a firm minerality mingle with fruit notes of Gala apple and Anjou pear. The mouth is weighty but not flabby and a soft sweet woody spice lingers on the long finish.
This bright Nero di Troia represents the values of the natural wine movement in southern Italy. Organically farmed fruit shows simple aromas of cherry and wild berry, matched with a pristine, polished mouthfeel.
Balanced but very firm, with dominant tannins, here is a wine with an angular feel to it. The tannins give a meaty character as well as laying alongside the plum skin flavors. It is dry, with some definite acidity.
Opens with burnt rubber aromas that soon yield to berry fruit, char and dark chocolate. The palate is snappy and tangy despite feeling full, while the flavors of herbs and berry are quickly replaced by resiny oak. Finishes firm, with herbal notes and carob.
This very approachable and likable wine puts the typical dried-grass aromas atop stone fruit scents. The palate is very herb-tinged, with parsley, thyme and rosemary finding a nice symbiosis with the riper nectarine and melon flesh.
Flavors and aromas of tobacco, pepper and spice personify this organic wine from South Africa. Juicy, round fruit and a shot of elegant minerality keeps it all in check. A friendly, solid wine that's 88% Cabernet.
This hearty red delivers ripe fruit, cola, barbecue spice and blackberry notes. It's smooth, soft and medium in body and length.
This is a ripe and meaty wine (a second Riserva, next to the estate's Riserva Campocerchi) with enduring notes of wet earth, smoke meat, red cherry and dried apple skins. It tastes plump, succulent and bright and would pair well with stewed beef.
Extra fruity, packed with strawberry and crisp red currants flavors, this is all freshness, richness and clean acidity. It has some weight but this just emphasizes the fruitiness.
Fruity aromas of blueberry pie, raspberry and Cran-Grape Juice are palpable. Flavors in the same vein are jammy and spicy. Mouthwatering acidity manifests itself in this full-bodied fruit bomb.
This is a curious, soapy wine with considerable bitterness. There is a toasty edge that shows some bottle maturity, and contrasts with the tense, tight acidity.
This is 100% varietal, and 10% was barrel fermented. That seems to have put a light layer of toast over lemon-drop fruit. There's a touch of grapefruit and some aromatic notes of candied orange peel.
Green floral notes and pine fronds add a foresty freshness to plump white peach flavors in this off-dry Riesling. Vivacious with sweet tangerine acidity, it's structured and focused, with a finish that lingers.
This remarkable Cabernet was grown and produced by a longtime Mexican-American immigrant. It is an extraordinary wine, rich and full-bodied, explosive in sweetly ripe blackberries, cherries and black currants, yet given firmness by a firm minerality that must come from the soil. Defines André Tchelistcheff's description of Stags Leap Cabernets as an iron fist in a velvet glove. Drink now–2020.
A Syrah-based wine made by Cortes de Cima's Danish owner, Hans Kristian Jorgensen, in homage to the famous Danish writer of fairy stories. It is weighty, rich, ageworthy and ripely fruity. It is packed with firm tannins as well as blackberry acidity. Keep for 3–4 years.
Light apple-blossom aromas are harmless. In the mouth, this Chardonnay-based blend is flat and buttery in feel, with baked apple and peach flavors before a flat finish.
A blend of 70% Syrah, 20% Grenache and 10% Mourvèdre, this wine is quite perfumed, with intense aromas of spiced black cherry, forest berry and licorice. The medium-weight palate is plush and mouthfilling, with velvety tannins lending structure to the ripe black-fruit flavors, alongside a touch of graphite. The enduring finish beams with notes of licorice and black pepper.
A rich, lusty wine, dry and easy to like for its array of blackberry, cherry, anise and sandalwood flavors. Made from the traditional Bordeaux varieties, based on Cabernet Sauvignon, it really pleases the palate. Drink now.
It opens with an earthy fragrance of black plum, underbrush, meat juices, thyme and bay leaf. The dense palate delivers juicy black cherry accented with licorice, black pepper and balsamic herbs. Big and concentrated, it has ripe tannins balanced by decent acidity. Hold for more complexity. Drink 2016–2923.
Easy aromas of bath oil and mixed tropical fruits are mellow, with nothing too defined. A fresh, lithe palate offers bright acidity and flavors of orange and grapefruit. Light acidity and tropical flavors create a friendly, simple finish.
Hot, harsh and not quite ripe, a common wine with blackberry, tobacco and oak flavors that are sugary sweet on the finish.
Aromas of tree bark, vanilla and herbs mix with peppery red fruit scents, while the palate is comfortable and herbal, with plum and dry oak notes. Peppery on the finish, and overall this is a nice but standard Chilean Cabernet that should strike most as being familiar.
It's 99% Sauvignon Blanc, with a splash of Viognier. The wine is really a wonderful barrel-fermented style, rich, unctuous and exotic in citrus, nettle and wildflower flavors. It's wines like this that are making Sauvignon Blanc a certified superstar.
Light aromas of citrus, white peach, soda water and herbs are followed by elegant, just off-dry, spritzy fruit flavors backed by a zing of acidity.
Januik makes just four barrels of this 100% Walla Walla Cabernet. The usual plushness of the Seven Hills Vineyard comes with a harder, steelier edge—a hallmark of Januik's style. It's structured for aging, with black cherry fruit that's annotated with tobacco, coffee and baking spice.
One-dimensional and tannic, this Syrah has cherry and blackberry pulp and mocha flavors, with notes of anise, cinnamon and vanilla. It's like a Starbucks drink, but dry.
More concentrated-tasting and intense than some of d'Arenberg's other 2011 single-vineyard Shirazes, this is still somewhat restrained. Some tobacco notes add nuance to the Ribena-like fruit, picking up hints of vanilla and earth on the finish.
A grassy, herbaceous Sauvignon Blanc-dominated wine, this has fresh grapefruit and lime flavors, with an orange zest and mineral edge. This is delicious and ready to drink now.
Orchard fruit and white flower aromas meld together in this pretty white. On the bright palate, fresh acidity underscores white peach, Bartlett pear and juicy nectarine suggestions.
A blend of Bordeaux and Rhône varieties, this is a dry, somewhat rugged wine, whose best feature is fruit. Blackberries, cherries, plums, even cranberries and cocoa show up in the complex flavors. There's a tannic, acidic streak that makes it a little tough, though.
87-89 Ripe new wood and spice with blackberry juice flavors, very rich and concentrated. It has soft tannins, very juicy.
To tame Durell is no easy feat—indeed at first this wine exudes matchstick and robustness on the nose and palate. But tameness comes in the form of lemon and grapefruit pith, brightening the load, with a sinewy structure supporting its core. The finish is succulent in honey and stone. Drink now through 2020.
A great caramel and dried raisin character, the wine showing figs and spice, touched by the spirit but not more. The end has dryness, a firm finish.
A refreshing warm-weather sipper, with bright notes of apricot, lime cordial and peach which are hampered by a bit of funk in the background. The wine offers up a slight sweetness before dropping a quick lime note at the end. Drink now.
With fruit picked on January 7, 2009, this superrich wine shines with acidity that picks out the fuller honey flavors. It has an almost unctuous texture, very smooth, with orange zest and peach giving a fresh side to the wine.
Iron oxide, white pepper and blueberry are an enticing, aromatic trio but there's more to come. The palate is slender and pure fruit shines through. This has been handled with a light, knowing touch, creating an elegant, subtle wine that's not showy but all the more impressive for it.
This wine is a blend of fruit from Sheridan (73%) and Dineen vineyards. It offers aromas of dried herb, violets, mushroom and cedar that are followed by elegant, very pretty fruit flavors. It's more about subtlety than brawn.
This is an expressive Barossa Shiraz, combining ripe raspberry fruit and a lush, creamy texture with herbal, savory notes and crisp acidity. Turns a bit zingy on the finish, with cranberry overtones. Drink now–2015.
This Barbera d'Alba opens with moderate, less exaggerated aromas of ripe fruit, prunes and plums. There's also a very distinct oak note at the back that resembles Spanish cedar or mesquite. It does, however, offer nice pulp and succulence on the finish.
Leafy and peppery on the nose, with light red-fruit aromas and some citrus peel. It runs more lean and spicy than anything, with hints of tomato leaf, fennel and sausage.
This new wine from the Limarí Valley is a head-turner. The color is black but it's not overweight or overdone. The nose has mild animal and leather notes along with savory blackberry, and the palate is full of boysenberry, dark plum, licorice, pepper, chocolate and espresso. Long and lingering, with thick legs. Drink now through 2011.
This is at the sweetest edge of off dry (alcohol at 9%, residual sugar 5.1%) and it is loaded with citrus fruit—especially ripe orange—that keeps it lively and refreshing. A well-made, full-bodied Riesling that lingers gracefully through the finish, with a streak of lemon tea.
With alcohol of 16% and a sweet finish, this raspberry- and cherry-flavored Zin defines a hot-climate style. You either like it or you don't, but it flies its flag proudly.
The aromas speak to the uniqueness of the grape variety, offering up funky pink grapefruit and ginger notes, but the flavors are overly sweet, lacking proper balance.
Tight and mineral wine, with a great citrus character, fresh green fruits broadened by wood toast, while the acidity is as crisp as possible. It has a youthful apple skin texture, and would repay a couple of years' aging.
Very opulent, the wine has a velvet, honeyed texture. This richness translates into the flavors, which are of yellow fruits, hinting at mango with lychee spice. Its density lingers, with freshness coming through at the end.
93–96 This wine has achieved a near-perfect balance between its rich fruit and exotic wood. Offers black currant flavors and finely judged extraction.
Fresh red-apple and nectarine slices abound on the nose and palate, while a lively floral character adds lift and depth to the bouquet. A touch of citrus pith and peach pit stay through the medium-length finish. Medium weight and fleshy, but vibrant and balanced.
There's an immediate pithy tension on the nose of this bottling from a producer in the game since 1933, with Brie-cheese rind, fresh Greek yogurt and and grapefruit-peel aromas. The flavors are intriguing, hard to pin down and alluring, with exotic citrus and varied stone fruit, light honeysuckle and crushed slate mixed with chalky structure. Simmering acidity keeps the flavors coming.
A closed nose hints nonetheless at some concentration. The palate reveals yellow plum held tight by citrus freshness. This is whistle-clean and holds charming nuances of grapefruit and peach. Drink now or wait until 2016–2017; more fruit may come to the fore.
From a 15-acre vineyard owned by Georges Duboeuf. It is a big, bold, ripe wine backed by light wood flavors, and juicy red plum fruits. It is vivid, colorful and solid.
Simple and sweet. This Sauvignon has sugary flavors of pineapples, limes, peaches and apples, and benefits from crisp acidity.
This structured wine also has already delicious red fruit flavors. The core of tannins is surrounded by this cushion of ripe fruits, layered with acidity and altogether enticing now. Drink now, although the wine will certainly age.
92-94 Barrel sample. A powerful, but velvet textured wine, the tannins dusty and sweet. There is great acidity here, the fruit soft, hiding its power. The aftertaste has lively acidity.
A simple, clean and fresh Chardonnay, round and fruity, with some vanilla, spice and white peach fruit flavors. The aftertaste is soft, slightly sweet.
Delicious in raspberries, cherries, sassafras, cola, orange blossom tea and vanilla, with a beautifully silky texture, this single-vineyard Pinot comes from low-yielding vines in the central part of the appellation. It's a little too soft for cellaring, but offers solid pleasure now.
A wonderful array of aromas wafts up from the glass, resembling pencil shavings (a good thing!), cigar box, touch of earthiness and cherry compote. The mouthfeel is luxurious; layered flavors of black currant, black cherry, chocolate and clove stay lively through the long finish. It drinks well now, but will improve through at least 2019.
Bold blackberry fruit is framed by notes of graham crackers or vanilla wafers. A bit crisp and lacking flesh, but showcases vibrant fruit, ending on a dry, dusty, tannic note.
This is a sweet white wine with some of the nice qualities of a dry table wine, including distinct apricot aromas and flavors, good acidity and a smooth texture.
This is a lush, opulent and oaky Pinotage, with assertive aromas of mocha, raspberry cream and chocolate-covered cherry. The texture is satiny and smooth, with medium yet fine tannins and a richness to the palate thanks to flavors of raspberry coulis, mocha sauce, sweet spice and just a hint of pepper.
A New World analog to an Alsace vendange tardive, this sweet, lushly fruited Riesling displays ample honey, melon and apple fruit, with just a hint of lime zest to provide some balance to its 60 g/L of residual sugar. Try it with spicy Asian dishes, on its own or with a cheese course.
This blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Cabernet Franc offers aromas of red and black berries, bell pepper and cedar. The palate delivers concentrated blackberry, cherry, chocolate and spice. It has rich flavors but lacks freshness and energy.
Aromas of fresh coffee, cocoa, peppery spices and red fruit lead to silky fruit and barrel flavors. It brings a whole lot of easy-drinking appeal.
Hard and unyielding for Viognier, with lemon and mineral elements that seem a bit out of character for the variety. Nevertheless, it's a crisp refreshing white for the summer.
With apricot, orange, peach, lemon and lime flavors, this is one of the richer Sauvignon Blancs out there. But it's totally dry, with brisk acidity and a clean, elegant finish.
Pricey for a Vinho Verde, but one of the best we've tasted on this side of the Atlantic. It's lean and minerally, with hints of green apple, lime and fresh fennel. Finishes long and crisp, with a mineral note that lingers gracefully.
Good cherry and cranberry flavors lend a lot of fruitiness to this medium-bodied moderately proportioned wine. It has a touch of tannin in the texture and good balance overall.
Tight, bright acidity leads off this elegant, perfumed wine. With its white fruit and citrus flavors it is both rich and refreshing. A fine mineral streak runs right through this complex, certainly ageworthy wine.
Aromas of red berry, blue flower, menthol, exotic spice and a whiff of French oak take shape on this impeccably balanced radiant red. The palate is vibrant and focused—almost ethereal—delivering raspberry compote, Marasca cherry, star anise and cinnamon framed in elegant tannins. Weightless and loaded with finesse, it's an incredible result for what was a cool wet vintage in most of Italy. Drink through 2024.
Clove, leather and pepper aromas and flavors give this Cabernet a masculine edge. Rich and complex, it also offers softer tannins and an integrated character that will allow for more delicate meat dish pairings. A lingering finish tops it off.
New oak (38%) vies with green apple butter and pineapple crême brulée flavors to dominate this wine, with neither winning out, suggesting that it's balanced. It's a very pretty, creamy, slightly sweet Chardonnay, balanced with brisk acidity.
Leathery, exotic aromas of blueberry and spice are not too oaky or generic. This is compact and tannic in the mouth, with structure. Flavors of spicy blueberry and pepper darken up on the finish, which is ripe and full but also hot in feel.
A full, rounded wine with yellow fruit and citrus flavors lying over vanilla and toast flavors. This rich wine is ready to drink despite a good touch of minerality to finish.
From another section of the Los Chamizal Vineyard, Morning Sun is taut in red cherry and raspberry, a citrusy component giving it lightness and zest. Leather and black pepper come to life on the finish.
This is a very delicious Pinot, made in a drink-me-now style. It's dry and crisp and silky, and enormously rich in raspberry, cherry and strawberry jam flavors. The texture is pure silk and satin. Drink now for sheer lusciousness.
Crisp aromas and flavors of clove, mint, red berries and tobacco give this Shiraz a food-friendly but complex character. The minerally backbone, combined with the savory spicebox layers, offers Old World elegance with a South African twist. Ageable and a good pairing for grilled meats, filets.
Aromas of sweet spice and candied fruit characterize this lean but crisp Aglianico. The wine is not too dense or extracted and offers an easy, no-fuss approach to this hearty variety.
Lodano (a beautiful blend of Traminer, Riesling and Chardonnay) from coastal Tuscany seems perfectly engineered for local dishes such as cacciucco, a spicy fish soup from Livorno. The wine opens with bright, intense aromas of candied lemon, pineapple and apple piecrust.
A light but flavorful wine with citrus and green-apple aromas and flavors. A mild chalkiness shows on the palate and oak adds some smoke and spice to the picture. Finishes with an herb note.
This is a broad, rich Prosecco Extra Dry that boasts a darker, more saturated color and mature notes of fruit and peach backed by honey and fruit pulp. You'll get a hint of nut or peanut skin that sits heavy on the fruit and pungent effervescence in the mouth.
With soft tannins and sweet red-berry fruits, this is a wine that is made for early drinking. It does have a firm core serving to give shape to this otherwise smooth, juicy, fruity wine.
Estate grown and fermented with native yeasts, the Select cuvée is the entry level offering from Brick House. In this hot vintage the picking, sorting and fermentation have been carefully managed to produce a balanced and textural wine. The fruit shines through with apple, cranberry and cherry, underscored by a refreshing minerality. The acids have a subtle citrus/orange peel flavor.
A straightforward, moderately priced Chard, with characteristic golden apple and toast notes from start to finish. A good wine, but those averse to wood should steer clear.
Vibrant in candied cherry-raspberry and cola fruit, this Pinot is also very spicy. It finishes a little simple and sugary. Drink now.
The first sniff and taste tell you this is an important wine, but also a very young, tannic one. It's the structure, and not just the ripe flavors, that's so impeccable, giving the wine its backbone and strength. But speaking of flavors, the wine is gigantic in black currants and blackberries. One hundred percent new French oak is completely in accord with the size. Drink now, with decanting, and through 2015 at least.
This blush wine will appeal to the Moscato crowd that likes sweet wines. With pretty pink and orange hues, its scoury bubbles frame flavors of honey, raspberry jam and yeast.
This is one of those Chards that's more Burgundian than Californian. There's a rich earthiness followed by a minerally date nut, dried pineapple and spiced apple character. In the end, there's enough acidity to suggest mid-term aging.
An elegant wine that is given weight by its rich black fruits and style by the balance between tannins and acidity. There is a fresh character to this bright and fruity wine at this stage. Give it 4–5 years and it will begin to develop secondary aromas. Drink from 2016.
This white blend offers a full nose of vanilla and spice, followed by full-bodied flavors that are both fruity and spicy. Pair with salads, cheeses or sip alone on a hot day.
Aromas of mature black-skinned berry, tobacco and dark spice lead the way. The rounded palate offers dried cherry, raspberry, coffee and a licorice note alongside velvety if not very persistent tannins. Showing the heat of the vintage, this is evolving quickly so enjoy over the next several years.
A very attractive and seductive Satén sparkler with plush notes of toasted almond, dried apple skin and poached pear. What really stands out is its texture in the mouth: fleshy, soft, round and extremely creamy. The foamy mousse is divine, like whipped cream. Imported by Wine Emporium.
Here's a good example of what's so disturbing about the rash of expensive Cabernets and blends that has possessed the minds of consumers. This is an awkward, cumbersome wine. Sure, the fruit is as ripe as anything on earth, but what good is extract if it doesn't have balance? The wine is excessively soft. It's cloying, and to add insult to injury, it's tannic. There are wines that cost one-fifth the price that are far better.
Has aromas of blackberries and plums, with an earthy note, and a medicinal streak. Flavors are fruity and it drinks dry, with an earthy roughness that time won't round out. Simple and pleasant.
This unusual and distinctive Zin has a silky texture and rich, finely ground tannins. The flavors range from classic black and red currants, mulberries, cloves and pepper to pastry flavors of coconut macaroon and fig cookie. Could easily develop over a decade.
From old vines planted on the Mayacamas Mountains, this Gewurz is pungent in lychee and grapefruit, a trace of pepper, ginger and clove hiding beneath the surface. Medium-bodied and dry, it offers a rich interplay between herb and spice plus freshness on the finish.
This hearty, juicy and full-flavored Malbec is noteworthy for its soft tannins and blackberry and vanilla flavors. It's a big wine, hearty and leathery, perfect for a fatty steak.
Coming from the cool 2011 vintage, this vineyard-designated wine doesn't seem entirely ripe, displaying notes of herbs, cranberry and red fruit. It's screamingly tart with moderate fruit flavors and abundant oak accents that lead to a warm finish.
This is one of those old-style field blend types of wines, with some other varieties besides Zin. A big, tannic, juicy, fruity wine, potent in jammy blackberry, blueberry, currant, dark unsweetened chocolate, coffee and pepper flavors that cry out for gilled beef, poultry or pork.
A blend of 65% Furmint and 35% Hárslevelu, this Hungarian white has aromas of apricot, peach and pear. In the mouth, there are flavors of canned peaches, fresh white peach and pear with a crisp finish.
Sexy, alluring notes of blackberry and blueberry cobbler, pastry spice and maduro carry onto the full-bodied palate. This Syrah feels polished and finessed, and it reveals a tapering black-raspberry note on the warm, muscular finish.
Coming from a vineyard named after the patron saint of night watchmen, this wine offers luxurious purple aromas of blackberry-vanilla sauce and dark chocolate. The palate is sticky and singing with coffee, milk chocolate and dried cherries, showing plenty of deep tannins and boisterous acidity that will make this bottling last a while.
There's a rustic quality to the tannins, which are chewy and stemmy and not quite ripe. They give a tough mouthfeel to the black cherry, black currant and caramelized oak flavors. Decant before serving.
This well-balanced, flavorful and medium-bodied wine will pair nicely with many different meat, poultry and pasta dishes without distracting from the food. It smells lightly spicy, tastes like raspberries and red cherries and has light tannins that add some needed grip.
Shows an aggressive, roasted set of aromas that feature leather, meat, olive and char. The palate is full and thick, with chewy, flat tannins and then herbal flavors that mute the wine's black fruit content. A good midlevel wine that delivers within its price range.
Bigtime Napa Cab blend with one-third Merlot. World class in aspiration, with well-ripened cassis flavors and a rich overlay of well-smoked, vanilla-tinged oak. Notable for its tannins, as fine, soft and complex as they come.
89-91 Barrel sample. Spice and sweet fruits, a delicious wine, already soft and approachable. Only a hint of tough tannin suggests aging.
Comes down on the austere side of Chardonnay, trading the modern flashy style for a sober, streamlined wine. It's bone dry and bright in acidity, with lemon, lime, honey and mineral flavors, touched with sweet oak. Expensive, but elegant and complex. Will challenge sommeliers to come up with the perfect pairing. Consider shellfish first.
Sweet, round aromas and a slight herbal note blend well in this lemon-lime and mineral-driven bubbly. Those mineral tones help achieve a very fresh and clean sensation in the mouth. Imported by Angelini Wine.
A great big burst of acidity marks this ripe wine, giving the cherry flavors the tart taste of jam. There are complicating notes of anise, pepper and rhubarb. Easy to drink now.
Beautifully perfumed, this has swathes of ripe cherry and plum, with a hint of wood aging. The balance is already well established, with a line of crisp acidity that sits behind the rich, sweet fruit. With its tannins, this needs to age for at least three years.
It opens with pretty aromas of red rose, wild cherry, leather, earth and balsamic notes. The palate delivers juicy black cherry accented with black pepper and licorice, with brawny, teeth-coating tannins. Drink 2016–2021.
Leaving aside the suggestive name and packaging, this is a very soft, almost pillowy-tender 80% Shiraz blend, with a fair bit of complexity. It starts with scents of hickory, cedar and vanilla, adds plum and black cherry fruit, then hints at espresso and black olive on the finish. Drink now.
From the producer's organic estate in Chiles Valley, Las Flores is a block named for the family who has long helped farm the land and that bursts in wild mustard every spring. In the glass, the wine offers grippy black pepper, black cherry and tobacco flavors—bold and juicy yet retentive in structure and graceful beauty.
Cherry aromas are firm and don't evolve much in the glass. This is intense on the palate, with strong acidity that lends tartness to sinewy plum and berry flavors. Minor accents of spice and toast finish with espresso bitterness. Drink through 2020.
The local version of the Spanish Tempranillo, this is a firm, but wood- tinged wine, a core of acidity and black skin flavors giving a dense concentration to the wine, and contrasting with the great finishing acidity.
This blend of fruit from Joey Tensley's home vineyard as well as his more recently acquired Colson Canyon Vineyard is a dark and brooding monster, with blueberry, black pepper, chocolate, tar and caramel on the nose. It's very full on the sip but not overripe, with flavors of seared meat, blackberry, pepper and purple flowers.
Purple in color and ultra rich, with aromas of shoe polish, crusty oak and dark fruit. This single-vineyard specimen is extremely bold but sort of generic. It's creamy and grabby in the mouth, with mocha and lactic notes on the finish. Bottom line: there's a lot of oak on top of standard fruit. Positive but hardly blows you away.
A zesty, vibrant Chard, filled with acids, with flavors ranging from ripe citrus to peach. There's very little oak, so the fruit and crispness star. Long, spicy finish, and terrifically food-friendly.
This wine hits the nose with red cherry vibrancy. That almost dramatic fruit also fills the palate with its easy juiciness. This may be simple and light, but its absolute fruitiness makes it great for summer sipping, especially with a slight chill.
This nonvintage Brut epitomizes the fruit of Pinot Meunier and the more structured character of Pinot Noir and Chardonnay. It is balanced, full of white fruit and touches of apricot, with a lively line of acidity. Drink this bottling now.
A wine that makes you take notice. The bouquet is intense, with minerality, char, huge black-fruit aromas and handsome shadings of chocolate and coffee. Power and purity come on like gangbusters, and the flavors are a classic mix of blackberry, cassis and fine Swiss chocolate. Heady, smooth and impressive. My highest rated wine yet from Carlos Pulenta's Vistalba label. Drink now through 2014. Composed of 87% Malbec with Bonarda and Cabernet Sauvignon.
This dusty, tannic wine from the Oak Knoll District is rich with cedar, graphite and herb notes that complement its black cherry fruit.
The vineyard has yielded generally good, rewarding Pinots for this Riboli-owned brand. The ‘05 is in that vein, a light-bodied, silky wine showing good varietal character, with cola, spicy cherry and rhubarb flavors. Drink now.
This dark, rich, earthy wine is notable for its ultrasoft but pleasing tannins. The fruit veers toward plum and blackberry, but it's not superfruity—rather, it's more restrained, with notes of sun-dried tomatoes and herbs. It turns a little thin on the finish, although there's plenty of spice. Best Buy.
Here is a lusciously concentrated and inky red packed tight with big flavor: plum, fruit preserve, spice, clove, cinnamon and nutmeg. It's sweet at the core with spice bread flavors in the mouth. Imported by Winebow.
Very tight yellow-pear-skin aromas meet with lemon rinds, scratched lime skin, fragrant wet clay and very pithy aromas on this intriguing bottling. Once sipped, the body is steely in acidity and texture, like licking gunmetal, with a warmer stone-fruit element arising in the midpalate. It's a very interesting wine that will appeal to savvy palates.
Stalky in scent, this is underwhelming on the nose. It feels adequate and solid, with basic raspberry, strawberry and spice flavors. Scratchy on the finish, with mild red-fruit flavors.
While the aromas of this young wine reveal considerable toast, on the palate the wine brings forward the ripe apricot and mango flavors to go with that wood. As it matures, these elements will coalesce with the taut, tense mineral texture into an superb, ageworthy terroir-driven wine.
This wine presents as elegant and remarkably earthy, laced in a distinct tartness of cranberry and citrus. Lighter styled, it is integrated in tannin and oak, allowing for a smooth texture.
It's all about acidity and long hangtime with this Chard. The acids come from chilly, foggy nights, the ripeness from long, warm, sunny days. What you get is oodles of bright, pure pineapple, Granny Smith apple, Meyer lemon and spicy clove flavor, with a touch of caramelized oak for richness.
This is a substantial, dense Syrah, which runs quickly from berries and cherries right into barrel flavors of chocolate and butterscotch. It's balanced and delicious, but does not have the complexity and more interesting earth/herb notes that the grape is capable of.
Intensely fruity, this delicious, ripe wine explodes with fresh acidity and fragrant fruitiness. Apricots, lemon and juicy apples give a fruit salad of flavors. Drink through 2015.
A zippy, energized sparkler, with lots of grilled brioche, melon and apple notes that linger nicely on the finish. Has solid length and definition along with a fine mousse. A winner all round. Drink now or hold several years for more complexity.
Full bodied and richly tannic, this gives lie to the notion that all Grenache-based blends are easy quaffers. Dried spices and mixed berries include hints of clove and cracked pepper, finishing with some dry, chewy tannins. The assemblage is 49% Grenache, 29% Shiraz and 22% Mourvèdre. Drink 2020–2030.
This light, bright and juicy wine from estate vineyards exalts in the goodness of red cherry and cola spice. Not fussy, the wine has medium body and acidity. It finishes clean and restrained on the palate, making for an easygoing quaff.
Very rich and ripe, marked by pure, intense flavors of cherries, blueberries and spicy cloves. It displays the balanced elegance and thoughtful winemaking of this winery. Young and juicy now, it should develop in the bottle for a year or two, but some sharpness in the finish will ultimately limit ageability.
Fans of great big wines will like it, but this Petite Sirah is unbalanced, with heat from high alcohol compounding the acidity, making the mouhtfeel prickly. The berry flavors are overripe, running into raisins and chocolate.
Leather and woody/smoky aromas blend well with core cassis and berry scents. The palate feels fresh and healthy, with cassis, raspberry, herb and olive flavors. Tones it down on the finish, which is dry and tastes of carob and minty green herbs.
At only 8.5% alcohol, this is on the racy, lean side, although there's sufficient residual sigar to balance the crisp acids. Aromas of lime and crushed stone give way to crisp fruit-driven flavors that artfully balance sweet and tart.
No stuffing here, just thin berry and cherry fruit and a quick hit of chocolate.
Ultraripe in pineapple, tropical fruit and oaky vanilla flavors, this white blend is almost as sweet as a dessert wine. It's fortunately balance with mouthwatering acidity.
Espresso bean, chocolate and mature blackberry shape a solid and dense wine that also boasts ethereal accents of licorice, cigar box, cedar and spice. The texture here is smooth, yielding but firm and the wine definitely leaves a long and delicious mark on the palate. Drink after 2015.
Dark berry, toasted hazelnut and menthol aromas lift out of the glass. The tightly wound palate is still rather closed and on the lean side in terms of fruit richness, but slowly reveals sour cherry, licorice and a note of ground pepper. A tannic backbone provides structure.
The aromas are unusual, with notes of mandarin orange, apricot, tin and herb. The palate is sweet and fleshy, showing a brightness of fruit flavor.
A new proprietary blend comprised of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot, this fruit-forward wine has a lot to like, blessed by soft layers of crème de cassis and a layering of nutmeg. Mouthfillingly juicy, with good length, it offers structure and approachability at a fair price.
As before, this is Weinbau vineyard fruit. The 2009 vintage seems to have presented some challenges, as the fruit flavors suggest uneven ripening, with a mix of tutti-fruity candy flavors along with some raisins. Tannins are smooth and there's a pleasing streak of graphite running through the finish. Drink soon.
Very dark and oaky, with lemon, bacon, charcoal and high-toned black fruit aromas. The palate is rich and warm, almost heavy, with intense blackberry, chocolate and figgy flavors. Shows very nice texture and size but also tips toward molten ripeness and heavy sweetness. Drink soon.
87–89. Barrel sample. With an attractive wood character and ripe black fruits, this is a perfumed wine that's warm, ripe, juicy and fruity.
This is a straightforward, clean, fruity wine, with a green apple flavor.
Smooth, perfumed and elegant, this Cabernet Franc-dominated wine has rounded tannins, layered acidity and a dark power of ripe tannins. It is both concentrated and fresh, a great combination.
Packaged in an elegant bottle with a squarish-squat shape, this pretty Rosé sparkler opens with aromas of Granny Smith apple, citrus and a touch of sweet peach. The perlage is tonic and steely and would pair with spicy Indian samosas.
Very light and mildly citrusy in aroma, this has notes of tangerine, lemon and air freshener. It feels basic but fresh, with tropical fruit flavors that are tangy and mildly bitter.
87-89 Barrel sample. Here's a big bruiser of a wine, almost northern Médoc, not Margaux, and surprising for d'Angludet. The dark tannins fight the huge fruit and, for now, it's hard to know which will win. One thing's for sure—this is immense.
Unfolding aromas of orange peel, honey, almond and spice are followed by spicy flavors of nuts, citrus and orange peel. A lingering finish seals the deal. A unique sip with a complex nature.
This blend of 80% Grenache, 10% Roussanne and 10% Clairette is medium-bodied and silky in texture. The nose features hints of crushed stone, underripe pear and melon, then fills out with slightly riper notes on the palate. Drink now.
Quite shy in aromas at first, the nose on this wine focuses on apple candies, lime blossoms and Anjou pear juice. The palate shows slightly sour apples and tangy lime juice, with a crisp pear backbone.
Produced from a parcel of old vines, this wood-aged wine has spice as well as white fruits and a touch of honey. It's a generous wine with its toast, almonds and rounded texture. The lightest touch of minerality gives structure and the potential to age. Drink now and until 2020.
Some oxygen exposure seems to peek through on the aromas along with notes of blue fruit and herbs. This wine is lightly flavored with a gritty feel to the tannins and the oak dialed back.
This wine's name translates to “cherry,” and cherries are in its aroma along with spice. The palate shows a juicy, forward fruity character, a tang of acidity and soft tannins. It's a fine wine, but not for long-term aging so drink now and over the next few months.
Indian Creek Garnet offers rich leather, spice and pepper on the nose and a balanced, savory blend of red fruit, pepper and warming spice on the palate. The tannins are smooth and the acidity good, though the wine could use food to soften its peppery character. Think spiced grilled ribs, burgers.
A firmly structured wine, its tannins well bedded into perfumed black plum fruits. It has juicy, fresh acidity over the rich fruits, giving brightness to an otherwise weighty wine.
Ripe and stocky upfront, this features raisin, jammy berry and spice aromas. It feels blocky, full and rubbery on the palate, with plum, blackberry and herb flavors that lose steam and turn more raisiny toward the finish.
Rocland puts out a number of inexpensive wines, but this is evidence that the company has quality aspirations as well. Filled with plum, blueberry, licorice and dried-spice notes, this is a reasonably full-bodied wine with a long, dusty finish that would pair nicely with steaks or roasts. Drink now–2018.
Rustic, with a spin of smoke, this red has a nose of green herbs, black cherry and smoke, and flavors of dried herb, red berry and tobacco. Masculine and focused, it's perfect for spicy meat dishes and stews.
Borgo Conventi (owned by Tuscany's Ruffino) brings us a creamy Pinot Grigio with rich nuances of citrus and passion fruits, mango and pineapple. The wine is perfectly round and proportionate in the mouth—it's light on the tongue yet dense and long-lasting.
The touches of wood aging are apparent in the almond and toasty edge to this perfumed wine. Quince and apricot fruit show strongly through the tight dry texture and minerality. It's a wine made to be drunk young with great fruit. Drink now.
The wow factor of this Merlot-based Bordeaux blend is undeniable. With the rest of the blend consisting of Cabernet Sauvignot and Petit Verdot, it's drinkable now, with notes of black currants, cherries, dark chocolate and oak. The tannins are gorgeous and the alcohol is high.
This is another impressive effort from Cogno, offering aromas of ripe dark-skinned fruit, fragrant flowers, underbrush and menthol. The firm, precise palate offers dried black cherry, cinnamon, anise, clove, cocoa and mineral set against a tannic backbone and brisk acidity. Give this time to develop even more complexity. Drink 2019–2031.
The heat of the Pfaffenberg vineyard shows strongly in this wine. This is a big, concentrated waft of yellow fruits, given some spice and finished with a tight pear skin texture. Worth aging, to bring the spice fully into balance.
Slightly overripe cherry, prune and raisin aromas lead to a full plump palate. This is dark, dense in body and moderate in terms of acidity and structure. Ripe berry flavors end loamy but short. Drink now. Tasted twice with inconsistent results—this note mostly reflects the better of the two wines tasted.
Light and bright, this has a crisp prickle on the tongue, along with canned grapefruit and tight apple-skin flavors. It is almost dry, which gives the wine a mineral texture that adds a bite. Drink now.
Heavy white-fruit aromas manage to stay fresh, while in the mouth this is ripe and chunky. Flavors suggest melon, creamy oak and banana. The finish is warm and sticky.
Lightly aromatic with notes of yellow apple, pear and melon. It drinks off dry, with the sugar seeming out of place but followed by an extended finish with clarifying acidity.
A rich and perfumed wine that brings out the violet aromas and juicy black currant fruits of the Touriga Nacional. It is rich, structured with a tannic dryness that is well balanced with the juicy, ripe black fruits. Drink this concentrated wine from 2018.
Aromas of toasted oak, green leaves, vanilla and spice waft from this medium-bodied North Carolina Bordeaux-style blend. The palate is ripe and plush with plenty of sweet dark cherry fruit, but there's a tinge of green in the backdrop. Tobacco, smoke and supple tannins on the finish add an edge to this otherwise soft sipper.
Based on Petite Sirah, with small amounts of Syrah and Grenache, this is a huge, fruity, extracted wine. It's explosive in raspberry and cherry jam flavor that's so ripe and pure, yet the finish is dry. The tannins are big and firm, making this wine perfect for a deliciously grilled steak, maybe finished with a Gorgonzola cheese sauce.
Given time to settle in both used French oak and stainless steel, this is a nice effort from a well-respected vineyard that's big and juicy in grapefruit and melon. Made in a lighter style, it offers a bite of oak on the finish, leaving a substantial impression.
Quite brambly and funky, with a roasted “country” quality that points it toward leather and rubber. An organic wine with 80% Tempranillo and 20% Garnacha; it's sort of tangy and choppy on the palate, with a mix of awkwardly sweet and sour flavors.
Distinctive stuff, featuring scents of sweet corn and passion fruit accented by hints of resin and mint, then more standard melon and passion fruit flavors on the palate. Medium-bodied, but this wine seems to grow in intensity and pungency on the finish.
Reserved, but with lovely aromatics, this Zin has tart dark-berry fruit and a slight nuttiness. Quite structured, this will benefit from a couple of years of cellaring.
The tannins are linear and direct in this otherwise fruity wine. Along with dark tannins, it is also rich with warm red fruits. The acidity still shows strongly and suggests that the wine needs time. Drink from 2020.
Stemmy, earthy aromas of cherry and hard spice lead to a rough palate with hard cherry and berry flavors. It blackens up on a pounding finish; this is edgy and rough stuff.
Heady notes of lychee dominate nose and palate. The mouthfeel is plump and rounded with a slick oiliness. With more air, some tangerine peel makes itself felt and stays pleasingly on the dreamy finish. Notions of candied tangerine linger long after the last sip.
Smells strange, as if juniper berries were blended with tomato and weedy red fruits. Scratchy and herbal in the mouth, with game and other oddball flavors. Finishes gummy and confected, with a final blast of green herbs and weeds.
A lightly funky whiff of the chicken yard underlies the aromatics, but for most tasters it will be an asset, as it does not block the pretty cherry fruit. These forward, appealing cherry flavors, matched to natural acidity and lengthened with that whiff of funk, make for a delicious and value-priced effort.
This is a sharp, tart Pinot, scented with pine needles and showing wild strawberry fruit flavors and plenty of sharp acidity. In the mouth the fruit also reveals a cherry candy core, pretty but brief, and quickly winds down through a citrusy finish.
Fragrant and floral, this blend of 55% Chardonnay, 30% Pinot Nero and 15% Pinot Bianco offers aromas of lemon blossom, white flowers and toasted almond. The palate shows an impressive depth of flavors, including yellow apple, lemon cream pie and peach alongside an elegant mousse. The creamy flavors are brightened by lively acidity.
Unusual in the Philipponnat range (normally dominated by Pinot Noir), this blanc de blancs is a blend of Chardonnays from the Côte des Blancs and from the Montagne de Reims. It is lightly toasty, dry and fresh with a creamy texture and white fruit flavors. It's ready to drink, very light, poised and crisp.
Opulent layers of quince, apple and tangerine seem to be glazed with honey­comb and smoke in this complex, textured wine. Dry in style, it's satisfyingly creamy on the palate, yet struck by a nervous edge of lime zest and lemony acidity. Drink now–2025 to allow its mineral complexities to deepen.
89-91. Barrel sample. This wine feels relatively light. It has juicy fruit and dark tannins, with a considerable note of new, smoky wood.
Dark and a touch murky, with earthy aromas of black cherry, leather and forest floor. The palate is well sized and feels healthy, while the flavors of plum and blackberry are slightly herbal. Shows pop, length and some bitterness on the finish. A regular wine for regular occasions.
Spicy, gritty cherry aromas are dry and hard, but honest and fresh. This Cab Franc has a narrow, tannic, punchy mouthfeel and oak-rich flavors of red plum and currant along with vanilla. The finish is lively at first then fades away quietly.
This fruity Petite Sirah has jammy flavors of blackberries, cherries, plums, currants and bacon, dusted with cocoa and black pepper. It shows the variety's strong tannins, but is soft in acidity. A nice, full-bodied wine to drink now with barbecue.
Tilled earth, blue flower, leather, blueberry and cured meat aromas jump out of the glass of this concentrated wine. The rich palate delivers black berry, licorice, chocolate, clove and black pepper alongside firm, chewy tannins. Drink 2016–2023.
This wine starts off herbal and earthy, with forward aromas of pepper, tree bark and cherry tree. The palate is rich and velvety, with ripe notes of raspberry, blackberry and plum. Dusty tannins provide a nice texture, while the medium-length finish boasts a spicy cocoa flavor.
91-93. Barrel sample. This is a big, concentrated wine that shows intensity of well-balanced tannins and juicy fruit. It's ripe, with obvious aging potential.
Appetizing crisp green apple and fresh Conference pear play on the nose of this wine. The palate is light, easy and fresh. Drink now, while the aromas are at their peak.
This straightforward white has a shy nose, while the lean, simple palate suggests green apple and lemon. Firm acidity gives it a crisp, refreshing finish.
An opening of spicy, borderline green and minty aromas announce a wine from a cool vintage. Freshness on the palate provides a racy quality, but more depth would be nice. Flavors of wild berry and oak finish sweet, with a slight sticky quality.
Made entirely from Nebbiolo, this boasts finesse and structure. Aromas of rose and red berry carry over to the palate alongside bright cherry and yeasty notes of baked bread. Crisp acidity generates freshness, while the elegant perlage gives a silky texture. It finishes bone-dry. Oliver McCrum, Volio Vino.
Fine floral wine, the perfumes giving a further lift to the already fresh melon and lime fruits. There's an attractive chewy structure from apple skins, finishing with the crispest acidity.
This complex, spicy-herbal wine is also well-fruited, with a core of ripe black cherries. Anise and thyme notes mingle easily on the nose, while the medium-bodied palate eases into a long, supple finish. Drink now and over the next few years.
Run, don't walk, to find this amazingly priced Cabernet. It's so good and rich, it easily holds its own against Cabs costing five times as much. Dry and smooth in tannins, it offers a burst of blackberry, black cherry, cassis and chocolate flavors, with a wonderful coating of oak. Drink now–2013.
This blend of Grenache and Syrah is spicy and bold on the nose, yet medium-bodied and surprisingly fresh on the palate. The flavors of plum and garrigue persist on the finish, picking up a touch of cracked pepper.
Hints of sweet pastry introduce this bright, summery Merlot sparkling. Fun and fizzy, it fills the palate with rich, creamy mousse and sweet-tart strawberry-yogurt flavor.
This is well-made in a classic Oregon mold, which is to say, putting plenty of herbal highlights into the mix. There are light red fruits in abundance as well, and the flavors meld well through a medium-long finish.
This succulent blend of Covina (94%) with tiny percentages of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot delivers bold intensity and rich aromas of black fruit such as cherry, plum and prune. It shows medium intensity in the mouth with a clean, fruit-driven fade.
From the Setúbal Peninsula, this 100% Periquita is bright and cherry-laden. Soft and velvety in texture, yet with sufficient acidity to accompany food. Be forewarned: There are some nasty bottle stinks that warrant decanting prior to serving. Best Buy.
The weaknesses of this wine are excessively evident alcohol and extracted berry fruit that make it taste jammy and sweet. But it's a good example of the ultraripe Paso style, with supporting acidity and tannins, and a high drinkability factor.
Classic Viognier, with enormously attractive pineapple, mango, peach and honeysuckle flavors and a rich honeyed finish, and the wine is dry and crisp. There's a voluptuously creamy texture that makes it especially attractive.
This expression of the Friulano variety (one of the most traditional grapes of northeast Italy) offers measured aromas of peach, pear and passionfruit. The wine is spicy and dense and exhibits a creamy mouthfeel that would work with spicy fried chicken wings.
Earthy tones of white truffle and moist tobacco open the nose of this Barolo from the Sorano cru. There are some ripe fruit aromas of plum and prune as well and the wine fades slowly with a long, dusty finish.
Dry and balanced, this Cabernet comes from warmer parts of the Central Coast, where Cabernet gets ripe. The wine is full-bodied and savory in blackberries, currants and cedar. Shows lots of class and harmony.
A bit fleshy and melony on the nose, and also flowery. The palate has a full feel despite present acids, and the apple and citrus palate is clean and slightly green. Shows all the basics on a sweet, soft frame.
Compost aromas and a clunky feeling palate get this off on the wrong foot. Flavors of burnt berry fruit and sweetness fail to impress. This shows hardly any snap on a cloying finish.
Still young with delicious tangy acidity, bright fruit and intense acidity, this is a crisp wine. It has some weight and some concentration while focusing on total freshness. The zesty, mineral texture works well and will develop. Drink from 2016.
Hailing from one of the state's premier Syrah sites, this wine leads with aromas of berry, coffee, chicory and violets. The flavors are supple, backed by lightly grainy tannins.
A touch of smoked pork meets with red cherries, cola and black licorice on the nose of this small-batch wine out of Templeton by Will Persall. Bacon fat and blackberry-maple syrup flavors make for a delicious palate, with lots of lively acidity that gives balance and keeps the tongue tingling.
This wine opens with very flinty aromas of struck graphite and pencil shavings, with touches of fermenting orange and cranberry. It's light in weight but darkly flavored on the palate, with slate and clove spice.
It's hard to get very excited about this wine because it's so average and common. It smells weakly of lemons, and the citrus flavors are watery and thin. It's dry and although there's some good acidity, it feels flat in the mouth. That says it all.
Made 100% from Pinot Noir, this bubbly has an orange copper color, and is full-bodied and dry. The flavors are of raspberries, strawberries and yeast, and the all-important mousse is refined. A little eccentric, but try it with sushi.
Made entirely with Merlot, the shy nose eventually reveals notes of black-skinned fruit and clove. The dense palate delivers cedar, espresso and leather alongside gripping tannins.
The aromas of melon, crème brûlée and baked apple are fresh and inviting. The palate brings sweet, elegant stone-fruit and kiwi flavors that extend through the finish.
Still young and firm, this wine gives indications of potential fruitiness along with a structure that promises concentration. Layers of black fruits and acidity need time to integrate fully with the dark structure and dense texture. Wait to drink this wine for a few more years, at least until 2018.
Made with Bordò (a biotype of Grenache) in limited case production, Kupra is a special wine that is clearly designed to showcase the potential of winemaking in the Marche, Central Italy. The wine is crisp, clean and elegant with a long assembly of aromas that span from cherry and cinnamon to crushed white stone and white pepper. The close is smooth and elegant.
Similar to Macindoe's Willamette Valley bottling, this shows light berry flavors and a hint of chocolate, then fades quickly into a flat finish.
Opens with generic white-fruit aromas that are fresh and flowery but not specific. The palate is round, a bit spritzy in feel, and minerally, with lime and melon flavors. A basic white wine but for $10 that's the ticket.
Gran is a step up from Mora's crianza. The nose deals marzipan, blackberry, raisin and chocolate aromas in front of a smooth, layered palate with toasted berry, vanilla and chocolate flavors. There's a ton of oak on this wine, creating a vanilla and caramel character on the finish. Drink now through 2017.
Soft, easy and well-made, this wine is quite sweet, but pleasant, with apple blossom and ripe pear aromas and flavors of apples, pears and apricot.
Light in color and style, this wine seems more similar to a Pinot Noir than a Merlot. There's no apparent oak influence to interfere with the notes of ash, red currant, saline and bell pepper that are supported by a light grip of tannins.
Red wine doesn't get much smoother—and values in Pinot Noir don't get much better—than this. The wine has attractive red- and black-cherry aromas, a sense of richness on the palate and a silky mouthfeel that's hard to resist. Subtlety and restraint keep this wine from tiring the taste buds.
Named after the famed vineyard's south-facing slopes, this vintage is expertly crafted, with aromas of ripe red cherry, sandalwood, black pepper, graphite, purple flowers and damp pine needles. It's complex, with dark red fruit and tickling cardamom spice set against fine-grained tannins. Quite precise and tight now, the violet and rose petal elements will expand beautifully with time, so drink 2019–2025.
This aromatic wine is lovely on the nose with notes of red cherries and blossoms. It's dry in style but lusciously textured with a palate that intensifies and ripens with black plum and cherry flavors. Finishes long with a spray of delicate florals.
Uriah is Spring Valley's Right Bank-style blend, with Merlot and Cabernet Franc sharing the lead. It's lively and fine-tuned, with a lovely mix of red fruits, spices, and fresh acidity. It spent 21 months in 65% new French oak, to good effect.
Complexity in terms of both fruit flavors and oak-induced spices make this wine fun to taste. It has light baking-spice aromas, ripe fruit flavors like black cherry, and a lightly tannic texture.
Hints of green Conference pear with even gentler notes of aloe vera make for an inviting nose. The palate is tight, concentrated and linear, but still full of charm. At the core a very refreshing citrus zestiness radiates. A very elegant wine.
Very citrusy and lifted, forward, scented with orange and lemon peel, cranberry and orange flesh. Unique and persistent, the orange peel character continues all the way through.
Varietally correct, with familiar prickly aromas along with citrus and sweat. It's pretty much all you could ask for at under $10, and with honest lemon and pineapple flavors its committed and alive. Good mouthfeel with grab and body only secures its standing as a white wine Best Buy.
This tasty wine opens with savory scents of herb-speckled cranberries and red currants. It's a tight and tangy wine, that comes alive with aggressive aeration. Drink now through 2020.
When Cosentino's clarets hit the mark, they're darn near as good as anything in the valley. This blend of Cabs Sauvignon and Franc and Merlot is wickedly good. There's a ton of oak, but it's just the perfect touch. Tastewise, it's black currants, crème de cassis and sweet Asian spices. So soft and forward; drink now.
It's tough to find good inexpensive Sangiovese, but this one fits the bill. Plum and black cherry aromas and flavors are followed by a somewhat hard, unyielding green-tobacco finish that's sure to cut through the mozzarella at your favorite pizza joint.
This hot and heavy wine by Michael Gill is probably passing its peak right now, but it currently offers tobacco, stewed prunes and balsamic-glazed beef aromas. The flavors are a bit oxidized, which gives a nutty milk chocolate and brownie flavor, but the acidity and tannins are falling out. Drink now or the score drops dramatically.
Almost red in color, with sweet, juicy aromas of red fruits that bring to mind Beaujolais Nouveau. The palate is fairly unctuous for a rosado, with thick flavors of red apples, berry pie and sweet butter. For a fuller-bodied dry pink wine, it's pretty hefty stuff.
Soft and easy Pinot Noir, with pleasant flavors of mocha-almond, raspberry granola, cinnamon, vanilla and sandalwood. Has a nice, silky texture and a spicy finish.
Raisin and baked plum aromas set the stage for a somewhat flat-feeling palate. Plum and berry aromas are chunky and finish soft, with low acidity and not a lot of pop.
Smoky, cedary notes nicely complement the blueberry fruit in this McLaren Vale Shiraz. It's pretty full on the palate, with a slightly syrupy texture that extends the flavors through a mouthwatering finish. Drink now-2012.
Offering a spicy, creamy view of Grüner, this is a well-rounded, rich, white fruit-flavored wine. The acidity is a thought in the background initially, but then gives the wine a final, light lift. Screwcap.
A perfumed wine, deliciously accessible now. The damson and red plum fruits push through a light tannic core. It's a wine with a pure Pinot character, very linear and ready to drink.
While Petit Manseng is famed for producing late-harvest dessert wines in southwestern France, this bottling is a table wine, featuring a slight edge of sweetness and a richly textured palate. It's intense and exotic, with tropical notes of papaya, pineapple and apricot preserve, offset by a nutty edge.
A tiny bit earthy and peppery, with solid berry fruit aromas. The palate is sappy and medium-weight, with red-fruit flavors dominated by raspberry. Shows a touch of mocha/chocolate on a dry, basic finish. Imported by Bourgeois Family Selections.
Drying, dusty white stone characterizes the nose of this luminous sparkler, which is informal and fun and perfect as an aperitif. The wine segues into creamy peach, backed by thick, frosty foam.
Quadrimendo is almost too much of a good thing, with thick layers of Indian spice, cinnamon, vanilla, toast, cola, prunes, plums and blueberries. It's concentrated and ripe but its structure is light enough for easy food pairing.
Starts with coffee and burnt toast, and next comes deep blueberry, black plum and spice flavors. Begins racy on the palate and then mellows into cushy softness. Good in its depth of flavor, with chewy tannins.
Made from Sangiovese and a bit of Colorino, this has an earthy nose of truffle and underbrush, with a hint of iris and a whiff of leather. Reflecting the forward nature of the vintage, the palate is soft and warm, with sweet wild cherry, plum and round tannins. Drink soon.
A family estate just outside Aix-en-Provence has produced a textured and dense wine. It has great fruitiness along with a spice and pepper character that brings out a more complex side. It's definitely for food.
Smoky, meaty and spicy, this wine boasts plenty of oak influence. The red berry fruit is somewhat subdued, with the flavors centered on earth and spice. Though lean, the mouthfeel is admirably silky, and pretty cranberry shadings appear on the finish.
Herb, toasty oak, mineral and berry aromas precede a snappy, crisp sort of palate that's showing mostly herbal, toasty flavors of red berry and plum. The wine is good but regular in its approach, with a dry, peppery finish.
As the label says, the wine is off dry, but with its great, refreshing acidity, it is also crisp and fruity. Baked apples and citrus flavors mingle with a lightly mineral texture to give a lively, fragrant wine. Drink now.
Cabernet Franc (36%) and Merlot (35%) make up the majority of this blend, with the rest Cabernet Sauvignon. It's locked-up at present with high-toned aromas of dried herbs and flowers along with cranberry and cherry. The dense, dark cherry flavors and firm, chalky tannins are tightly coiled, needing significant time to unwind. It will be best after 2019.
Good acidity and a firm minerality provide the backbone to this citrus and tropical fruit-flavored wine. But it's too sweet, turning cloying after the first sip.
Lemon shave ice and hints of white peach make for crisp, clean, and pinpoint precision on the nose, which trends toward ripe with a butter element in the background. The palate shows citrus energy, from salty lemons to lime zest, with a touch of browned butter and cream throughout the sip.
Floral scents of wisteria and hawthorn mingle with white stone-fruit aromas. On the creamy, rather sweet palate, bright acidity lifts green apple, white peach and candied lemon peel while a confectionery note wraps around the finish. It's polished, with a silky mousse.
A red-mauve in color, this bottling shows pomegranate, watermelon, strawberry paste and brioche on the nose. It's a rich style of rosé, with strawberry, cherry and red-plum fruit lifted by clove spice and a strong acidity.
Green and yellow pear notes play on nose and palate. The rounded palate shows some definition, with an enlivening vein of freshness. This wine is easy and dry, with a clean and lasting finish.
Bold aromas of black plum, licorice and chocolate mark the nose, with accents of turmeric and dried herb adding interest. This medium- to full-bodied Bordeaux-style red blend is confident and muscular, bearing toasty and chocolaty flavors. The finish is warm, structured and enduring.
Ponzi makes very little Riesling, which is a shame, because this is a big, full-bodied, leesy, mineral-soaked mouthful of fresh, zesty flavor. Whole cluster pressed, stainless steel fermentation, and 13% alcohol, it's a wine to gulp down by the glass. Pure pleasure.
It flatters with ripe apricot, orange, lime and papaya flavors, enhanced with oak and brightened with acidity. Bone dry on the finish, it has a firm edge of minerality.
A vegetal note drags down the enjoyment. On the plus side, the wine is nice and silky, with good acidity and raspberry, cherry and fig flavors. But that tug of asparagus is a problem.
Sweet aromas of white peach entice one into this lively wine, a profile that carries through to the delicate palate. A refreshing apéritif that finishes dry, the wine is light in alcohol and body.
Smoke, flint, mature stone fruit, dried sage and honey aromas come together in the glass. The delineated palate shows nice depth, offering yellow apple, candied citrus zest, apricot and mineral balanced by bright acidity.
Here's a wine with the polished features of a nice Saint-Julien. Opens with refined aromas of cedar and cassis, then turns complex in the mouth, with cherry, raspberry, spice and oak flavors. Feels too soft for cellaring, though.
Dark, smoky aromas have high-toned black cherry fruit underneath. On the palate, the smoke and black cherry continue, on a rather slight, feminine frame. A wine that will complement, not overpower, food.
Fresh red fruit flavors are framed with interesting and lifting notes of savory herbs, whole tobacco leaf and a touch of milk chocolate. It's juicy and lively with fine tannins and a mouthwatering finish.
This is yet another wine from the Santa Carolina portfolio that shows vast improvement over previous vintages. The nose offers perfectly nice and easy raspberry and cherry aromas, and there's nothing off about the palate, which gives warm black cherry, plum and buttery flavors that morph into cocoa on the finish.
This stainless-steel fermented wine, from several different Willamette Valley vineyards, reaches a surprising 15.5% alcohol, and tastes like it. There is a sharpness to the flavors that, despite the wine's being somewhat chilled, comes across as alcoholic heat. It's varietal and tastes of fresh fruit, but has some high-toned volatility as well.
A feral, somewhat sauvage aroma of pungent earth opens this wine, followed by notes of bay leaf and mint. Spicy and vibrant in red fruit, it is buoyed and balanced by acidity that keeps this full-bodied wine from ever seeming weighed down. This wine also offers good value.
Certainly an attractive presentation with its cute pink heart on the label, this is also an attractive, finely structured wine which brings together some good tannins and ripe fruits, a hint of licorice and fresh acidity.
While this wine is dry, it offers good fruit weight that will fill out as it matures. It has a smoky character with juicy red-berry fruits in the background. Drink from 2020.
Caramel and butter dominate the flavor mix, imparting the suggestion of movie popcorn and buttered toast, partially balanced by crisp pineapple and citrus fruit.
91-93 Barrel sample. Firm in character, but still there is plenty of juicy Merlot, pricked with toast and baked plums. The acidity is intense.
Smooth, lush blackberry, blueberry and pastry aromas cue up a fully tannic but well-balanced palate. This wine tastes toasty, chocolaty and peppery, with underlying ripe blackberry fruit. A minty, toasty finish runs chocolaty and long, with no let up. Drink through 2022.
Simple but satifisfying, this wine exhibits good fruit, pretty aromatics and a spicy kick. It's a little out of focus and lacks acidity, but overall, this is a pleasing everyday white.
Completing and complementing the winery's extensive portfolio of Pinot Gris, this is the only one that spends time in barrel. As a note to its uniqueness, the King Estate name is intentionally printed upside down on the label. Though there are no intrusive oak-dominated flavors, the technique definitely softens and smooths the wine, eliminating some of the aromatic details and much of the tang. It's ready to drink: lightly toasty, with pleasant apple and pear flavors.
This expression of Carricante shows a bright future for this native Sicilian grape. It opens with a drying mineral note, followed by citrus, almond, peach and white flower accents.
L'Attitude needs a warm vintage to succeed, and it got one in '04. The wine, a blend of Carignane, Syrah and other Rhône reds, is dry and complicated, offering rich, earthy, Provençal herb flavors with fruitier tastes of cherries, blackberries and cola. Notable for balance, elegance and power. Drink now through 2010.
This is a common wine, somewhat unripe, and with green tannins. It has flavors of sour cherry candy, with a tart finish.
This earthy expression of Cannonau opens with aromas of charred topsoil, baked plum, ground pepper and a whiff of wild game. The palate offers ripe black cherry, fig, clove, leather and licorice alongside firm tannins.
This pure Cabernet is a stubborn beast—a full 24 hours after being opened it was still shut down tightly, almost as if bottle shocked. Just a hint of leather in the nose, with extremely compact black fruits and firm tannins.
Fresh, ripe and fruity, this has bright acidity and a tangy, lemon and orange zest texture. Attractive strawberry flavors come along with a touch of vanilla. Drink now.
This Brunello offers bright aromas with lively cherry, cola, humus, dark spice and pipe tobacco, as well as savory tones of beef bresaola and even a touch of white peppercorn. Impressive complexity. Elegant and streamlined on the close.
Gillmore is one of the Maule Valley's top producers of Carignan. This warm-vintage offering smells of cedar, balsamic notes, spice and dark fruits. In the mouth, it's a touch choppy, while salty plum, fresh tomato, herb and spice flavors end long, spicy and oaky. Drink through 2021.
There's a chalky power to the nose of this lightly hued wine, its baking soda aromas melding with rose petal, lime peel and watermelon scents. There's tremendous tension to the palate, where bubblegum and ambrosia melon flavors meet limestone-like minerality. Ripe enough to make it playful, it's bright enough to drink all day.
This has a dark, inky appearance and bright aromas of red fruit, black cherry, wild mushroom and licorice. It tastes succulent and slightly sweet with a rich, chewy quality of tannin.
This is rich and rounded, touched by a note of vanilla that softens the natural texture and acidity. It's ripe yet still with refreshing, with juicy acidity on the finish. Age this for a year for even better drinkability.
From vines planted in 1999, this nicely oaked effort shows full ripeness without sacrificing details of forest and mushroom. Cherry cola, iron ore and a palate-pleasing dose of barrel toast all contribute to the lengthy finish.
Made from native grape Molinara, this opens with aromas that recall red cherry and a whiff of hay. The palate offers wild strawberry, crunchy apple, pink grapefruit and white almond alongside lively acidity.
At this price, and with wide availability, this is a great Cabernet for everyday consumption. It's dry, tannic and rich in black currants and oak, with a brisk edge of acidity to cut through oily beef and cheeses. Production was 43,200 cases.
This focuses on the Wadensvil clone, and seems almost spritzy—it's definitely a tongue-tickler. Cherry cola flavors highlight sweet, primary fruit. Refreshing, though probably best enjoyed within the first couple of years.
What a big, dark, rich wine this is. It's classic California Barbera, dense in tannins and loaded with deep, hearty blackberry and plum flavors, with a touch of sweet raisin in the finish. Drink this rustic wine with robust fare, or after dinner with blue cheese and walnuts.
This is a beautifully fragrant Pinot Grigio, with a sharp, tangy, brightly-acidic finish. It's characterized by peach, melon and citrus and the high alcohol does not go totally unnoticed.
Toasty oak and rich crème caramel are top of mind in this estate-grown wine, sourced from two distinct blocks on property planted to Clone 4, as well as the Platt Wente Clone. Together they combine to offer an intensity of body and texture, finishing softly in citrus and red apple.
Matching tart red fruit to the vineyard's characteristic gun-metal minerality, the wine cloaks itself in a light coat of ash and stone. Crisp acidity puts a tight focus on the stylish, resonant finish. Delicious now, it's built to age. Drink now–2030.
Smoky tar and oak meet baked huckleberry in this soft, textured and lengthy wine from this great family of grape growers. Moderate acidity allows for a ripe, full-bodied expression of the variety.
Big and fruity, this is a ripe, full wine that shows good structure and dark berry fruits. It has a fine juicy potential, fine acidity and a perfumed aftertaste. Drink from 2019.
Given the high level at which Rioja is running these days, this green wine with aromas of pole beans and tobacco ash just isn't up to standards. Balance and elegance are nowhere to be found.
This is a likably round, approachable and affordable varietal wine, blended with small amounts of Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Malbec and Petit Verdot. Sage, blackberry and mocha dot the landscape of a rugged, succulent bounty, finishing with power and concentration.
Opens with heat and brambly, scratchy aromas of black cherry. The palate is round if a bit sticky, with sweet, candied berry flavors. Round, sticky and sweet as well on the finish, with vanilla notes.
Opening with a pretty honeysuckle nose, this Viognier is completely in balance, with layers of lime and pineapple and restrained weight. Enjoy with Thai papaya salad or ceviche.
Seductive perfume suggest fronds of jasmine, ivy, mandarin and perhaps an edge of pink grapefruit. The playfulness of this citrus feast fizzes away and excites both nose and palate. It has all the effortlessness that comes with years of practice.
Roughly 50/50 Roussanne/Marsanne, this barrel-aged blend registers just 11% alcohol. Yet, it remains quite dry, with a soft, buttery mouthfeel that suggests it went through complete malolactic fermentation. Thin hints of melon and citrus are more or less buried in the buttery flavors.
Shows the strong acidity of Foursight's new Pinot Noirs, but also considerable deepth and lushness. Once the mouth adjusts to the acids, it's able to appreciate waves of cherries, blackberries, currants and cola, while 50% new oak adds rich notes of smoke and burnt butter. A lovely, dry and impressive wine, fine now with an hour or two in the decanter.
Light and bright, this is a perfumed wine. Its very present acidity is underpinned by spice, red-currant fruits and a tangy, tangerine aftertaste. Drink now.
Simple and airy on the nose, with melon, apple and citrus notes. It's spritzy, healthy and citrusy in the mouth, with comfortable, familiar pineapple and melon flavors. Holds steady on the finish. Very nice for immediate drinking.
This oak-aged Barbera has a darkly concentrated ruby color, with savory aromas of cured bacon and barbecue spice. A sour cherry note and bright acidity appear on the rich finish.
Concentrated olallieberry and black plum meld with leather and lilac scents on the nose of this blend of 50% Mourvèdre, 33% Grenache and 17% Syrah. Round and ripe blueberry, black currant and kirsch-like fruits show on the palate, but floral aspects, grippy texture, peppery spice and vibrant acidity take it to the next level.
Lots of blackberry, plum, currant and oak flavors in this classic Bordeaux blend. It's so ripe, it's almost sweet, except that the finish is thoroughly dry, with a stimulating scour of tannins and citrusy acids. Right now it's direct and not very complex, leading to the question of ageability. All indications are that it's not a wine you want to cellar, so drink up.
Lots of tough, old-fashioned tannins on this pugnacious young Cabernet. While it has a good core of blackberries and currants, it's pretty brutal on the palate. Hard to tell if the fruit will outlast the astringency. Try after 2018.
Sumptuous red cherry and berry notes are accented with hints of clay and tomato leaf on this rich, spicy, judiciously oaked wine. It's powerful on the palate with intense black cherry flavors and fine tannins on the finish.
Soft and thick in the mouth, even heavy, with ripe pie-filling flavors of blackberries and cherries that finish sweet.
Lime and lemon notes waft on the nose of this slightly off-dry Riesling, accenting flavors of apple and pear. It's a bit dainty in profile, but refreshing on the palate with a hint of dried herb and brisk lime acidity.
This clean-tasting, nearly neutral-flavored wine is dry and medium bodied. Traces of cucumber and white pepper can be detected with effort, but it mostly offers just simple refreshment.
A juicy, spicy wine, packed with open, generous black fruits. The blend of Castelão and Trincadeira gives blackberries, some raisins and a smooth chocolate underlay.
Molamatta is a very successful blend of some of Friuli's best varieties— Friulano, Ribolla Gialla and Pinot Bianco—that earns high praise for both aroma and mouthfeel. Citrus, pear, peach and almond nut notes are backed by a dense, creamy texture.
This is so succulent you'll want to finish the entire bottle with a great steak or chop. It explodes in the mouth with a sunburst of cherries and raspberries, spiced with cinnamon, smoky oak and orange zest. This is one of Handley's best in years.
Structured and elegant, it opens with a fruit fragrance of black plum, wild berries and prune accentuated with hints of leather, tilled soil and spice. The juicy palate delivers wild cherry layered with cinnamon, white pepper and carob alongside big, velvety tannins. Delicious now, it will also develop complexity. Drink now–2022.
Minerally and firm on the nose, it bursts with blackberry and plum aromas. In the mouth, this is lively and medium bodied, while nice acidity allows it to roll over the palate while showing earthy flavors of black fruits and rubber. A saucy, leathery, meaty-tasting finish is friendly in feel.
Black currant-dominated wine, all fresh juicy fruit along with balanced dry tannins. The wood is there, with subtle hints of black fruits and acidity.
From a small estate of only 10 acres, this wine with its 60% Merlot is fruity with just the right amount of tannins. It has red fruit and crisp acidity along with a dry edge. The wine is likely to age quickly, so drink from 2019.
A good Zinfandel, dry and a little rustic. With edgy tannins, it has berry, cherry, spice, tobacco and sandalwood flavors, with a long, sweet finish.
The reserve is bottled only in 375-ml bottles, and in extremely limited quantities. The extra ripeness is evident in both the alcohol content and the overall mouthfeel. For some tasters it will push this ahead of the regular Wy'east, though some detail is sacrificed along the way. Dense, almost chunky, it brings big bites of chocolate and nougat along with solid flavors of cherry cola. Drink now through 2020.
Overripe notes of raisins and prunes detract from this wine's enjoyment. Its tannins are augmented by a hint of bitterness and it's a bit hot on the finish, but a juicy cheeseburger will resolve any of these problems.
Black currant and cherry flavors, accented with a touch of smoky oak, mark this dry, smooth wine. It has the textural hallmarks of the best of Napa Valley Cabernet, but lacks the richness. Drink now.
The alcohol is nearly 16%. Yikes! And it shows, with a hot mouthfeel and a glyceriney sweetness. Too bad, because the underlying wine, with cherry, cola, cedar and spice flavors, seems fine.
A lush blend of 62% Cabernet Sauvignon and 38% Shiraz, this is full bodied and a bit jammy at this stage, full of primary blueberry and blackberry fruit framed with cedary oak. The potent finish lingers, suggesting the potential to cellar through 2020 if you have the patience to wait for a more complex, integrated wine. If not, just pop and pour for the upfront fruit.
Sharp acidity doesn't get in the way of this wine's complex body and length, accenting the crisp fruitiness of lemon peel, grapefruit and white peach. Light-bodied and refreshing, it'll stand up to food as well as work as an apéritif all on its own.
Dark and minerally, with black fruits, char and power on the nose. The palate is fresh and grippy, with integrated cassis, berry and herb flavors. Dry and lightly herbal on the finish, which is long and solid. A very nice blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Carmenère, Cab Franc and Petit Verdot.
A good, everyday Zinfandel, robust in blackberry, raisin and chocolate flavors, wrapped into firm tannins. With its sweet finish, it will be a good companion to tomato-based barbecue.
Would have benefited from being held back a year or so longer before release, but you can compensate by cellaring it. Dry, very full-bodied for a Pinot Noir and rich in tannins, it shows robust blackberry and black cherry flavors. Should mellow and improve after 2015 or so.
With a new focus on single-vineyard Pinot, Amity's Myron Redford has selected his favorite sites and given them a snazzy new label while improving what's in the bottle. This is still sharp, edgy and showing some green tea flavors, but the cherry tobacco aromas add a Chianti-like elegance, and the wine shows good definition and length.
Aromas of wild berry, espresso, dark spice and French oak take center stage while the firmly structured palate delivers raspberry jam, licorice, tobacco and coffee along with a slightly green note of powdered sage. Assertive fine-grained tannins provide an austere backbone. Drink 2019–2027.
With a pretty peach-blush color, this shows a fine balance, as the crisp acidity tones down the forward fruit flavors. The dosage gives a honeyed edge to the strawberry, cherryskin, peach, green apple, crème brûlée and brioche flavors.
With quite low alcohol (12.7%), this Gewürz has a little residual sugar, giving it a rich edge of honey. That's the perfect counterpoint to the pineapple, peach, lychee and Indian spice flavors that are so savory and crisp. Great buy in this exotic variety.
92-94 Barrel sample. Spice and ripe fruits are the main characters of this wine, which shows the results of the considerable investment that has gone into this estate. Impressive and modern in style, but still keeping its harmony.
This nicely crafted Syrah is sourced from the Lewis, Porteuss, and Sundance vineyards. The barrel regimen was 25% new and 100% French, with minimal racking, unfined and unfiltered. Flavors are compact, a classic mix of wild berry, loam, seaweed and bitter herb. Not for fruit hounds, but detailed and deep.
Here's a structured red with lots of finesse. It opens with alluring aromas of fragrant blue flowers, red berries, baking spices and exotic herbs while the firm, vibrant palate delivers black cherry, crushed raspberry, clove, orange zest, licorice and a sprinkling of white pepper. It's still young but well balanced, with tightly woven but polished tannins and fresh acidity. Drink 2017–2024.
This wine hails from a new vineyard region high above famed Seven Hills. Baking spice, cocoa and herb aromas are followed by focused black-fruit flavors, with espresso and vanilla notes that linger. It captures the attention.
A rich white wine, its toast character submerged in a generous peach and apricot ripeness. There is an attractive lemon zest acidity to give a bright shot through all the richness. Worth aging 2–3 years.
A rich, creamy wine loaded with toasted almond, vanilla cookie, bright melon and apple, and hints of white peach—there is a lot going on here. The acids sharpen up the fruit flavors, and the wine has a clean edge, along with expressive barrel flavors.
This blend of Pinot Noir and Chardonnay is orange in color and smells neutral except for a note of orange peel. On the palate, this has a grabby skins-driven texture. Short flavors of stone fruits are chunky and clunky. Other than having a mild flavor of nectarine, the finish is neutral.
With its dryness and firm tannins, there's lots of structural integrity in this Cab. New oak adds the right suggestions of toast and wood spices. It's an elegantly streamlined wine whose nuanced berry, cherry and currant flavors won't overwhelm a beautiful cut of beef.
Here's a good, everyday Cab if you're looking for a bargain. It's dry, tannic and earthy, with suggestions of currants and oak.
Opens with aromas of red plums, cedar, leather and meat. Flavors of dark cherry and earth, and a light, bright mouthfeel follow. Finishes dry and even with soft tannins, dark fruit and chocolate.
A fine expression of Washington Syrah, this is a lighter style, and therefore more detailed with subtle notes of herb, citrus, earth, tart berries and more. There is plenty of acidity, the tannins are polished into the background, and the barrel notes bring in mocha and milk chocolate flavors. Accessible and elegant, this is a fine value.
This bright Dolcetto from Renato Ratti opens with a dark, inky color and well concentrated fruit aromas of blueberry and cherry. Those big fruit tones are enhanced by the wine's full color and polished finish. Very nice and well priced too.
Offers a bouquet of pear and anise, plus an earthy floral note. Richer flavors of apple and quince follow, with lime and toast accents. Displays a good acid spine and some class, finishing even and dry. This wine has nice parts.
This wine from Melini is maturing nicely and seems to be in perfect drinking form. It's a blend of 70% Cabernet and 30% Sangiovese, and it shows patented dried-fruit, leather and caramel aromas, a peppery, cherry palate, and some light oak on the finish. A hefty tannic structure is keeping this wine from fading, but get after it sooner rather than later.
This concentrated wine is solid with tannins. The fruit is evident from the fine acidity and hints of black plum that push through the wall of tannin. Give it time and drink from 2021.
A delicious, fresh wine, just lightly peppery and featuring the crispest apple texture, so fresh and bright, with an aftertaste that is soft. For drinking now, to keep all that vivid flavor. Screwcap.
Just one barrel was produced from the own-rooted vines planted almost 50 years ago. It's earthy and scented with a menthol/eucalyptus note, that carries on through. Cranberry flavor reflects the rather low alcohol, but there is no hint of unripeness or any vegetative character.
Exotic in scent, this bears aromas of orange blossom, pear, lime and popcorn. The medium- to full-bodied palate comes with balanced acidity and an added flavor of apricot.
Raisiny and baked on the nose, with a syrupy consistency to the palate. Along the way there's stewed fruit, baked blackberry pie notes and overt sweetness. Candied, ultrarich and tilting toward molasses on the finish.
Very dry and slightly musty, the fruit tastes lightly of apple and citrus, but the wine already seems to be heading over a cliff. —P.G.
The winery identifies this as “the best barrels from our best lots.” Supple and streaked with chocolate and caramel, this explosion of cherry, cassis, cola and Dr. Pepper contains sneaky notes of tobacco and pepper threaded through the lingering finish. Richness and depth prevail throughout.
An earthy funk and puckeringly dry tannins mark this wine, which remains dry on the palate from start to finish, characterized along the way in leather and black pepper.
A blend of seven different vineyards, the name is French for spoon. This is a softer, less tannic wine than most of the other Torii Mor 2005s, but is not quite what you would call silky. Mixed red fruits, light scents suggesting flower as well as berry, and a feminine elegance characterize this Pinot. It's been carefully crafted to emphasize the subtle herbs and spices, without hiding behind the more obvious flavors of new oak.
This moderately-priced Pinot Noir spent 10 months in mostly neutral French oak. Still quite young, it reveals primary fruit flavors of red apple, red pear and raspberry. Firm and juicy, with just a hint of toast.
A captivating Pinot Noir, soft, lush and sensual. It seduces the palate with appealing raspberry, cherry, currant, chocolate, anise and spice flavors that are so delicious. Equally likeable for the silky, easy texture. Drink now.
After three years en tirage, this well-evolved wine is heady and floral, made to highlight and celebrate diversity. Creamy and lush on the palate, it has a rounded richness of stone fruit. Made predominantly from Pinot Noir, it has an accentuated taste of strawberry shortcake.
Ruinart is a Chardonnay house, so this wine can be considered one of its signature cuvées. With some bottle age, it is crisp while also toasty with secondary flavors that are balancing the apple and citrus fruits. The wine is well balanced, the soft aftertaste still in keeping with its crisper, textured flavors.
Blind, you could be forgiven for thinking this is the winery's flagship, Homage Syrah. An intoxicating nose of baking spices, blueberries and boysenberries leads to a palate with ample weight and plush tannins. It's complex, earthy and spicy, but with a beam of lively, just-ripe fruit from start to long-lived finish. Drink this stunning value through 2023.
Although the 2011 vintage was difficult, Foris did particularly well with this lightly spicy, fruit-laden Pinot Gris. True varietal flavors of pear and apple are perfectly set against vivid acidity.
From the Louis Latour domaine, this rich wine is lightly touched with wood. It has red-plum flavors and ripe acidity, with the structure embedded in the fruits. Drink from 2019.
88-90 Barrel sample. A hugely extracted wine with superripe black fruit and dense tannins. A blockbuster.
Pale yellow in color, this five-plus-year-old white has aromas of lees, dried apricot and flowers. The palate feels full bodied, but with lighter-styled flavors and a zing of acid on the finish.
Begins with aromas of plums and blackberries and coffee, with very spicy, dusty notes. The flavors are rich and fruity, with an earthy, almost rough edge, and some green accents. Tannins turn sharp on the finish.
This ripe wine with acidity and citrus flavors has an attractive mineral texture and lively acidity. It is crisp with a fine tang of orange and lemon zest. Drink now.
Dominated by Viosinho, a grape found more often in the Douro, this wine has a fascinating perfumed character. It's smoky, with white currant and green herbs, and a steely edge that adds to the tight structure of the wine.
Even the stain on the base of the cork reveals this wine's huge color. With its open richness and structure, it's comparable to a Rhône wine. Wood aging has lended notes of spice to go with the flavors of plum jelly and ripe, sweet fruit.
Quite light, suggesting fruit that was picked at less than optimal ripeness. This thin wine has tart red fruit, a streak of caraway seed and a finish with sweet cracker highlights.
Hearty plum, deep rose petal, earthy juniper, a touch of charcoal and crushed graphite aromas show strongly on the nose of this bottling from a tiny block in this historic vineyard. The palate packs an awesome combination of tension, energy and power, like a clenched fist in a silk glove, with tangy olallieberry fruit and a menthol character that carries deep into the finish.
With its forward fruit and touch of toasty oak, this blend of 60% Cabernet Sauvignon and 40% Merlot is soft and easy to like. There's a sweetness to the cherry, vanilla and cassis flavors, which are supported by bright acididty. The easy structure yields a juicy mouthfeel.
This tastes far more expensive than the price would suggest. Sourced from both Red Mountain and Royal Slope vineyards, it's a smoke-, coffee- and licorice-laden wine, with expressive cassis and black cherry flavors at its core. It finishes with lovely, fine-grained tannins.
This smells rubbery and horsey at first, then earthy and ripe. It feels grabby and tannic, with rustic, leathery flavors of baked berry and cheese. Narrow and a bit dried out, this may already be past its prime in terms of vitality.
This inky-violet wine has a nose of raspberry, violet and herbes du Provence. It is soft in the mouth, with flavors of blackberry, black cherry, mountainside herbs and smoke, and a bright splash of cranberry on the finish.
Rare to find on its own, as it's mainly used in sparkling-wine blends, this Pinot Meunier is earthy in dark truffle and herb, more savory, dry flavors that are wrapped in tightly woven tannins and oak. The muted fruit that's there recalls sweet raspberry.
Cider and acacia aromas are subtle and inviting. This has a round yet citrusy feel along with flavors of nectarine and orange. A steady, smooth, minerally finish with just enough pulp and weight makes for a fine ending. Drink now.
This is a delightfully dense, yet herbal and well-structured wine, 100% varietal, with still-chewy tannins that integrate in the glass. Cassis and tea highlight the experience. The wine is sourced from a prime spot in the heart of the Napa Valley known for both its exuberance of fruit and classic elegance.
True bargains are hard to come by, so drop your guard for this $8 SB and you may wind up happy. Xplorador from Concha Y Toro is peachy and simple, with light grassiness and green notes. But it does have a plump, neutral palate and likable pineapple and apple flavors. Inoffensive and not flashy, but good for the money.
This isn't one of those rich, gooey Chardonnays that dazzle some people. But it's a crisp, minerally wine that shows great elegance and Chablis-like sophistication. Dry and crisp, it shows complex flavors of tart green apples and pears, with subtle influences of smoky oak.
Yellow in color, with honeyed peach aromas. There is no indication of oak, but it probably went through extended lees aging, which explains the wine's richer melon, apricot and honey flavors. Almost Chardonnay-like in body and weight, but with more tropical, tree-fruit flavors and aromas. Drink immediately; it's on the way out.
You absolutely can't go wrong with a wine like this. Valpolicella Torre d'Orti is an easy, fresh wine that would pair with anything from lasagna to cheeseburgers. It's crisp and thin with a nice quality of cherry, raspberry and cassis fruit.
This hearty Ripasso opens with aromas of cola, sweet fruit and pressed flowers and offers a soft, warm and supple feel in the mouth. The finish is medium-long and the wine would pair nicely with honey roasted ham.
A perky, zesty wine, with appealing moss and honeysuckle scents followed by a grapefruit peel character in the mouth. Feels soft and light on the palate but finishes clean. Drink up.
While demure on the nose with just hints of yellow peach and spice, this dry, medium-bodied Riesling builds in intensity on the palate with concentrated flavors of tangerine and yellow cherry. A streak of lemon-lime acidity stretches out the finish.
This seems prematurely evolved with its lifted, kerosene-like whiff on the nose, but is no less pleasant for that. Ripe stone fruit melds into a slick, oily palate guided by a seam of bright, lemony freshness. The finish is dry and bright, and flavors fill the mouth long after the last sip.
Starts out with aromas that are pretty typical of inexpensive California Merlots: earth, plums and blackberries, with no noticeable oak. The aromas are dull; they don't shine. The flavors are good, though. Sharply etched fruit forces itself on the palate, ripe, sweet and brimming with sunshine. This is simple, everyday stuff, but it's clean as a whistle and has a good amount of charm. Definitely a value in Merlot. Best Buy.
Earns high praise for its deep, complex flavors that suggest fully ripened grapes, well-treated by the winemaker. Waves of blackberries, cherries, herbs, violets, pepper and spices flood the palate, leading to a long, rich, tannic finish. Best opened soon for its freshness.
Smooth and supple, this gem has a fully integrated nose that mixes toast, roasted hazelnuts and sweet meringue. The flavors are balanced and concentrated in the back palate and continue to expand beautifully right on through a fine, seamless finish. Elegant and graceful, this is picture perfect for near-term drinking.
Light aromas of lime, apple peel and honeysuckle show on the nose of this bottling. The style leans toward the racy end of the spectrum, with lime-zest energy, chalky tension and a touch of red apple fruit.
Here's a hearty blend of Sangiovese, Sagrantino and Merlot that opens with earthy aromas of tilled soil, truffle, tobacco and meat juice. The lush palate delivers juicy black cherry, blackberry, spearmint and thyme alongside rippling but refined tannins.
Very sweet—more of a dessert wine than in the past—with aromas and flavors of strawberry shortcake and orange sherbet and a soft, creamy mousse.
Aromas of white flowers, baking spices, pear and a whiff of toasted nuts waft from the glass. The crisp palate serves up juicy yellow apple, toasted walnut and yeasty notes of freshly baked bread alongside brisk acidity and vibrant, persistent bubbles.
Greg La Follette shows his mastery with this Chardonnay from cool Manchester Ridge. Dark gold in color, this ethereal wine is punctuated by pretty floral and citrus tones on the nose. On the palate, expect a suggestive core of lemon, guava and lingering minerality, especially through a finish that's flush with acidity.
With its signature herbal aromas with tangy, grapefruit-like acidity, this wine is light, fruity and ready to drink.
Pfister's Riesling is classic, simple and fruity. With its light mineral texture, tight acidity and delicate lemon and grapefruit flavors, it's totally ready to drink.
From this longstanding grape grower and Napa-based producer is a Mendocino-sourced Gewürztraminer that's beautifully gold in color and full of pretty tropical aromas. Balanced, with good acidity, this is a Gewürztraminer that's light on its feet and still retains the right amount of spice.
It delivers classic varietal aromas of tomato leaf, cut grass, hay and citrus. The crisp palate delivers juicy grapefruit, cantaloupe, exotic fruit and mineral alongside lively acidity that leaves a pristine finish.
Biiri is the old name for vineyards in Deutschkreuz, the home of the Igler winery. This is a smooth, mint-perfumed wine, shot through with wood, but also bringing some solid red fruits to the fore. It is weighty, but not overpowering. For the wood to fully integrate, give it another year.
This is a serious, concentrated wine. Still young, with dark tannins to go with the dark fruit, it was fermented in open tanks, a process that gives the wine extra richness. It has hints of the wood aging behind the ripe fruit and final acidity. Drink from 2017.
Ripe apple, pear and bread crust aromas follow through to the firm palate of citrus zest and toasted almond. It's balanced by bright acidity while a refined perlage adds elegance.
Bright, fruity and fresh, this familiar Vinho Verde brand does exactly what it's meant to do: provide a refreshing, light glass of wine. Apples and citrus easily carry the lightly sweet flavors and blend with an orange zest texture. Drink immediately.
A shy nose with a hint of citrus leads onto a palate with equally restrained flavors. This wine is all about texture and dryness. The superfine mousse is exquisitely creamy, playing off ripe lemon freshness against a softly autolytic background suggesting oatmeal with hints of white pepper. This is unshowy but conveys understated elegance. It finishes beautifully dry and fresh.
The warm Beauroy vineyard has produced a rich, full-bodied and concentrated wine. It has a ripe structure that's cut with mineral notes, honey and apple and pear flavors. The wine is still developing and needs to age. Drink from 2017.
Pepper, violet, rhubarb and plum aromas give this Merlot assertive character. On the plate, the wine has equal attitude, delivering flavors of dried red fruit, tobacco, cigarbox and leather. Spicy but balanced by a good minerality, the wine will pair well with salty, hard cheeses and grilled lamb. A fun find.
Black currants, cherries, chocolate, tobacco, coffee, cola and dusty Asian spices mark this dry, young Syrah. Turns a little rustic and thin on the finish, but the flavors are rich and interesting.
Cherry, cassis, leather and mineral aromas make for a lively bouquet. This is round and full on the palate, with welcome division among its layers. Ripe blackberry, fig and chocolate flavors finish lightly baked and heady, showing depth. Drink through 2018.
Delicately fragrant, this opens with aromas of underbrush, blue flower, game, red berry and menthol. The aromas carry over to the ethereal palate along with a note of savory grilled herb and white pepper. Supple tannins and vibrant acidity provide support while a saline note closes the finish.
This wine seems to have just barely ripened in this vintage, but is very well made and interesting. The tart, waxy red fruit has a vein of pine resin threading around rhubarb and sour berry. Firm and focused, it will work best with poultry in an herbal preparation.
This is quite an impressive Cabernet. The wine rivals an intense Napa Cabernet, with it's tannic structure and its bold flavors of blackberry, black currant and licorice that have been exquisitely oaked. It's elegantly drinkable now despite the power, but should comfortably glide through at least the next eight years.
This white traditional to Spain is finding pockets of homes in California. This one tends more to the full bodied side of things, falling a bit flat with a taste of butter betwixt a subtle core of apple and melon.
This assertive, dry wine has wet stone and cured meat aromas and tart, mouth-cleansing grapefruit and pineapple flavors. It will make a fine foil for rich foods like fettucine alfredo or fried chicken.
Bordeaux grapes mix with Zweigelt in this full-bodied, serious wine. It has initial severe tannins, followed by ripe currant and blackberry fruit. The wood aging gives good spice character. Well worth aging for 3–4 years.
This Ripasso from the Valpantena Valley delivers a dusty quality of old spice, tar, resin and cola backed by peanut skin, hazelnut and very ripe fruit. The wine is chewy and thick but also offers good intensity and enduring flavors of blackberry and black cherry. —M.L.
One of a range of three single-vineyard dry wines from Jo Pithon, this is the firmest, needing long aging as the Chenin develops its secondary flavors. For the moment, it's very dry and closed down, with green fruits, but dominated by structure. Wait 5 years.
Beautifuly integrated oak spice and a deep well of fruit flavors combine in this richly complex and layered wine. It's medium to full in body, supple and mouthfilling in texture, and brings a great array of classic aromas to the table. Dark cherry, forest floor, cedar and a hint of wood smoke meld into a feast of flavor.
This interpretation of Vino Nobile is aged for two years in oak barrels, which lends it toasted aromas of spice and tobacco, which sit behind the notes of bright cherry and blue flower.
As sweetly soft and candied as a pastry tart, this Syrah has smoky flavors of raspberries, cherries, cocoa, vanilla and cinnamon spice. Drink now.
This unusual wine, fermented with wild yeasts and using 20% whole bunches, is still pulling all of its diverse components into focus. Grapefruit, citrus, lemon and a saline quality adorn the spare red fruits. The length and persistence are spot on, but this could benefit from another year or two of bottle age before you pop the cork.
With a high percentage (67%) of Chardonnay in the blend, this is a crisp and steely wine. It has a fine elegant balance between acidity and the texture, giving delicious red fruits their place. The wine is definitely more of a food Champagne. Drink now.
Earthy, tarry, gritty aromas come with generous black-fruit scents. This is bold, bright and lively in character, with juicy acidity creating a racy pulse. Spice, licorice, plum and tomato flavors finish fresh and elegant, with clarity and length. Drink through 2017.
A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Nero d'Avola, this shows loads of intensity, with notes of plump cherry, blackberry, wet earth, leather and savory spice. The palate has firm, polished tannins and rich concentration.
The nose is jammy and candied smelling, but it finds its stride and delivers aromas of licorice, leather and concentrated berry after airing. Crisp and fresh in the mouth, this has clacky tannins leading to lightly herbal flavors of tomato, thyme and wild berry. It shows some warmth on the long, solid finish. Drink now–2015.
This opens with raw, charred, chemical aromas along with black-fruit notes. Resiny and chewy on the palate, with blackened flavors of plum and raw wood grain, this remains burnt tasting and severely woody to the end.
This informal red opens with aromas of tilled soil, blackberry and a whiff of game. The simple palate offers juicy black cherry and a hint of baking spice alongside angular, fleeting tannins and racy acidity.
A worthy followup to the excellent '02, this bottling seems riper and more chocolaty, with more apparent sweetness. Yet it has a firm tannic structure with good acidity. The basic flavors are of cassis, blackberry jam, cherries and smoky leather, with sweet vanillins from new oak.
Tears of Dew has established itself as one of the leading white dessert wines in California, and the '05 is nobly in that tradition, although it's not quite up to the astonishing opulence of '04. Very sweet and well acidified, it has delicious apricot liqueur, orange marmalade and vanilla cream flavors and   a long, complex finish. Just gorgeous.
100% Syrah from the same mix of vineyards as the 2005: Stone Valley, Les Collines and Va Piano. It's ripe enough to bring in brambly berry flavors, while retaining some herbal, peppery notes. Streaks of coffee and fresh-turned earth run through it, with excellent definition and balance.
This linear wine opens with aromas of blue flower, underbrush and red berries. The palate delivers bright red cherry, espresso and a white pepper note alongside firm, drying tannins. Pair this with hearty Tuscan soups. Drink 2014–2019.
If you'd like a little character, bramble and spice to your Cab, then this is where you should go. Yes, it starts out with leather, pickle barrel and a lot of bramble bush, but every time you go back to it there's more fruit, polish, complexity and style. It's interesting, ripe and a step up from your basic street-level Cabernet.
This sparkling blend of Chardonnay and Pinot Noir has the faintest touch of blush color. On the nose, it offers grapefruit and lemon. Bubbles are not very persistent, lasting just moments after the glass is poured. It has flavors of tart Granny Smith apple, brioche and lemon peel and a zippy finish.
A return to pure, single vineyard Sauvignon Blanc. With alcohol at 12.5% this dry wine is quite European in style. Elegant, lively and fresh, with a cool mix of cucumber, melon and green apple fruit flavors.
This substantial, 100% Cabernet mixes fruit flavors of plum and red currant, balanced against tart acids and chewy tannins. The fruit is somewhat buried under herbal flavors of leaf and forest, but the wine is built proportionately and does not fall apart through a moderately long finish.
This is a very dark wine, rich in dried fruits, plums and dense tannins. The wood aging is an important element here, giving a firm and dry character. With its richness comes weight and concentration. A bitter edge suggests overextraction.
This blend is a third each Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot with the rest equal parts Petit Verdot and Cabernet Franc. Aromas of cocoa, cherry, vanilla and baking spices show restraint while the flavors bring a supple feel. It's equal parts fruit and barrel.
Supple in juicy blackberry and plum, this light- to medium-bodied Merlot contains 10% Cabernet Franc and offers a mouthful of dry, dusty tannins before finishing in a punch of black peppery spice.
A very good, useful Chardonnay that's easy to drink, yet also quite complex. Brisk and crisp in acidity, it shows citrus mineral, green apple and floral notes, touched with smoky oak.
Two vintages of this wine are on the books, and frankly something isn't clicking. After a flat-out weak wine in 2007, this one is showing raisiny, pasty, lactic qualities and too much clumsy sweetness. It's like a cloying ball of blackberry candy accented by bacon fat.
Made with 100% Glera grown inside a walled vineyard, this stunning wine boasts unusual depth and structure. It delivers aromas and flavors of ripe yellow apple, pear, lemon drop, chopped sage and a ginger note while the foaming, silky mousse lends it a creamy, elegant texture. A recent vertical tasting back to 2007 proves this wine can develop more complexity after several years in the cellar.
A chunky, raisiny bouquet shouts maxium ripeness, while in the mouth this borders on syrupy while pumping out the volume. Jammy flavors of boysenberry and prune finish with fig and chocolate flvaors. This is dark and rich but pushing up against overripe.
This classy wine is tasty, with voluptuously ripe creme de cassis and blackberry tart flavors enriched with chocolate fudge, vanilla and spicy, smoky oak. The tannins are superfine, and while the wine is a bit soft, it's dry and balanced. A relative value compared to their pricier J. Daniel Cuvée.
Intriguing hints of passion fruit and tomato leaf play about the nose and lead to a very slender, slight body with ample freshness. There is more zest than fruit on the succinct palate.
Lemon, apple and cleanliness define the nose on this everyday white that's priced to sell. The mouth is racy and fresh, with peach, apple and citrus flavors that lead to a fairly long, clean and flavorful finish. Drink now.
This is a big wine, clearly in need of cellaring. There's a massive core of blackberries, cherries and baking chocolate on the palate, but it's rigidly tannic, dry and acidic still. The blend is 70% Cabernet Sauvignon, 15% Merlot and 15% Sangiovese, putting it in the super Tuscan category. Give it until 2017 to begin to mellow, and it could still be going strong in 2025.
A very fruity, exceptionally ripe wine, filled with sun-pure flavors of green apple, white peach, pear, and nutmeg. Oak plays a supporting role throughout. Finishes with a honey and pepper richness.
Terrale Oro is a perfect pasta or pizza wine to drink on nights at home with family and friends. It delivers bright red fruit, blackberry and almond paste.
With its pale color, this looks like a Provence rosé. It's soft and fruity, with spice, juicy red currant flavors and fine acidity at the end.
Tense and tannic, it's very dry initially, before opening up to show its rich blackberry and plum flavors. The structure is impressive with wood spice layered with tight fruit tannins. Worth aging for 3–4 years.
Aromas of grilled porcini mushroom, scorched earth, dark spice and a whiff of crushed herb lead the nose. The brawny palate offers dried cherry, vanilla, prune and a hint of licorice alongside a backbone of bracing tannins. The heat of evident alcohol throws off the finish.
Herbal and tart, this has light red fruits and subtle suggestions of chocolate, hazelnut and almond paste. It was aged in half-neutral, half-new French oak.
Sour cherry and raspberry aromas lead the way in this red blend made from organically farmed grapes. The ripe fruit carries over to the palate alongside angular tannins. It's rather one-dimensional but will pair well with hearty pasta dishes and mild cheeses.
Lovely, ripe, mature fruit underlies great toffee richness, a serious amount of wood tannin and acidity. The flavors are of old caramel and dark brown sugar. This is an impressive wine that balances age with continuing freshness.
Shows proper Chard character in the peach flavors, oaky overtones and creamy texture. Could use more concentration, though, as it's rather weak on the finish.
Ripe, exotic papaya, mango, apricot and tangerine flavors highlight this wine. There's also plenty of buttered toast notes, but it's balanced with brisk acidity. This is a fine wine for drinking now.
A totally satisfying wine in its bringing together of velvety texture and flavors of pepper steak, juicy red berry and sultry cinnamon. Aged in American oak, it offers length and body in a ripe, rich package.
Despite the bold statement of this rosé's cat-shaped bottle, it is fairly subdued, suggesting more mineral tones than fruit. It's brisk and lemony though, with a refreshingly clean finish.
Here's a Syrah with bursting aromas of mature blueberry, cherry, spice and smoked bacon. The wine is full, round and generous with a supple feel and soft concentration. Pair it with lamb or roasted pork.
Soft in tannins and acids, this Cabernet has a gentle, drink-me-now mouthfeel. The flavors are rich and sweet in milk chocolate, blueberries and blackberries. Easy to like, if a little pricey for what you get.
Big, fat rather clumsy wine, heavy and brash. The wine lacks structure and goes for broad strokes. Drink now.
Shows the firm tannins and full-bodied richness of Petite Sirah, but it's not an ager because it's a little too low in acid for the long haul. So enjoy it now for the wealth of blackberries, cherries, anise and mocha.
Ready as it will ever be, this mildly baked red starts with minty aromas and chocolate. The palate is saturated and full of fruit, but the feel is a touch thin given the color and the lightly cooked aromas. Drink now with food and it will satisfy.
The 60% Grenache shows in this wine's red-berry aromas and flavors, while the 20% Mourvèdre imparts a slightly horsey, leathery note. It's full-bodied and lushly textured, it just doesn't seem quite as harmonious at this stage as some earlier vintages.
A faint but enticing notion of pink grapefruit plays on the nose, and there are floral nuances too. The palate is fruity and fresh and has an appealing, concentrated core of textured citrus zest, followed by a wonderfully clean finish.
A wine that speaks of territory and tradition, it's clean, polished and pristine, with a nice balance between fruit and spice. Thick tannins need more time to age and soften
Already impressive, this wine shows great fruit for the vintage as well as structure. Ripe with black cherries and berries, it has all of Pinot Noir's rich juiciness, but hints of smoke add complexity as well. Structured and a shade dark, it needs time to mature. Drink from 2017.
From an estate in the south of the Alentejo, this is a rich, hot-country wine. It is firm, densely structured and with solid, dark tannins. There is a juicy black fruit background to this dense wine that gives a lift. Still young, this dark and very concentrated wine will be better from 2018.
Aromas of white flowers and oily melon set up an agile palate with racy citric acidity. Pithy citrus and green-herb flavors are a touch salty. The wine is fresh with an herbal flavor on the finish.
Hard to appreciate this pricey blend of Cabernet, Merlot and Malbec right now, it's so sharp and tannic and jammy. The big question is whether or not it will age. The signs are there. One of the winemakers, Kian Tavakoli, worked at Opus One. The grapes come from Beckstoffer, in Oakville. Based on that, you might want to give it a good six years in the cellar.
This blend of Syrah and Grenache bears ripe, forward flavors of blackberry and cherry jam, dried currant, anise and cedar. The tannins are massive, but ripe and sweet, and there is a green note that gives the wine some bitterness.
This is a fresh and fruity wine, flavored with creamed apple and pears. There is the merest hint of pepper here to give spice and to bring out the bright acidity at the end. The wine could hold a year, but is ready to drink now.
From vines planted in 1912, this has been an icon of South Australia Shiaz since 1952, when it was first bottled as a single-vineyard wine. Menthol and vanilla notes frame black cherries and cassis on the nose, while the palate reveals supple tannins and meaty, savory complexities. The finish is softly dusty, fine and long. Drink now–2030.
A famous old brand that seems to be living off past glory, this year's edition is quite neutral in aroma and flavor; you have to work to pick out some mild herb and citrus, but it does show a nice spicy, green-peppercorn character on the finish.
If the modern California style of exceptionally ripe fruit and sweet, smoky oak appeals to you, you'll love this wine. It's an explosion of pineapple jam, tangerine and vanilla cream flavors, brightened with crisp acidity. Not very subtle, but flamboyant. Calling all shellfish to the dance floor.
This blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Cabernet Franc opens with aromas of oak, earth and ripe black fruit. The palate offers flavors of succulent black currant, plum, black cherry, espresso and roasted herbs, all layered with chocolate and vanilla. It boasts velvety tannins and a smooth texture.
A pretty cherry red, this tart young wine tastes like fresh raspberries and cherries. It is compactly built, varietal and clean, with a crisply-defined finish.
Inevitably, coming from a Grand Cru vineyard, this wine is still very young. It has the beginnings of ripe black plum fruits that will develop well. For the moment, the tannins and structure show most strongly. Give this concentrated wine until 2019.
Floral leesy aromas of chunky stone fruits and citrus come with a green note of lettuce leaf. This feels round and a touch oily, while briny mildly bitter flavors of citrus finish pithy.
The texture is off, with hard and bitter tannins. The fruit also is quite ripe, with the black cherries veering into raisins. Oak sticks out in the form of sweet vanilla and toast. The result lacks harmony.
Ku Dé Ta is a “global brand” in that its backers identify regions they like and then buy and bottle wine from that region. This one from Casablanca has gooseberry, green melon, apple and talcum powder all on a delicate but healthy frame. Imported by Ku Dé Ta Wines.
Benefiting from the ripe 2009 vintage, this is an intense and concentrated wine, full of jammy plum and red berry flavors, spiced with licorice and pepper. The wine has good concentration. Ready to drink now or age 3–5 years.
The perfect barbecue wine, with strongly gamy, meaty, pungently smoky notes dominating the nose. The fruit is braced to take the punishment, holding its own with a tight wild berry and currant grip. But wait, there's more… black olive, eucalyptus, anise and grilled meat, with a high-toned, volatile finish.
90-92. Barrel sample. This is a wine that's likely to age relatively quickly. It shows sweet wood and black-currant flavors that combine with a spicy element.
Brambly earth and ripe raspberry invite one in on the nose before a taste of soft, lush spice on the palate. The earthiness continues through the midpalate and finish, with notes of mushroom and forest floor that linger through the close.
Fleshy and lightly oxidized on the nose, this Pinot Noir and Chardonnay sparkler shows a seltzer-like palate with pulse-preserving acidity. The palate brings a mix of peach, yeast, spent lees and oxidized flavors.
Friendly aromas of pineapple juice, melon and banana are clean and devoid of funk. The palate flows in easy, regular fashion and tastes of mixed tropical fruits. Shows banana and vanilla on the finish.
This blend of fruit from Ciel du Cheval (85%) and Force Majeure vineyards was fermented in concrete before aging in three- to seven-year-old oak barrels. It's dazzling in feel, with rich, supple, focused cranberry and cherry flavors that lead to a tart, drawn-out finish.
This interpretation of Sangiovese Grosso is clean, polished, ripe and elegant. It opens with dark concentration and berry notes of cassis and candied cherry, and then rum cake, leather and tobacco show up on the finish, backed by firm tannins and bright acidity.
Subtle aromas suggesting toasted oak, acacia and grapefruit take shape in the glass. On the racy palate, yellow apple, bitter almond and a hint of lemon zest are set against vibrant acidity.
This hearty Aglianico is streamlined and compact while also being intensely aromatic and generous. You'll get ripe fruit, blueberry, white mushroom, toasted oak, chocolate and those wonderfully emblematic volcanic nuances.
Elegant aromas of blackcurrant and black cassis combine with German-chocolate cake and concentrated violet oil scents on the nose of this bottling. It is soft and full on the palate, where mouth-coating tannins present flavors of earthy loam, black cherry and hint of burnt caramel on the finish.
This Champagne is soft and has some sweetness (although technically Brut). Ripe melon and pear fruits are cut with enough acidity to keep the wine fresh and fruity.
This is an earthy, somewhat flat wine with herbal berry aromas that fall away in quiet form. A full, grabby palate brings berry, raisin and tobacco flavors, all supported by a modest beam of acidity. A finish of earth, tobacco and mulchy flavors announce that 2009 was indeed a hot vintage in Chile.
Pressed yellow flower, dried fruit and toasted oak aromas lead the nose. The lean palate offers candied citrus zest, vanilla and drying, wood-driven sensations but not much fruit richness. It finishes on a bitter, nutty note.
Exotic spice, wet earth, red cherry and black currant describe the nose of this medium-bodied Chianti Superiore. The wine is luminous and compact with a direct and immediate delivery of fruit flavors and good freshness.
Anise, blackberry and pepper on the nose and palate create an appealing Merlot that is nonetheless a touch acidic. Balance it with a rich meat stew or duck entrée.
This medium-bodied shiraz is remarkably fresh and vibrant, deftly blending maple syrup and smoke with red berries, then easing into a firm, dusty finish. Drink now–2025.
Sourced from five excellent Walla Walla vineyards, this wine spent about 15 months in barrel, one quarter new. It has dried cherry fruit, almost like an Amarone in style, though with no sweetness. Tannins are drying and finish with a slight bitterness. Tasted twice from different bottles.
From a 16-acre, dry-farmed vineyard near the producer's Carneros winery, this opens with a yeasty aroma, followed by black cherry and pomegranate. Soft, high in acidity and well-integrated in terms of oak, its finish is lingering in cinnamon and dried herb.
Noceto is a Sierra Foothills' Sangiovese specialist but does a nice job with Barbera as well, this wine being well-integrated, not heavy-handed (13.8%) with a deft balance between acidity and fruit, mostly sweet cherry and blueberry. Very good.
Along with the Dolcetto, this Petite Sirah tops the new releases for this micro-boutique winery. Bright and lightly toasty, it's a forward wine, with pretty cherry, cola and earth components. An appealing and supple streak of leather comes with hints of spice and butterscotch, all woven together seamlessly.
Raspberry and cherry aromas are at the fore of the bouquet, with an attractive floral character teasing in the background. The palate offers ripe, juicy fruit flavors that are lifted by ample acidity and finish quick yet clean on the close. Drink now.
This stellar bottling deftly combines both the bright and burned sides of the sipping experience, offering fresh crushed blueberries alongside caramel, cooked dark chocolate and charred toast on the nose. There's a great array of dried herbs once sipped, with flavors of dried blueberries, lamb char, espresso and pencil lead. Tons of depth.
Floral hints on the nose give way on the palate to a deep, concentrated core of forest fruit: there is the tartness of wild cranberry, the alluring aroma of wild raspberry and darker overtones of bilberry, all framed by brooding aspects of oak. Fruit and oak are in some kind of chiaroscuro dialogue that intrigues. Best to wait a little longer since real pleasure and elegance awaits.
Racy, clean and seemingly bone dry, this wine is elegant and almost shy in its approach. Food friendly and Chablis-like, it has plenty of citrus, cream, mineral and toast subtleties. The fruit was sourced from a vineyard located in the westernmost part of the valley, and hence one of the coolest. Drink now–2018.
Although this is grassy and wiry smelling, there's enough ripe raspberry and red plum aromas to make the grade. A zesty, choppy feeling palate features plum, pie cherry and leafy berry flavors in front of a racy finish with decent follow through. This is 60% Malbec and 40% CS.
Ripe and full-bodied, with balanced acidity and soft tannins. There is good strawberry fruit here as well as blackberry and darker plums. A dry aftertaste completes a satisfying wine.
Rich, with restrained intensity, this has aromas of toasted graham-cracker crumb, spiced orange marmalade, peach preserves and wilted rose. It feels slightly pudgy on the midpalate, with a tapering finish that ends on a buttered-caramel note.
Aromas are of plum, meat and a dash of caramel. In the mouth, it's medium-bodied, with pure mixed plums and a little vanilla on the palate.  This Shiraz is not just a bargain, it's just the ticket for the dinner table. Try it with curries, jambalaya—anything that has a spicy kick.
This easy wine offers a rainbow of fruits—raspberries, cherries, blackberries and plums—that wash over the palate rich as jam, with a veneer of caramelized oak. Tasty, if a little one dimensional, and hot in alcohol.
Rather toasty and buttery for a wine backed by simple pear fruit. Emphasizes smooth but limited pear flavors warmed by firm notes of popcorn and brown butter. Soft in style. Imported by Winesellers Ltd.
Brezza's Cannubi cru is a beautiful wine that balances tradition and elegance. “Refined” is the best word to describe the wine's ethereal aromas of forest berry, measured spice, licorice and powdery mineral. The wine is vibrant and exciting in the mouth with a long, cooling menthol finish. Brezza was founded in 1885.
This wine has the weight that is typical of this appellation. It is full bodied, ripe with melon and yellow fruits. Contrasting with that, a crisper edge brings out minerality and a nervy texture. Drink from 2022.
The spicy aroma and burnt toast character of this young wine reflects its strong wood aging. The black fruit is right behind though, likely to break through the dry surface over the next few months. Drink from 2019.
Verdejo and Viura comprise this mineral- and pepper-tinged wine. The palate is clean but a touch blanced out and drying. Flavors of citrus, apple and banana transform into walnut and aging cider on the finish.
Soft, open wine, layering apricot and pear juice with some acidity that is fresh, rather than apple crisp. The wine is a little dilute and need to be drunk.
A lovely purity of lemon oil and zest pervades both nose and palate of this straight-laced wine. There is purity and freshness, precision and tons of zesty tangy lemon. This finds its counterpoint in a lovely texture of stone and chalk. Later, ripe apple notes make an aromatic experience and stay on the dry palate all the way through the long lemony finish. Drink now through 2030.
This is soft and round with pleasing flavors of black cherry and plum. Hints of coffee and chocolate do not tamper with the basic core of clean, ripe fruit. It's quite nicely made, drinking well, and comes into focus in the extended finish.
Light, bright and crisp, this is a tangy wine. Its floral aroma and its juicy tropical fruits are both part of a wine that has been made to be drunk young, fruity and easily. Drink now.
A rich nose of vanilla-bean ice cream, Marcona almond, buttered cornbread and pan-seared pear makes for a very inviting entry to this bottling. The vanilla and caramel flavors extend to the palate, but in a judiciously light way, with candied pecans, baked fruit and honeysuckle flavors, altogether quite delicious.
Kicks off with hints of banana and other tropical fruits, delivered in an easygoing, soft wash over the palate, then turns dry, stony and spicy on the finish. Imported by Smart Imports Inc.
This is an elegant Prosecco Brut with firm mineral notes backed by sharp acidity and cleansing effervescence. This wine would pair perfectly with pimiento-studded deviled eggs or fried chicken wings.
Bold and savory, it has intriguing aromas of grass, dried hay, stone fruit and dill. The rich, warm palate delivers yellow peach, candied ginger and grapefruit accented with sage and a vanilla note.
A very aromatic, wood aged wine. It shows great richness and spice from the wood, along with white fruits. The wine also has freshness, in the form of lime and plums. There is a taut, lively aftertaste. Age for 4–5 years.
A good, dry Zinfandel marked by flavors of freshly crushed black pepper sprinkled over ripe crushed blackberry liqueur. The all-important tannins give the richness a firm structure. The wine is a little hot in alcohol, but barbecue and richly sauced beef and chicken dishes will stand up well.
This Cab shows restraint that translates into elegance. and it's a wine that's designed to be supportive of the main star at the table, food. Balanced and dry, it shows earthy flavors of blackberries and plums.
Suddenly Washington vintners are awash in Chardonnay, many value priced such as this new one from Airfield Estates' Lone Birch project. Clean and simple, it's got moderately ripe apple flavors and no faux oak.
An enormously fruity wine whose main appeal is its vast array of flavor. Cherries, raspberries, red currants, licorice, Dr. Pepper cola and milk chocolate flood the mouth, offset by crisp acidity and accented with sweet oak. Best now for its soft deliciousness.
This austere expression opens with drying tones of crushed mineral and brimstone, with lush notes of bright cherry and wild berry at the back. It also shows fine silkiness and crisp acidity.
This is from the premium range produced by the Winzer Krems cooperative. It is a freshly fruity, bramble-flavored wine, lifted with acidity. Has light flavors of wood, and a fresh, juicy, spicy aftertaste.
While this could be considered the equivalent of a second wine for the Château Pech de Jammes estate, it is in a modern, fruity style, which sets it apart from the Château wine. Bold, ripe and generous fruits give blackberry flavors alongside a lively, perfumed character. The wine is ready to drink.
Simple aromas of tropical fruits and green bean come in front of a spritzy palate with healthy balance. The finish brings notes of bell pepper and lime.
With 26 months in small oak barrels, aromas of coconut cream, finely ground sawdust and cherry stems ride over condensed black cherry and currant. The medium-weight palate has a plush feel to it, offering a balance of ripe berry fruit and zesty streaks of minerals.
Snappy yet smooth, with subtle apple, toast and vanilla aromas. Very good in terms of feel, with dry, spicy flavors of baked apple, white pepper and herbs. Slightly mature notes of mushroom and Sherry rise up on the finish, lending this bubbly added complexity. Imported by Empson (USA) Ltd.
A 100% varietal wine from the famed Ritchie Vineyard, this is a tremendous expression of elusively sublime lemon and lime, with a juiciness of grapefruit. Crisp and refreshing from start to finish, it offers complex, creamy Tahitian vanilla bean midway through, finishing with zest.
Very smooth, very soft, very chocolaty, with a light layer of green herb. The soft, chocolaty mouthfeel carries through a warm, slightly dilute finish.
Forward and attractive now, although the tannins are firm and provide a bold structure. Shows great aromatics in the roasted coffeebean, blackberry preserves, pain grillé, anise and cedar, with similar flavors. Polished and dynamic. Give it through 2015.
Somewhat hard-edged wine, showing the sharpness of young Chenin Blanc. It has a future, though, as this edge drops away, because there is some good weight as well as bright fresh final acidity. Keep for several months.
This Bordeaux-style blend—with an addition of Mourvèdre—is soft, simple and cloying, with vegetal flavors alongside the sweet raspberry jam note. High alcohol makes for a hot mouthfeel.
Mildly toasty, with baked berry, olive and jam-like aromas. More snappy and crisp than expected, with red plum flavors and very tight, protruding tannins. Chocolate and some sugar beet come together on the finish. A touch too firm in terms of mouthfeel.
This is one of the first important 2005 Russian River Pinots to hit the market, and it's an exciting hint to this eagerly awaited vintage. It was a cool, long hangtime year, and this wine is amazingly rich and deep in chocolaty cherry, black raspberry and cola flavors. For all that, the wine is dry, supple and delicately tannic, and seems to have a fine future.
Red cherry fruit comes laced with light tannins, giving this bright wine an open, juicy character.
A full-bore Bordeaux blend with all five varieties. Two-thirds Cabernet Sauvignon sets the backbone, and the wine unfolds with plenty of power, dark, plummy fruit and full, roasted espresso-like barrel flavors. If there's a down spot it's the acidic tang to the finish, which seems a bit jagged.
Rich, lush and Port-like, with tons of sweet fruit. The rush of dark plum and berry carried on the wavy, dense palate is hedonistic, and while it won't age forever, the bet here is that it'll prove irresistible to anyone who tries it.
Rather tough and tannic now, with a hard astringency that compromises enjoyment. On the other hand, there's a deep core of black currants and dark unsweetened chocolate. Hard to tell where it's going. Try after 2010.
How many $5 wines are this good? Not many. The nose is zesty and aggressive but settles and doesn't offend, while the juicy, fresh palate has bright cherry and raspberry flavors. Basic, ripe, clean red wine.
The 2004 is 89% Cabernet Sauvignon, 11% Merlot and 100% new French oak. There's plenty of fruit to back up the lavish oak treatment, but this wine needs 3–5 years to integrate its cassis fruit with the overlay of vanilla, chocolate and toasted coconut. It seems a bit coarsely textured at first, then smoothes out nicely with air, gaining length on the finish. Drink 2008–2015.
Slightly savory, subdued apple and nut tones on the nose belie the intensity of fruit, mineral and earth ntoes that collide on the palate in this Kabinett. Green apple and lime flavors pierce the midpalate, catapulted by struck slate mineral notes and acidity. There's so much development to look forward to in this wine. Hold until 2020.
Young, grapy, and seductively laden with primary red and blue fruits; a big step forward from their 2001. The grapes come from a young vineyard high on the mountain called “The Ranch at the End of the Road” and show why Syrah is as important to the region's future as Cabernet or Merlot.
Intensely smoky, dusty mineral aromas on this Riesling dissipate with aeration to reveal a delightful bouquet of white blossoms and stonefruit. The palate is bright with citrus acidity and sweet yellow cherries. While lively and fresh now, it should develop remarkable complexity over the next 5–7 years.
A pretty, tan-blush color, this refreshing wine was fermented in stainless steel. Flavors of peach and melon are in play, and the wine has excellent definition and length, with ample acidity and modest alcohol.
Nanerone opens with an inky, black color and jammy aromas of strawberry jam, dried prune, raisin, blackberry pie and some light shadings of sweet Christmas spice. It drinks like maple syrup—it's sweet, thick and heavy in the mouth.
Layers of fresh purple flowers, from lilacs to lavender, meld with dried rose petals, cinnamon, concentrated hibiscus, orange rind and black tea on the wondrous nose of this bottling. A sanguine character starts the sip before it evolves into dried strawberry and a mix of lavender, mint and thyme, framed by bright acidity and lush texture.
Winemaker Scott Hawley delivers deep and dark aromas of blueberry and mint against a backdrop of bacon fat and barrel smoke. The mouthfeel is rich and lush, with more blueberry plus anise, black licorice and a canvas of minty herbs that also reveal a touch of bitterness.
This pink wine, originally started by figure skater Peggy Fleming as a benefit for breast cancer research, shows peach, nectarine, strawberry flesh and cotton candy aromas. There is a touch of sweetness to the sip, with baked orange and lemon curd flavors.
From the area of Chianti that falls within the Province of Siena (as opposed to Florence) this easy red wine is characterized by red fruit, cassis, almond skin and blue flower.
Made in a New Zealand style, with strong gooseberry, lemongrass and lime flavors, this wine is bone dry and exceptionally crisp in acidity. It gets the tastebuds watering.
Made with 70% Sangiovese and 30% Cabernet Sauvignon, this offers aromas of baked plum, espresso, and baking spice. The robust palate opens with black fruit, chocolate and licorice alongside gripping tannins. You'll also notice the warmth of evident alcohol on the close.
This Riesling has aromas that almost mimic a Chardonnay: toasty cream, vanilla, spice. On the palate, those more complex flavors continue, but are buoyed by some acidity and an intriguing touch of sweet flowers. Overall, a tasty sip.
The nose is pungent, juxtaposing pretty white floral, grapefruit and pineapple tones against musky, slightly sweaty notes. Dry and bristling on the palate, it's marked by lemon-lime acidity framing crisp honeydew and green plum flavors.
This is what you want from Chile. The bouquet of green apple, lime, mineral, sea air and controlled sweetness is impressive while not being forceful. Flavors of citrus, pineapple and green herbs are live-wire, while the feel is stimulating and spritzy. With a juicy finish and tons of zest,this is a lovely, true wine that reflects its coastal San Antonio origins.
This wine has a small amount of Syrah and is aged in new French, as well as Hungarian and American oak, much of it in older barrels. Opening like a perfumed rose garden, it offers a juicy core of cassis around integrated tannin and oak, with finishing touches of cedar, licorice and mocha.
Modest and one-dimensional, with cherry-berry and spice flavors.
Exotic spice notes and zesty tangerine aromas are curious on this penetrating Riesling. It's sweet, with juicy peach and yellow-cherry flavors, but reverberates on the palate, with citrusy acidity and a hint of ginger on the finish.
This organically grown blend of Touriga Nacional and Aragonez comes from one of the old aristocratic Dão estates. It's structured with robust tannins and has richly dense black currant fruit. Drink from 2019.
There's a nice mélange of aromas and flavors to this wine, as hints of dried purple flowers mingle with fruity notes of brambly forest berry and black plum. Accents of leather, smoke and graphite add depth to the palate, but the finish is a bit warm.
Lodi Zin can be overly sweet and alcoholic but this one is balanced and charming. It shows a softly complex array of red and black wild berry, blueberry, mashed cherry pulp and plum flavors, sprinkled with cocoa and cinnamon, like a savory Starbucks drink.
Green Valley is the coolest part of Russian River Valley and the wine shows the wind and fog in its crisp acidity and minty quality. But there's a wealth of roasted cherries, along with rich smoky cedar, and the mouthfeel is silky and refined. Should develop over the next six years.
The wine's very reserved nose requires patience to release the asphalt and blackberry jam aromas. Berry flavors show on the palate as does some asphalt and pepper. Everything feels balanced but it could use some more power and punch.
An 85-15 blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Cabernet Franc, this shows incredible intensity and gorgeous aromas of cherry, blackberry, oak-driven spice, chocolate and coffee. The round, velvety texture makes the palate feel supersupple and long, and the bright berry flavors demonstrate impressive endurance. Drink after 2015.
Beautifully drinkable in the prime of its youth, with subtle blackberry, cherry, herb and violet flavors folded into soft, dusty tannins. Perfect now with a well-marbled steak, but should age short-term.
Dark, thick and aromatic, this blend of 63% Cabernet Sauvignon, 17% Merlot, 15% Cabernet Franc and 5% Syrah can stand alongside others selling for two or three times the price. It's a supple mix of dark fruits and spicy herb; it almost bristles with sharp hints of nettle, pepper and green tea. The tannins are supple and smooth, and there is a polish to the wine that extends into a smooth, seamless and very satisfying finish.
There's a sultry aromatic combination of stewed strawberry and bright raspberry as well as subtle thyme, tarragon, rosewater and French toast on the nose of this bottling from the iconic vineyard. The baked red fruits and hard woody spices are cut by pungent acidity and firm tannins on the sip. Hold off a bit on this one, but then enjoy for decades. Drink 2019–2034.
The texture on this Syrah is a little rough, with edgy tannins accentuating its sharpness. It's robust and sweet in blackberry jam and black pepper flavors, with a hint of teriyaki beef. Drink this rustic offering now.
Okay for simple drinking, although it's kind of watery. If you're not fussy, it's citrusy, dry, tart and clean.
This Cab, from a vintage that has been criticized for a perceived lack of longevity, is still chugging right along. Smoky and toasty on the nose, it adds flavors of superripe fruit on the palate: dates, figs and prunes. Richly textured, with a long, still-chewy finish. Drink now–2010.
An intriguing wine, fueled by contrasts. Tomato leaf and peppermint notes counter honeyed fruit; grapefruit balances figs and melons. Despite the hints of green leafiness, it's rich and rather full-bodied. Drink now, although it may prove to be a pleasant surprise in another year or two.
It's great to return to an excellent honest-tasting fruit-driven wine that has very good balance, an appetizing texture thanks to fine-grained tannins and light spicy elements to complement the pure cherry and berry core. It's the kind of wine that doesn't get tiring, and will be ideal to stock up on.
This boasts a pretty ruby color and a clean delivery of aromas to create an elegant and balanced whole. Vanilla, Amaretto, balsam notes, lavender and sweet cherry characterize the nose and are backed by distant tones of smoke and campfire. You do, however, come away from the wine with the impression that the fruit was picked ripe.
This blend of Cabernet, Syrah and Zinfandel is simple, soft and overtly sweet. It has berry, cherry, currant and chocolate flavors that taste sugary, like pie filling.
This 100% varietal wine sourced primarily from Oakville Ranch Vineyard is exuberant with rich, round red fruit and earthy sage notes. Bright and lively, with underlying grip, it offers further full-bodied flavors of vanilla, dark chocolate and tobacco as it opens.
Gentle friendly notes of yellow mirabelle plum play on the nose. The palate is equally fruity and appetizing, chock-full of fruit and freshness. Drink soon.
Pronounced aromas of dried savory herbs impart a distinctly earthy tone to this Pinot Noir rosé. While a crush of fresh watermelon flavor shines brightly on the palate, it finishes brisk and tart.
Very young, dominated by its bitter tannins, then with tight blackberry fruits. It is like a coiled runner, waiting to sprint, its freshness promising a good development. It certainly needs time.
This is an intense and ever so slightly oxidized wine with aromas of yellow rose, resin and nut. A small percentage of the wine (90% Vermentino and 10% Chardonnay) is aged in oak, resulting in very good structure and persistency.
Punchy raspberry, plum and spice aromas are straight from central casting as far as Pinot goes. This feels medium to full, while spicy, lightly leafy plum flavors are a touch herbal. Round and generous on the finish, this closes with dry, spicy, herbal flavors and a solid oak component.
An oaky aroma of buttered toast is elevated over ripe cherry and crushed black pepper. The palate shows more nuance, with tart red currant leading to juicy red fruit and granite dust. Slightly sandy tannins provide just enough grip to give this wine appropriate balance and structure.
This medium-bodied wine shows a remarkable evolution on the palate, where it accelerates through tight, reined-in notions of gun flint and vague leafiness to pinwheels of pink grapefruit and tomato leaf by the long finish.
An interesting percentage of Cabernet Franc gives this wine a more perfumed character than is usual in many Pomerols. On the palate, the wine is rich and shows the aromatic character of the berry fruits and well integrated wood. It is young still, needing time. Drink from 2017.
This is an attractive, lemon and lime-flavored wine. Riper yellow fruits also show through the crisp acidity and the lightly mineral texture. The wine is ready to drink.
Mature dark berry, crushed blue flower, spice and peppermint aromas lead the nose on this structured red. The firm palate offers ripe black cherry, white pepper, cocoa, star anise and a balsamic note accompanied by bracing tannins. Drink 2018–2016.
This wine has a lean side that takes away from the bright acidity and fruitiness. With its berry fruit flavors, it should be rich, but lacks a middle.
This Zin, which contains a bit of Petite Sirah, isn't quite as concentrated as the winery's single-vineyard Zins. But it's close, and the price isn't as high. It's a powerful wine, full-bodied and rich in blackberries, currants, mocha, licorice and prunes, with a long, spicy finish.
The nose on this secret blend is clean and tight, not showy at all, with just a touch of papaya and honey. It expands greatly on the palate with banana and melon, but wipes up quick with a fresh burst of acidity.
Dry, yes, but this wine is also soft and ripe. It has an attractive toasty character giving power to the midpalate. It's in the finish that the real acidity and dryness show most.
High alcohol gives this a peppery heat, lots of wood makes it oaky, and the tropical fruit flavors are ripe and spicy. At tasting, this had not quite meshed together yet. Give it another six months.
This opens with sun-baked soil, mocha, prune and leafy underbrush aromas. The densely concentrated palate offers black cherry jam, espresso and vanilla flavors, with scorching alcohol and assertive tannins that leave an astringent finish.
Smells like trail mix, barbecued over an open fire. On the palate, it's butterscotch central. Caramel and oak try to steal the spotlight from the chocolate-covered cherry core, and only narrowly miss. Its low-acid, sweet style has millions of fans, but it's too much for this reviewer to handle.
Big and rich, this is a broad, open version of Corton-Charlemagne, a powerhouse of ripe white and yellow fruits. It seems initially without enough depth, a product of its youth, then gradually the ripe structure shows through, promising aging over 6–7 years.
Prevailing lemony, citrus-cocktail aromas with hints of almond macaroons. Though medium sweet, it is lip-smackingly crisp and racy, with zesty citrus flavors following through on the palate. Moderately intense and reasonably taut, if a little austere.
One of a pair of wines from this producer paying homage to neighboring regions, this wine references the Malbec of Cahors. It is softer than some Malbecs, bringing out the grape's fruitiness and acidity rather than its structure. That makes it a candidate for drinking young, starting from early 2018.
Colle del Re Passito is a gorgeous, smooth and creamy wine with a beautiful bouquet of honeysuckle, candied orange, almond paste, apricot and butterscotch. It tastes fresh and silky and would make a great companion to dried biscuits or sponge cake.
This is a pretty good Bordeaux blend. It's balanced in tannins and acids, with a little oak to season the ripe blackberry and cherry flavors.
Layered and rustic, this wine starts with aromas of tobacco and sausage and leads into spicy, dark fruit flavors. Vibrant with supple tannins, the wine needs some time.
Overtly sweet and simple, with plenty of white peach, honeysuckle and vanilla flavors, this Riesling has a refreshing acidity that makes it clean. Alcohol is nice and low, only 11 percent.
Easy to nail this as a Syrah because it's so peppery. Aside from that, it's also so ripe and fruity, it could be Cabernet, with juicy blackberry, cassis, cherry and chocolate flavors.
Pleasant and light, with fruit that suggests barely ripened, young grapes. Hints of strawberry, melon and raspberry carry into flavors that seem dilute. The medium-deep color and chewy, green tannins suggest it was pushed a bit hard at fermentation.
A full, warm, big-fruited Cab with savory, meaty, oaky overtones to go with solid, acid-rich berry fruit and vanilla flavors. Definitely oaky, but not roasted like many Terranoble wines. Shows slight heat and rubbery qualities, but overall it's a good, hardy Cabernet with serious fruit and structure.
This blend of 65% Grenache, 20% Syrah and 15% Mourvèdre needs more time to develop. In its youth it's shy to reveal much beyond a robust, earthy and tannic taste of inky black fruit and tobacco. Let open further or set this wine down through early 2017 or so.
A blend of Petite Sirah and Petit Verdot, this is a clumsy wine. It's soft and overripe, and the oaky overlay doesn't do anything to improve the situation.
Dry, fruity and rustic in feeling, with edgy tannins and jammy cherry, berry and cocoa flavors, this is a decent everyday sipper.
Aromas of wild berry and a whiff of pressed spring flower lead the nose on this casual wine. The vivacious, slightly fizzy, palate offers black cherry and a candied citrus peel note alongside tangy acidity.
Sweet and ripe in jammy cherries and blackberries, and framed in sweet, rich tannins, this Cabernet seems a bit direct and unidimensional now. It could be going through an awkward period of bottle blues, from which it could emerge after 4–6 additional years. After that, the score could rise considerably, but right now, it's somewhat candied and rustic.
Very ripe in the mouth, with mounds of black cherry and mocha flavors, this Pinot has a full-bodied, slightly heavy feeling. It's dry and silky, and a nice example of a good Russian River Pinot from a warm vintage.
Crispness provides the balance needed for this Chardonnay. It gives a tartness to the fairly sweet, candied flavors of pineapples and butterscotch.
This is a blend of nearly 86% Cabernet Sauvignon and the remainder Cabernet Franc. A floral nose of violet and rose appeals before a sizable intake of grippy leather, sage and cranberry provides a tart, thick and gritty core.
D'Alessandro's plump Syrah is a bold and generous red wine, with richly layered aromas of cherry, blackberry, rum cake, bacon fat and toasted nut. Pair this wine with abbacchio arrosto (roast lamb).
This is structured and textured, with white fruit flavors complemented by almond and mineral notes, along with some toast from having aged in wood. Concentrated and edgy, this needs to age for another two years.
Like all the Duval wines, this is amply structured. Cedar and vanilla notes frame dark fruit flavors in this blend of 51% Shiraz, 30% Grenache and 19% Mourvèdre. Its full bodied, with a long, dusty finish. Drink now–2022.
Light citrus and floral aromas meld with richer, riper flavors and a generous texture. More than just a palate cleanser, this unoaked wine has some depth and is rich enough to hold interest.
An ordinary Chardonnay—this is dryish and soft, bearing orange and apricot flavors, with a hit of buttercream.
The fruit is light and almost delicate, suggesting mountain strawberries and sour plums. The one-year-old French oak still imparts a significant burst of bourbon barrel flavor, especially in the finish, which resonates like a bourbon and chocolate bon-bon.
This is 100% Cabernet from a mix of vineyards scattered across the state. Lovely aromatics, impressive purity, a confident attack and fine-tuned flavors—blueberry and boysenberry and black cherry—are well-matched to oak and acid.
There are signs of juiciness in this young wine although for now, it is firm and dry. With a hard edge and bitterness it will need aging to show roundness. Drink from 2018.
This wine is full of fresh acidity, with a soft, gentle fruitiness that is immediately attractive. With its light touch of raspberry and red currant, it is poised and stylish.
A bit rough and scouring in texture, this tastes too sweet. Its orange and strawberry notes have a sugary edge. It's an easy bubbly to drink at parties.
A blend of grapes, so maybe it is not surprising that the aromas and flavors are a blend: melons, pears and limes, all presented with great freshness and verve alongside a rich texture. Editors' Choice.
The nose on this wine from regional pioneer Gary Eberle is reserved at first, then releases seared lemon, tightly wound stone fruit, soft butter and caramel nibs. There is a pleasant weight on the medium-density palate, with sour-leaning flavors of Granny Smith apple peels, lime rinds and some riper honeydew melon.
Arinto, sometimes used in sparkling wine, creates a bright, crisp, lime-flavored wine. It is powered by its acidity and the apple skin texture, all the fruit coming right to the front.
This perennial bargain-basement red offers solid fruit with herbal overtones, while the flavor profile veers toward cherries and licorice. Gets raisiny and more ponderous the more time you spend analyzing it.
Very ripe, with brandied cherries and dark chocolate combining on the palate. May be too much for some people, but the wine's roundness and soft, silky texture are undeniably appealing. Drink now.
French oak, coconut and oak-driven spice aromas emerge in the glass. The racy palate is leaner than previous vintages but still offers yellow apple skin and candied citrus zest flavors and firm acidity. It closes on a bitter note of raw almond.
This red blend offers a nose of black cherry and cedar, with flavors of cherry, vanilla, cedar and spice. Smooth, easy drinking and bright, it's a good choice for grilled meats, duck or tomato-based dishes.
This is a simple yet well made Chianti Classico with fresh and juicy black fruit, cinnamon spice and dense plum aromas and flavors. It's accessible and versatile for pairing with food; try it with barbecued chicken, spicy soy burgers or pork chops.
Dark red fruit, cracked pepper and the slightest hint of green herbs show on the nose of this pleasant bottling. The herb character is well integrated into a firmly tannic frame on the sip, where tart Montmorency cherry and black-plum skins mix with milk chocolate flavors. The tannins are sticky, yet the mouthfeel is soft in the midpalate.
This brand plays at the lower end of the Côtes du Rhône price spectrum, sometimes successfully. This wine has a subdued nose, then combines cherry, leather and earth notes on the palate. It's a bit astringent for the modest level of fruit, but still solid.
Predominantly Cabernet Sauvignon (60%), with the rest equal parts Cabernet Franc and Merlot, this offers aromas of vanilla, baking spice, green pepper and dark fruit, with the oak showing somewhat prominently. The palate brings well-balanced dark fruit and green-pepper flavors, with spice lingering on the finish.
A decent everyday Chard, with ripe flavors of pineapples, peaches and pears, and an oaky influence of vanilla and buttercream.
This wine seems hotter than it actually is at 12.5% alcohol, thanks to its aromas of candied fruit under spirit, white cherry liquor and rum spongecake. Beyond these more recognizable elements is a smooth background of fruit.
This GSM blend includes bits of Carignan and Cinsault. It's a full-bodied, supple wine intended for youthful consumption, with a long, mouthwatering finish. Raspberry and cherry fruit is balanced by savory notes of earth and mocha. Drink now–2016.
There are lots of rich blackberry, cherry and currant flavors in this dry young wine. You'll also find the dried herb flavor that often characterize Alexander Valley Cabernet Sauvignon. It's a bit high in alcohol and doesn't seem to be an ager, but it's finely crafted.
This opens with a beautiful fragrance of rose, violet, perfumed berry, leather, baking spice and a balsamic note. The palate is still young, weaving together sour cherry, crushed raspberry, cinnamon, anise and mocha alongside assertive but finely grained tannins. Drink 2018–2024.
Surprisingly complete and harmonious for a Riesling in this price range, Wagtail's 2006 boasts opening scents of honey, ripe apples, citrus and crushed stone. Peach and citrus flavors dominate the palate, ending dry and stony. Drink now.
A substantial, mouthfilling, plump and seductive wine, offering a chewy mix of cherry/berry red fruits, mocha, vanilla and baking spice. It's a solid, ripe, well-crafted wine that delivers a lot of pleasure right up front. A huge improvement over the disappointing 2002.
While ample flavors of apricot and rose are made even richer by residual sweetness, the components are abundant but slightly out of focus. Opulent and round, this might find its match in a mature wedge of oozing Munster cheese.
94–96. Barrel sample. A seriously rich, full, extracted wine, packed with dense tannins and complex fruits. The wine has weight, dark tannins and a solid character that will certainly age well.
Easily deserves its high score due to the ripe cassis flavors and near-perfect tannins. Caresses and seduces the palate with the soft velvety intensity of a fine liqueur. Yet some tough tannins and firm acidity make for a scour on the palate. May or may not age; hard to tell. A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and Merlot.
Simple pear and vanilla flavors fill a thick, blocky midpalate. There's no lift to the flavors; they are clean but not fresh, fruity but without any zip. Perhaps just a dull bottle?
Vigneto annually honors a single grower from among Ponzi's suppliers; here the spotlight is on Bieze vineyard in the Eola-Amity Hills AVA. The sweet raspberry fruit brings overtones of spiced orange peel, clove and marzipan, and the wine has sustained length and power, with exceptional purity throughout.
Dry and hot, with a brittle feeling in the mouth, like chewing on plastic wrap. Shows Lifesaver candy flavors of sour cherries, oranges and raspberries, finished with a hit of tart acidity. Drink now.
Chilean winemakers liked 2013 for its coolness, and this Malbec-Carmenère blend shows racy acidity as its defining component. Aromas of blackberry and plum are floral and smoky. High acidity makes for a tight, pulling palate with flavors of red plum and oak spice. A muscular finish is still pumping with acidity, so this stays bold to the end; drink through 2030.
A mix of floral, tropical and citrus aromas is more than fine. A snappy citric palate is racy and high in cleansing acidity. Citrus flavors are plain and simple, while this is entirely clean and fresh on the finish.
A wonderfully herbal lift of mint precedes ripe cherry fruit on the nose of this wine. The palate brims with lusciously ripe plum, while supple tannins provide a velvety but firm background against which the mellow fruit can play. It's fresh, juicy and full-bodied.
Balanced and fruity, this is a lightly structured wine. It has spice and ripe red-berry fruits in a warm strawberry character. Drink now.
Tastes as sweet as Lifesaver lemon and pineapple candy, with low acidity.
All Cabernet Sauvignon coming from Hedges Estate and Magdelena vineyards, this is aromatically locked up on first pour, with notes of herbs, flowers, bittersweet chocolate and earth. The dark fruit flavors are tightly wound, needing hours of decanting or days open to show themselves but plenty of charms are revealed.
This is yet another dense, powerful single-vineyard wine from Artadi. The palate is pure silk and very ripe. Saturated blackberry, boysenberry, toast, chocolate and herbal flavors finish plump and smooth. This delicious, unctuous heavyweight from a hot year is made for early consumption; drink through 2019.
Superpretty aromas of earth, balsam wood, coconut, graphite and blackberry comprise the excellent bouquet. It feels full and shows great definition, with smoky dark-berry flavors and notes of licorice and pepper. It's elegant on the finish for such a muscular, modern Syrah. Drink now–2016. One of Chile's best Syrahs.
Dusty scents of spice and cinnamon lead into a fruity red wine with a generous wash of oak. The cherry fruit is focused and tight, with a hint of cut tobacco adding interest.
Jammy, brambly aromas of grassy blueberry and balsamic vinegar make for a rough entry. This feels chunky, grabby and hard, while flavors of lactic oak and herbal blueberry are strained. A spicy, green-leaning finish comes with a final dose of hard tannins.
Alluring scents of perfumed berry, underbrush, pipe tobacco and leather come together on this firmly structured wine. The palate delivers mature black cherry, crushed raspberry, sage, rosemary, clove and a hint of cured meat. It's extremely well balanced thanks to assertive, fine-grained tannins and bright acidity.
One can make the argument that in 2005, Martinet Bru, Mas Martinet's “second” wine, is every bit as good and quite a bit more approachable than Clos Martinet. This wine is entirely solid and free of holes. It shows deep, ripe cassis and berry flavors along with chocolaty richness and accents of sage and herbs. Drink now through 2012. A Europvin, Christopher Cannan selection, imported by multiple importers, including Michael Skurnik Wines.
Soft, lush and round, this wine has a dense backbone of oak and tannin and moderate acidity. Cherry cola and vanilla flavors ride along seamlessly to a toasty finish.
The flinty whiff of reduction still clings to this wine, marking it out for longevity. On the palate it's uncompromisingly dry and wonderfully bracing, with a tart, bright streak of lemon at its citric core. Lithe and slender, it delivers a clean finish.
Showing the ripeness of the vintage, this is a smooth, lightly textured wine, with plenty of yellow and citrus fruits. The wine needs a few months, so drink from late 2017.
This smells rubbery, with oaky spice, but airing allows it to expand across a lively palate. Herbal, spicy red-berry flavors are strongest in the midpalate, while peppery flavors, rubbery tannins and scratchiness define the finish.
Initially closed, this eventually offers alluring aromas of toasted hazelnut, exotic spice, steeped plum and nutmeg. The chewy palate offers juicy Marasca cherry, baking spice, vanilla and a hint of coffee alongside velvety tannins that lend polished support and a smooth mouthfeel. Drink through 2023.
One of the new generation of regional wines, this Grüner Veltliner exhibits all the open flavors of the variety, with some spice and pepper, pear skin texture and a fresh, flowery acidity. Drink this summer. Screwcap.
Lighter in body and substance than the 2000 vintage, with cola, cherry and spice flavors wrapped in soft, easy tannins and crisp acids. Drinks very dry, with oaky influences. Nice in the mouth, and versatile at the table, but basically simple.
Crisp and refreshing for a Gewürz, a variety that can often get overblown. Peppery floral scents mingle with green apples, moving smoothly into pineapple, peach and pear fruit flavors. Minty-fresh greens emerge to play a leading role on the long, clean finish.
Here's a beautiful and well-executed Riserva Pinot Nero that shows balance, complexity and a wide array of wild berry, cola, spice and toasted-almond aromas. There's also a refreshing touch of chopped mint and basil on the crisp finish.
Stalky smelling, with a minerally streak. Feels tangy and lean, with lemon, sour apple and white currant flavors. Short on the finish.
This Mencía smells earthy and a bit stalky. In the mouth, it's grabby along the edges but hollow in the middle. Tomato and herbal red-fruit flavors simmer on the finish with spice notes and raw red-fruit flavors.
This is massive, hugely concentrated, topped with wood and intense tannins. Flavors of bitter chocolate are dominant, heavy fruits, blackberries and texture that fills the mouth with dark, dense flavors. Big in all senses.
Norton's Lo Tengo (I Got It) line has a winner in this vivacious Malbec. It's light and a little candied on the nose, but also floral and attractive. The palate is medium-bodied and fresh, with raspberry, cherry and cassis flavors. Clean, mildly tannic, good acidity: what more do want from an inexpensive, trendy red?
From a small parcel of village vines in Puligny-Montrachet, Domaine de la Vougeraie has fashioned an intense wine that balances ripe but crisp green plum and toast flavors. It is concentrated and already well integrated.
This vineyard continues to impress in both this variety and others, this wine showing off its ability to offer fistfuls of red, blue and black fruit as juicy acidity signals freshness and ageability. A wooded undertone of brush and bramble meets swathes of lavender, licorice and ever-so-satisfying dark chocolate as the length of the wine goes on for days.
Aromas of dark berry, licorice and chopped herb lead the nose. The structured palate offers red and black cherry, clove, tobacco and a hint of orange zest alongside firm, ripe tannins. Drink 2018–2024.
The aromas jump out of the glass, with notes of dried orange peel, fresh white flowers, herb, smoked meat, moist earth and potpourri. The palate is plush and lush with abundant fruit and savory flavors, with floral and gravel notes threaded throughout. It's as much about feel as flavor.
Invigorating acidity and slightly restrained black cherry and plum notes lend a cool elegance to this delicately framed Cabernet Sauvignon. An inviting wine that welcomes richer poultry or pork dishes, it's sprightly and fresh, lingering long on a spicy, cedar-toned finish.
This 100% varietal is lightly aromatic with notes of herbs, cherry and barrel spices. The palate is medium-bodied with cinnamon-stick flavors, coffee tones and tart acidity.
Cascina Ferrero is a beautiful and linear wine with cooling acidity and lingering aromas of chopped herb, redwood, leather, tobacco, old spice, cola, linseed oil and balsam notes. This is a very vertical and buoyant wine that would pair well with fatty foods such as roast suckling pig. It evolves nicely in the mouth to offer polished tannins and a firm close.
Arresting and perfumed, this wine displays aromas of stargazer lilies, fire pit, tapenade and smoked meat, displaying exquisite nuance and detail. Flavors are intensely rich yet light in their styling, with a savory and floral finish that continues as long as you care to count. It displays a rare sense of delicacy and intensity that is breathtaking.
Using fruit sourced from a small appellation to the west of Cahors and east of Bergerac, this blend of Merlot and Malbec shows a light, approachable character. It's full of red berry fruit, with sweet tannins and juicy acids on the finish.
A ripe, peachy wine that is rich and rounded, touched by toast from wood. Then there is a fresher element of citrus, pineapple juice and green plums. The two elements come together finely in balance, finishing with richness.
Stylish oak aromas combine with rich fruit flavors in this full-bodied, velvet-textured wine. It smells like ripe black cherries, vanilla and caramel, with a fruit-forward palate. Made by the Lange Twins Winery.
Initial aromas of lactic oak and sawdust show on the nose, although with time this wine shows more appealing scents of smoky spice and black fruits. Woody and round in feel, this soft Carmenère offers char, hickory and blackberry flavors in front of a plump finish. Drink now.
Rajat Parr's take on this historic vineyard walks a tasty aromatic line between squeezed citrus, whipped vanilla cream and brisk stone fruits. On the palate, salinity reigns atop grilled lemon and honeydew, delivering just flecks of vanilla.
This sweet, sparkling Rosato opens with fresh tones of raspberry and blueberry followed by simple freshness in the mouth. There's not much here, but the wine is cheerful and fun overall.
Here is a lean, firm and austere Barolo with a dark garnet color and forthcoming aromas of black currant, tar, leather, white chocolate and slight shadings of exotic spice. The wine's texture is lean and tight with young tannins that need another five years or more to soften.
Nambrot (a Bordeaux-inspired blend) is characterized by thick density and ripe fruit flavors of blackberry, plums and dried currants. The mouth is firm and solid and the wine has thick, drying tannins and a very long finish. This is a beautifully evolved and elegant wine.
This is a big Pinot, dark and full-bodied, Rhône-like. It is not typical Santa Maria, although the acidity is cool-climate. It's very dry and fairly tannic, and calls for a slow-cooked meat dish, like short ribs, to play off its smoky, cherry flavors.
Solidly mainstream in style, Whitehaven's 2009 Sauvignon Blanc displays slightly sweaty aromas to accent its red bell pepper and passion fruit flavors. It's nicely concentrated, with enough palate weight to pair with slightly rich fish or poultry dishes. Drink up.
Pungent, with grapefruit and grassy aromas that are true to the variety. The palate is fresh, the flavors good and fruity. There's mango and tangerine, and also some garden-fresh asparagus in the mix. The finish, too, is perfectly fresh; it's there one moment and gone the next.
A rich, fruity Chardonnay with lots of flavor and bright, mouthwatering acidity. Made sur lie, but with no oak, it has yeasty notes accenting pineapples, Asian pears, green apples, honeysuckle, cinnamon and vanilla.
Here you will find classic Bourbon barrel-vanilla flavors, but with bright, polished fruit showing through. This is firm and substantial—very clean winemaking—crisp, tight, polished and silky. Already it's showing layers of berries, currants and blueberries.
Hints of umami richness lend savoriness to primary red-cherry and cranberry flavors on this nuanced wine. Supple like silk yet refreshingly mineral, it finishes crisp and clean with lingering wet-granite notes.
Grass, lime, even asparagus notes show in this decidedly Kiwi-inspired Sauvignon Blanc. Lean and tangy to the max.
Tangy and juicy, this is a bright, still tight wine. A strong mineral character dominates the texture and suggests the wine needs time to allow the crisp citrus and acidity to come through. Drink from 2017.
This Bordeaux blend, made with all five red grapes, is fruity in cherry, cocoa, blackberry and oak flavors, with smooth, sophisticated tannins. Made solidly in the new style of softness, ultraripeness and highish alcohol.
This wine hits the ground running, with a surging nose of ripe raspberries, cassis, coffee, tobacco and chocolate. Those flavors fall right into line in the mouth, the fruit so bright and fresh you can almost see it. Flavors are focused and penetrating; little details keep emerging throughout a lengthy finish. It's hard to believe this is a $15 wine.
As with other wines produced by the Dulon family, this suffers from too much oak. Here it shows in the wood acidity, the burnt character and the bitter coffee flavors. It's a shame because somewhere under there is fruit. A year or two more will help, so wait until 2018.
Made with a splash of Cabernet Franc, this wine is soft, a little sweet and oaky. Fifty percent new French barrels shows up in the form of butterscotch and vanilla, while the underlying grape flavors of blackberries and cherries are tasty. Drink now.
Perfumed berry, dark spice, dried herb, a hint of tar and a balsamic note are some of the aromas you'll find on this striking red. The racy palate boasts finesse and structure, delivering red cherry, raspberry, white pepper and cinnamon alongside bracing but refined tannins and vibrant acidity. This is made for lengthy cellaring so give it ample time to fully develop into the dazzling wine it promises to become. Drink 2021–2036.
The wine comes from a small strip of a half acre in the center of this famed grand cru, part of the Olivier Leflaive family domaine. It is laden with toast flavors from the wood fermentation as well as intense fruit, green plums and crisp apples which are given extra richness by apricots. Concentrated and densely textured the wine will develop so well. Drink from 2022.
Rich and mouth-filling, showing a bone dry, briskly tannic scour, and exuberant flavors of pepper, blackberries, currants, leather and smoke. Drink now.
This rich botrytized wine is certainly sweet. But the intense dry botrytis character is much more evident, with an edge of bitter honey, crushed brown sugar and tight, taut acidity. Put all this down to youth, because this potentially delicious wine needs aging for at least another five years.
Rubbery, jammy and dark on the nose, then juicy, fresh and linear in the mouth. This is a racy wine courtesy of high-acid Graciano; it's punchy and offers bright red berry, plum, dill and vanilla flavors. Finishes with some fresh tang and black cherry tea notes.
There's smoke, pink grapefruit, graphite and just a hint of asparagus on the nose, but virtually nothing to indicate this wine is over 10 years old. Honeyed grapefruit flavors feature a liberal dusting of minerals on the long finish.
A wine that reflects its northern Ribera location (Sotillo) through zesty, pointed aromas and some gritty char and minerality. The nose shows plenty of solid oak, chocolate and spice, and in the mouth the acids are a bit sharp and thus the wine is kind of spiky and angular. Still, it's a very nice RDD, just not as generous as it could or should be. Drink now–2019.
Complex mixed stone fruits dappled with sweet cinnamon spice lead into a fairly lush midpalate. The dominant flavor is fresh cut pear, and the creamy texture spreads the flavors broadly through the mouth. A lovely wine to match with halibut or swordfish.
A ripe character of Anjou pear and nectarine flesh mesh with honeydew rinds and smashed cement minerality on the nose of this bottling. The palate shows a touch of smoke wrapped around green and yellow pear flesh, plus cooked apples in the midpalate.
This wine is smooth and densely packed in earth and blackberry, the overall tone voluptuously concentrated and full bodied, with a tenacious embrace of ripeness.
Just a touch of honey-lemon sweetness is enough to make this zesty, citrus-focused Riesling lip smackingly delicious. Fresh, green herb and lime notes reverberate through a strong finish. Drinks well now but should meld nicely over the next five years.
This crisp, lively red shows off the herbal notes of Provence—what the French call garrigue—and tart cherry fruit. It's less ripe than many Côtes du Rhône wines, but bright and mouthwatering. Drink now–2020.
Dark and rich, with plummy, tomato flavors and quite a bit of tannin. It's very dry, with a real bite of acidity. Doesn't have the stuffing for aging, but it is a big, clean bruiser of a wine, and will drink nicely with rich foods.
A 50/50 blend of Chardonnay and Pinot Noir, this is a full-bodied wine, with layers of toast and some good maturity. It has good nutty flavors, as well as white fruits, some bitter orange and a balanced, soft aftertaste. Imported by Tri-Vin Imports.
A good effort from New Jersey's Unionville, this delicate Chard offers harmonious flavors of tropical fruit and flowers, with a touch of spice to add complexity. Balanced acid keeps the wine clean and light.
This bold wine has a very dark color and fresh, concentrated blackberry aromas. Generous berry and black pepper flavors seem to saturate the taste buds, leading to a lingering fruit and spice finish. The texture is almost viscous, as lots of fine tannins add grip. It's the rare wine with no added sulfites.
Savory whiffs of dried reed and stem blow off with aeration to reveal an unexpectedly effusive, fruity palate full of yellow cherry, peach and melon flavors. Off dry in style, this is an accessible, uncomplicated but elegantly balanced Riesling, finishing on a brisk citrus streak. Drink now through 2017.
An appealing wine for all types of Chardonnay palates, this bottling shows Meyer lemon zest, sea salt, tangerine pith, savory saffron and a touch of light butter on the nose. A salty lemon-curd flavor combo kicks off the palate, followed by honeysuckle and buttercream, proving rich yet dissected by smart acidity.
While grassy, herbal aromas dominate the aromas, plenty of white grapefruit comes through on the palate to provide for a crisp, refreshing mouthful. It's medium in weight, with some leafy and citrusy notes on the moderate-length finish.
A high-water mark for Jean León, which usually sticks to varietal wines. Zemis, on the other hand, is a blend of Cabernet, Merlot and Cab Franc that makes its point. After a tight, bruising, sulfuric beginning, the wine finds its groove, showing black cherry, plum and earth flavors. Thorough and rewarding; a fine red from Penedès.
Sangiovese from Chianti Classico is characterized by bright berry aromas and crisp acidity. This expression is no exception, although in this particular case the wine also offers playful layers of almond and spice to add texture at the back.
A blend of Gewürz and Riesling with a splash of icewine added to the mix, Pillitteri's Fusion is bright on the nose and palate with freshly pressed apple and Meyer lemon undertones. Waxy lemon peel and lanolin notes on the midpalate add an extra layer of dimension.
This fresh and youthful expression of Montepulciano shows a very nice and proper side of the grape. The wine is easy and genuine overall with just enough complexity to keep the palate entertained. Bold cherry and blackberry is segued  by bitter chocolate and light shadings of spice.
This wine is pulled from vineyards across the Columbia Valley, including Heather Hill, Bacchus, Dionysus, Ciel du Cheval and Destiny Ridge. A nuanced wine, it shows winemaker John Abbott in top form with its rich, layered fruit flavors, dazzling sense of texture and lengthy finish. It's drinking beautifully but promises to have a long life in front of it in the cellar.
The nose of this red offers assertive notes of bramble, forest berries and garrigue herbs, while the medium-weight mouth shows more fruit flavors of black cherry and plum. The finish is long and tasty with strong wood-driven spice. Drink now.
Aromas of apple, delicate white flowers and a whiff of chopped herbs lead the way. The round palate offers creamed pear, yellow peach and candied lemon drop alongside firm acidity and a creamy mousse.
There is a farmyard quality to the aromas, but the wine itself shows a finely structured character that offers a linear, herbaceous view. The wine has considerable aging potential, bringing out an enticing citrus character.
This is sweet and rich, featuring ripe, spicy fruit, a hint of honey and an opulent texture. Now mature, this is rounded and delicious.
Opens with herbal black fruit aromas, coffee and a helping of grass cuttings, while the palate is snappy in feel and shows flavors of blackberry, herbs and creamy vanilla. Steady on the finish, with mocha as the lasting flavor. Good but ordinary Carmenère.
There's some sharpness throughout this Zinfandel. The palate wishes it were smoother and more harmonious, especially since the flavors are very rich, suggesting ripe blackberries and blueberries, picked under a warm summer sun, as well as black pepper and mocha. Ready now.
Rotondo is a gorgeous wine that boasts intensity, integration and complexity. The long list of aromatic attributes includes black currant, candied fruit, bitter chocolate, soft vanilla and smokey campfire. Rock-solid tannins are characteristic of Aglianico so let this wine age five years or more in your cellar.
This wine feels a bit awkward in the mouth; the flavors don't quite connect. The light fruit flavors run to strawberry and watermelon—odd for Cabernet—and the mid-palate drops into a thin, hot and hard finish. There is some softness which makes it a quaffable, but generic red.
Made using 50% Barbera and 50% Alicante Bouschet, this wine is fragrant and full-bodied, with notes of toasty oak and leather. The blend spent more than a year in new French oak, and it shows, both in terms of taste and structure. Should be an interesting wine over time.
This is tart and shows mixed flavors of red berries, cranberry and hints of black cherry. The acids are upfront and forceful, and the usual herbal components seem muted. Perhaps the wine is in a bit of a dumb phase, but it is not showing the texture and length of previous Red Willow Cabs.
Ripe red and luscious black cherry are the fruity protagonists here, dominating nose and palate with their dense, aromatic ripeness. The fruit shimmers both red and black, backed by densely woven but fine tannins and countered by freshness and verve. Juiciness and fruit prevail.
Tastes soft and direct, with very ripe, accessible cherry, raspberry, cola, gingerbread, mocha, cinnamon spice and smoky oak flavors. Fairly one-dimensional, but a pretty Pinot Noir.
Bone dry but harmonious and well balanced, with ripe acidity and restrained pear, honey and petroleum notes in a medium-bodied frame. Its finish is long and minerally. Drinking well now but will show more finesse several years down the road.
There's a musty aroma to this wine that detracts, and the blackberry and spice flavors taste tamped down. It's also very tannic, and might blossom in a year or so.
Blackberries, cherries, French cured olives, anise and toasty oak are the flavors of this dry, stylish Cab. It has a nice balance and rich tannins, and is close to the quality of more expensive wines.
89-91 Barrel sample. Considerable freshness here, a wine that has ripe blackcurrant fruit, but very soft tannins.
Yeasty, rounded and almost earthy notes are conjured up on the nose. That almost soy-like yeastiness remains on the palate, where citrus zest cuts through the richness. Texturally this is creamy and buffered, but not without tone.
The small 11-acre estate is situated at the northern end of the Margaux appellation. This wine, with its high percentage (70%) of Merlot is richly fruity with generous tannins and brilliant, ripe blackberry flavors. It has just the right amount of structure to allow it to age. Drink from 2021.
A lively, fresh, lightly sweet wine, with raspberry and caramel flavors. It is crisp, but soft with an easy balancing acidity.
A miracle for Grateful Dead fans who have matured into wine, there's lots to like in this red blend that's got bright, friendly cherry fruit, a lick of spice and surprising sophistication. It's medium in weight, with a shock of silky berry fruit on the finish. The blend is 60% Zinfandel, 23% Petite Sirah, 11% Barbera and 6% Sangiovese. Pair it with mushroom pizza or burgers. Jerry would approve.
You have to love the '07 vintage. This is drinking beautifully right now, though official release (September) is still a ways off. Rich and delicious, full-bodied and aromatic, with exotic barrel scents and a lovely mélange of chocolate, mocha, caramel and spice. But the fruit is the main story, and it's full, ripe and substantial—cherry and cassis, licorice and just a hint of leaf.
Smooth, velvet-textured wine. It tastes like munching into mouthwatering black cherries. The acidity is important but not overwhelming. Ready to drink now.
This ambitious international effort stretches across several continents, aiming to produce hallmark Sauvignons from various regions. The Marlborough offering is pretty standard fare, featuring some grassy aromas and simple passion fruit flavors that finish a bit short.
Toasted aromas, oak and a whiff of woodland berry lead the nose. The bright palate offers strawberry, bread crust, toasted hazelnut and a hint of graphite alongside a silky perlage. Enjoy soon.
The palate is drenched in sweet oak and sugarplums. This is not to say that it is a syrupy quaff: there is also cocoa, toast, dried herbs and a note of eucalyptus that pinches at the finish.
Sturdy on the nose, this has cherry and red berry aromas. The palate is juicy, lively and fun, with crisp, focused red-plum and cassis flavors. Easy to quaff.
This wood-aged wine is rich and smooth with light toast blending with the yellow fruit and spice. Acidity gives the wine its freshness contrasting with the complex fruit and wood balance. Drink this fine wine from 2017.
Ripe aromas of blackberry, raisin and cassis blend nicely with graphite and vanilla notes. There's a mild, brooding power to this wine but mostly it's lush and generous, with warm blackberry, prune and licorice flavors. A smooth finish hums along with no tannic bite or hardness. Drink through 2016.
Like many wines from Marie-Laure Lurton, this is dry and shows its firm tannic and wood character. Here the wood verges on too much, giving an austere, hard character. However, the black currant fruit will come through, giving a dry wine that will have some richness. Drink from 2018.
Herbal, spicy aromas are strange, like uncooked hot dogs. This is plump on the palate, with flavors of spiced tomato and little more. A grabby finish lacks refinement.
A wine that is light and fruity. While it doesn't have great structure, it does offer fresh acidity, delicious raspberry flavors and bright acidity at the end. Drink now.
13.5%. Very dry. Dusty. Tomato, cola, rhubarb, spice rub. Young. Sour cherry. Bone dry. Fairly big, tight, awkward now. Huge, angular. Needs a few years to soften and settle down.
Very rich and fruity, stuffed with pear, peach and mango flavors that go on and on. Oak and yielding acids give this Chard a smooth, creamy mouthfeel.
There is obvious wood here, a toasty, dry character that shows through the fruit. The wine is young and with the sufficient weight of juicy black currant fruit, it should integrate well to give a solid, chunky wine in two years.
This is a rich, very rich wine that is packed with tropical fruits, generous apricot and peach flavors and spice. It is full in the mouth, showing some pepper from the alcohol that spoils the otherwise fruity character. The aftertaste does introduce some freshness.
A shy nose hints at crushed autumn leaves, fresh red fruit and soft vanilla. The palate has that same interplay of earthiness and red-berry fruit, supported by a gentle nudge of oaky vanilla. Slender and layered, the body shows a firm grip of very fine tannin. Freshness is evident on the finish. While lovely now, this elegant, poised wine will blossom over the coming years: the fruit is pure and ample; the structure firm and lasting. Drink 2020–2030.
The market is loaded with inexpensive Oregon wines at the moment, but few if any can offer this kind of quality at this price point. Crisp and fresh, this brings a mix of lime, quinine, pine needles and green apples into play. Well defined and immaculately clean, it can accompany a range of salads, noodle dishes or cold cuts.
From 100-plus-year-old Carignane vines, with splashes of Grenache, too, this is a refreshing wine for spring and summer. Stony in grapefruit and peach, it's balanced, light and dry with a fruity kick.
Mourvèdre has not been Tablas Creek's strong suit. The wine is soft and simple, with syrupy blackberry and chocolate-sweetened coffee flavors. Needs greater depth and complexity to succeed.
Rose petals, pomegranate, dried strawberry, a hint of tar and dried herbs combine for a complex nose on this bottling from the Lompoc-based winery. There is bright acidity on the palate, with cranberry, black pepper, coffee and cherry-pit flavors.
Intense acidity combines with spice and just the right amount of fresh fruitiness to give this lively wine that's full in the mouth. It's ripe and ready to drink.
This is the first Riesling from Whitman, and it's a beauty. Lovely, inviting aromas mix roses and rocks, leading into fresh, layered, complex fruit flavors of pear, apple, white peach and orange. It's got plenty of acid so the residual sugar is almost undetectable, but the alcohol stays at a Germanic 12.5%. This is so good it makes you wish that winemaker Steve Lessard had been doing Riesling all along.
Forward fruit and oak flavors mark this clean, swift Chardonnay. The palate boasts apricot, papaya and buttered toast flavors, balanced with crisp acidity.
Dark in color, with aromas of bacon fat, blackberry candy and vanilla. The body is medium to full, with grabby tannins that support mildly medicinal blackberry and cherry flavors. Finishes clean and regular, with no nasty residue or forced oak.
This is a fresh and luminous blend of Sauvignon Blanc, Chardonnay and Cortese that really hits home thanks to its frank approach and pristine aromas of citrus, stone fruit and honey. The wine is crisp and slightly sweet with an attractively creamy texture. Four lions symbolize four winemaking families of Piedmont.
This is a powerful, gutsy Cabernet, currently lacking finesse. It's young, dry and brash, with sticky tannins and unmelded flavors and textures. The blackberry, cherry and oak flavors are sweet and delicious. Seems best now and soon, although it could be a sleeper.
This starts off with aromas of mature black fruit, allspice and toast. The full-bodied palate offers prune, mature blackberry, toasted oak and ground black pepper alongside hearty tannins.
Watermelon, strawberry and pie-cherry fruit flavors showcase a light and quite pretty rosé. Bone-dry despite the very low alcohol, it's backed with crisp acidity, a dash of minerality, and a finishing whiff of cocoa powder.
Big, tough, gutsy, fruity, tannic. In other words, Petite Sirah, and classic at that. Shows very ripe, deep and long-lasting flavors of blackberries, blueberries, currants, chocolate, cedar and spices, in a bone-dry, full-bodied red wine. Good now, and should develop over a decade.
Made entirely with Sangiovese, this offers aromas of blue flowers and wild berries. The firm palate delivers black cherry, black raspberry, white pepper and clove while a note of orange zest lifts up the finish. Firm, fine-grained tannins deftly support the juicy flavors. Drink 2016–2020.
It's only moderately intense, but this wine still offers a relatively dry yet charming introduction to Pfalz Riesling. Lime and brine aromas and a light texture suggest use as an apéritif or with seafood dishes rather than anything more substantial.
This new release of Riot changes the grapes around, with Sangiovese now comprising half of the wine and Mourvèdre and Grenache filling in the rest of the mix. It's a fun blend, fruity and broad, with a tart raspberry kick and a plummy, spicy finish.
On the nose, this is rough and rustic. If the palate is less obviously barnyard, it still carries something of that character, with blackberry and wood flavors along with spicy accents. The wine is still young, so the rough edges could smooth out. Drink from 2015.
While dry in style, sumptuous black cherry and cassis notes lend a plummy feel to this Lemberger. It's an uncomplicated welcoming wine that's a bit plush in mouthfeel but invigorated by bright cranberry acidity on the finish. Drink now.
This smooth, opulent meditation wine opens with aromas of acacia honey, cake spice and dried fruit. The honey note carries over to the enveloping palate along with notes of cinnamon and candied orange zest.
Full of ripe, tropical fruit flavor, the wine is already generous. Apricot and mango come through the fresh acidity, giving both richness and a more textured edge. It is ready to drink, but by 2015 will be even better.
As an inexpensive introduction to Barossa Shiraz this fits the bill, offering a moderately full-bodied, syrupy mouthfeel to complement the aromas and flavors of raspberry, cedar and mint. Finishes bright and fresh, without any roasted qualities.
A zippy, spicy nose offering minerality, earthiness and red berries starts this pert Zinfandel. The wine offers balanced tannins, fruit and a fresh acidity. Friendly and fun.
Overripe and Porty, with raisin, prune and chocolate flavors that finish hot and slightly sweet. The heat simply overwhelmed this Merlot.
This offers aromas of honeydew melon and vanilla. On the palate, gentle flavors of nutmeg, cinnamon and eucalyptus predominate over a bright burst of citrus. Tannins are a tad bold for a relatively delicate white wine, but they are tempered by baking spice flavors that wash across the tongue and notes of tangerine on the back palate.
Ripe red fruits dominate this soft and juicy wine. The light structure and touch of tannin give shape to this easy wine. Drink now.
Scents of woodland berry, rose petal, grilled herb, anisette and a balsamic note emerge on this firmly structured wine. On the robust palate, white pepper, licorice, sage and a hint of toast weave through the black cherry core. You'll also detect the warmth of alcohol on the close. Drink 2018–2028.
Smoky like a barbecue, this wine offers a soft simple thread of cured meat and sweet berry pie, while the oak is supportive and evocative of vanilla. Full bodied, this is a bold, ripe wine.
This is a classic California interpretation of a southern Rhône-style blend. It's a good wine, smooth and pleasant if not particularly complex, offering rich flavors of cherry, cherry liqueur, cola, mocha, bacon and white pepper. Drink now.
Pavilion's price and quality have not varied in years, making it one of the more dependable Cabs. As always, it's ripe and juicy in forwardly sweet blackberry, cherry, toffee and vanilla flavors that finish with a swirl of toast.
Here's a big, bold, lip-smacking Zin from Napa Valley. It shows ripe berry, cola, pepper, licorice and cocoa flavors, and is full-bodied and drily tannic. Great with pizza, enchiladas or Swedish meatballs.
Dominated by the local star grape Mourvèdre, the wine is ripe, spicy and packed with fresh red-currant and strawberry fruit. It has spice, crisp acidity as well as a full rich aftertaste. Drink now.
Aromas of acacia flower, honey and beeswax carry over to the palate along with mature yellow apple. It has an overripe quality and has already reached its ideal drinking window so enjoy now.
A gentle, easy Pinot, showing a finely dry, silky texture and ripe flavors of cherry and raspberry jam. Drink now.
With its origins in the 17th century, this estate has 50 acres. This red with its ripe tannins and juicy red-berry fruits has the weight to give richness as well as fruit. A good structure supports the fruit while remaining discretely in the background. Drink now.
A beautifully ripe wine, layered with the richest fruit, the acidity offering a bright moment within the richness. Botrytis is there, like a hard core for the pillow of ripe apricots, lychees, spice and fine freshness.
Intense aromas of tomato vine, chopped mint, basil and sage lead the nose. The savory, linear palate presents citrus zest, yellow stone fruit, aromatic herb and mineral alongside vibrant acidity that leaves a tangy finish.
Heavy and mossy, with foresty aromas that transition toward burnt. The palate runs scratchy and sharp, with red plum and cherry skin flavors. Has its qualities but in general it runs with too much heat and friction.
Made in the modern cult style, this Cab is soft, voluptuously oaky and extracted in perfectly ripe blackberries and currants, with spicy, oaky notes. It's refined and classically Napa and impressive, although it's not that much different from other Cabs of its pedigree.
The wood influence in this wine is almost too much for the fruit, even in the future. It has a severe, burnt character that shows an herb flavor and a tight texture.
Pressed apple and dusty mineral tones turn a shade brighter on the palate of this crisp-tart off-dry wine. Zesty green apple and a touch of fresh herb linger through a moderately long finish. Drink now through 2020.
A light lime flavor comes with a pleasing hint of tangerine in this wine. It becomes quite slender as it rapidly runs into a slightly metallic finish.
Grassy, green aromas are dull and fruitless. The palate is citric at first but then it collapses. Flavors of citrus and tarragon finish bland and with vegetal leanings.
Juicy black fruit shines in this full-bodied wine with structured tannins. Weighty and concentrated, with light dustings of black pepper and cinnamon, its oak is supportive and seasoned in a touch of vanilla.
Subdued underbrush, red berry and culinary spice aromas emerge in this tight, young red. The palate is bright and lean, offering tart cherry, dried sage and clove flavors, bolstered by taut tannins and racy acidity.
Aromas of pear and yellow apple are at the fore. It drinks off dry with full feel. There's enjoyment to be had but the varietal is hard to discern.
A very good but not great Cask 23, showing plenty of decadence and flair but not perhaps that extra edge of complexity. It's forward now in sweet new oak and flashy, jammy blackberries, cherries and raspberries. The tannins are quite an achievement, rich, vibrant and supple. Made from 100% Cabernet, it's full-bodied and dense, with a chocolaty finish. Could gain in the bottle beyond 2012 to about 2018.
A wood-aged blend of Chardonnay and Arinto, this is a rich, dense wine. Ripe creamed apples and pears have intense acidity while a toasty note gives the palate a rich, full character. Drink this finely balanced wine from 2017.
A fruity, dry Syrah that has delicious blackberry, blueberry, anise and spice flavors. It's pretty tannic, but a nice beef or lamb dish will help cut through the astringency. It's structure is classy and elegant. Easily Arcadian's best Syrah, it drinks well now when decanted, and it should develop over the next six years.
The aromas are quite reserved, with notes of cherry, herb, smoke and graphite. The black-fruit flavors, in contrast, are rich and full, bringing a sense of hedonism. It brings plenty of appeal now but should bring even more if the aromas open up.
Slightly grassy and pungent on the nose, but this sweet, fizzy Muscat turns more charming on the palate, where hints of pineapple and underripe citrus help to balance out the considerable sugar. Finishes fresh and soft at the same time. Drink now.
With fresh, pure fruit flavors, great balance and very full body, this wine will be great at the table. It has a dry but velvety feel, moderate tannins and good acidity, all of which lift up the great cherry and boysenberry nuances and give an overall impression of freshness.
Creamy, almost mellow notes of ripe yellow apple constitute the nose. The palate intensifies that creaminess with hints of vanilla and burnt sugar as well as with a finely fizzing, creamy mousse. All this is countered and balanced by sprightly freshness. Overall it conveys an opulent, hedonistic style, with an expressive and long finish reminiscent of salted caramel.
90-92 All structure and tannin over the austere black fruits. The wine at this stage is powered by its texture rather than the fruit.
Here's a smokey, mineral-driven Aglianico del Vulture with drying aromas of slate or granite backed by a thin layer of dried fruit and cassis. A spicy note of clove or black pepper appears on the tight, tannic close.
Ironstone's 2002 Bordeaux reds all are very good, and it's clear what they're aiming at. This Cabernet, the current release, is packed with black currant, cocoa and oak flavors that drink deep and long. Yet it retains a trace of the rustic sharpness that marks most Sierra Foothills wines. The next step is elegance.
A wine with good depth of flavor, this is uses fruit that was selected from the best parcels of Le Grand Verdus. It has firm tannins, along with flavors of rich black fruits and wood-derived spices. With its weight and concentration, it's a wine that should age over several years.
Baked plum, baking spice, blue flower and pipe tobacco meld together with earthy aromas of new leather and a whiff of underbrush on this impressive wine. The firmly structured palate offers dried black cherry, blackberry jam, dark chocolate and star anise. Firm velvety tannins envelope the palate. Drink 2019–2029.
Aromas have a pleasing toastiness, built around pretty strawberry fruit. The mouthfeel is a bit granular, balanced and highlighted with flavors of cocoa and coffee. It offers a relatively good value in Willamette Valley Pinot Noir.
Aged in French oak for 30 months, this bright Amarone shows good integration between ripe fruit and spice aromas. The wine is smooth and velvety on the close and would pair with lamb stew and potatoes.
There's no doubting this is a rich wine. It's flamboyant in jammy cherry, boysenberry and cola flavors, while oak adds pronounced char and vanilla. It's the most expensive wine ever released by the winery, but tasty as it is, it's sweet and simple. Tasted four times.
This aromatic, medium-bodied white flirts with a distinct grassiness that can overwhelm, before settling into finer notions of grapefruit and stone fruit, as well as ripe, fleshy cantaloupe.
This is a juicy, medium-bodied wine that gushes with cherry and ripe plum flavors, and has an easy texture without much tannin. It's nice and smooth and easy to appreciate.
Beautiful layers of cherry-berry, anise, menthol, cedar, minerality and damp clay form an intense and elegant whole. Medium structure with earth, tea-like flavors and a mélange of berries preface a smoky, spicy finish. Imported by Banfi Vintners.
A youthful, bold Brunello with exotic spice, dark vanilla bean, leather, toasted oak and chestnut. Background tones include bramble, wild berry, blueberry and cola. Bright and firm on the finish.
Hard and tough to penetrate on the nose. The palate is crisp and a bit raw in feel, with narrow, dry plum and berry flavors. Finishes with buttery tasting oak and a crisp, acidic fade-away.
Many people feel Fiano represents southern Italy’s most promising white grape, and after tasting this rendition, who can argue? The flavor package is pineapple, citrus and wet stones. The structure and mouthfeel are what many Italian whites strive for but never reach. An elegant wine.
Perfectly capturing the AVA's signature mix of herb, leaf, wild berry and white pepper in a compelling nose, this rolls into a full midpalate that is flush with tangy pie-cherry fruit. Some tasters may find it pushes a bit too far toward the herbal flavors. The overall balance is lovely.
Blended with 8% Cabernet Sauvignon, this mountain-grown wine offers bold black plum and berry around a compacted, extracted fullness of tannin and French oak. Dried herb, clove and vanilla accent the fruit, while the finish lingers gingerly.
Made in the easy, crisp and affordable style that has made this variety so popular, this Pinot Grigio has fruity flavors of peaches, apricots, apples, pineapples, tangerines and vanilla, with a spicy, honeyed finish.
Underbrush, pressed flowers and red berry aromas lead the nose. The easy-drinking palate offers ripe raspberry, black cherry, almond and a note of anise alongside polished tannins. This is already extremely accessible so enjoy now.
Leather and tar up front, followed by sweet fruit with adequate depth and plenty of plum and berry. A bit soft, touching on overripe, but pretty good despite some burnt, rubbery notes to the finish.
This tastes like blackberry wine made with white sugar. The tannins and acids are fine, but that sweetness is unbalanced in a table wine.
Perfumed and lightly spicy, this is a Sauvignon Blanc that brings out the tropical fruit side of the grape. With its rich fruit and soft citrus, it is smooth and ready to drink.
90–92 Apples and cream, richness and sweetness, this wine is almost ready to drink. There is acidity and freshness, as well as fine botrytis.
This is made from a majority Cabernet Sauvignon, with 11% Merlot and 2% Cabernet Franc. This makes for a softly layered tease of cinnamon, cedar and brush, with the tannins dry and grippy. Black licorice and violet dot the nose and palate. Drink now–2020.
A precise and penetrating mix of black cherry fruit, cut tobacco, and blended barrel notes that mix in streaks of clove, cinnamon, coffee and bitter chocolate, this wine has the structure and depth to age gracefully for another 6–8 years.
This is a great example of a variety Americans are still learning to embrace. Plum and cherry aromas and flavors are approachable and soft, but the wine has good tannic structure which shows potential to age. This would be great with lasagna, steak or vegetarian cuisine.
The wood is still showing in this ripe, fruity wine. That's fine because the fruit and the perfumed acidity will fill out the wine and give it richness. Drink from 2018.
Simple and straightforward, this Chardonnay has notes of vanilla, caramel and oak. A bite of sweet baked apple is most pronounced on the finish.
Earthy aromas of truffle, forest floor, woodland berry, mint and new leather escape the glass. Bright and elegantly structured, the polished palate delivers Marasca cherry, cranberry, cinnamon and star anise framed in youthfully firm, refined tannins. Fresh acidity lends balance. Drink 2023–2038.
This is a very pretty expression of Vermentino that opens with crisp citrus notes followed by stone fruit and honeysuckle. The wine is compact, but not thin or watery. In fact, the natural density here is enough to pair with grilled swordfish or spicy Thai food.
This light- to medium-bodied wine features slightly vegetative notes of cherry tomato and tomato leaf, kept focused by tart acids. That crispness could serve it well as a foil to rich salmon dishes.
This Concha y Toro brand almost always delivers good quality for a fair price, but this wine doesn't accomplish much. It smells like a child's fruit drink, and the strawberry and raspberry flavors are equally candied. And in the mouth the wine seems heavy at first and then vacuous later on, as if everything holding it together had evaporated. Not imported to the U.S.
Montefalco Rosso is the less austere cousin of Sagrantino di Montefalco and although this blend of Sangiovese, Sagrantino and Cabernet Sauvignon offers all kinds of spice, cherry notes and firm tannins, it is too masked by heavy oak tones. The wine exhibits aromas that recall burnt wood or toast, making those oak tones too sharp and obvious to score higher.
Opens with a blast of freshly ground black peppercorns, and that peppery tastes travels into the flavor. A very unusual and distinctive wine, it's absolutely, refreshingly dry, with richer notes of cherries, currants and tangerine zest, finishing with a swirl of spicy anise, clove and cinnamon.
This has aromas of yellow flower and orchard fruit while the rather lean palate shows green pear, saline and obvious alcohol. A note of bitter almond closes it down.
This has a deeper-than-usual yellow-gold color, and slight aromas and flavors that are more earthy and nutty than fruity. It is difficult to find the varietal character. It's a basic, rather full-bodied and drinkable white wine.
Red berry fruit with touches of vanilla and spice give this bargain-priced Pinot a candied but inviting set of aromas. The palate runs on fresh fruit, and overall it's all about clean, forward juicy flavors and very little extra. A nice aperitif Pinot Noir.
Blueberry and raspberry aromas are front and center along with a hint of animal hide. In the mouth, this is bullish, ripe and generous, with oak-rich flavors of vanilla, baked berry fruit and spice. Licorice, latent oak and heat work the finish on this ripe specimen. Among Chilean Syrahs, this is a perennial pack leader.
Try this rare wine from a vineyard planted in the 1880s. Aromas like maple syrup and vanilla, and flavors like raspberry and cherry jam make this wine seem sweet and feel soft as a pillow, but understand that the alcohol level is almost high enough for a Port.
Based in Macau in the southern Médoc, this estate is dominated by Merlot. That gives a rich wine, suffused with some attractive dusty tannins and juicy blackberry fruit. The aftertaste leaves crisp acidity. Drink the wine from 2019.
This is so smooth, rich and mellow, you hardly notice how intense the tannins are. But they are hard, and lock down the flavors of black currant and black licorice, plus the complex notes of minerals, roasted game and dark spices. Drink this Malbec-based blend now after decanting and over the next six years.
Snappy and nice, with a touch of mineral. Otherwise it's all about ripe apple and pear up front and citrus on the back palate and finish. Zesty and clean, with the mildest amount of honeyed sweetness. Imported by Palm Bay Imports.
This off-dry wine is solid, with a mix of lemons and oranges in a broad, fruity midpalate. A thick streak of sweet tea comes up also, and the wine, though blocky and one-dimensional, is quite nice chilled down as an apéritif.
Aromas of vineyard dust, red cherry and a hint of cake spice meld together on this. The round, easy drinking palate delivers raspberry jelly, clove, grilled herb and a hint of anise alongside lithe tannins. Drink through 2018.
Intense notes of crushed stone and slate permeate this stately off-dry Riesling. Pert lemon and tangerine flavors are zippy and fresh, but the wine is more a showcase for its brisk, stony style.
This Bordeaux-style blend, based on Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot, is the winery's best in years. It shows the soft tannins and herbal quality of Alexander Valley Cabs, yet is rich enough in blackberry, currant and oak to satisfy. Its tannin structure feels elegant, with layers of complexity to accompany fine cuisine. Drink now–2015 for its freshness.
In terms of value, Sassoalloro is one of the most interesting wines in Italy. Here you have a major, cult-level super Tuscan available at a surprisingly reasonable price. Elegance and complexity come through in spades and so do fine aromas of red cherry, licorice and toasted almond.
This offers mature black-skinned fruit and underbrush aromas. The palate is ripe yet firm, delivering prune, mocha and clove clove flavors blanketed in chewy tannins. Drink 2018–2023.
Hugely ripe, this is a dense and potentially intense wine. Its high alcohol brings out a disturbing pepper character that spoils the purity of the rich fruits and mineral texture. It shows the heat of the volcanic soil of Ragen de Thann Grand Cru in its rich fruits and ripe structure. It does need aging, so drink from 2017.
The Mayor is the winery's most unusual blend, a mix of Bordeaux and Rhône grapes that's aged for 21 months in French, eastern European and American oak barrels. It's a mélange of flavors, but the barrel notes take over in the form of pretty baking spices that don't quite mask the green and raisiny fruit. Best to drink soon.
Slights hints of smoked meat and toasted nut open the aromatic parameters of this vibrant Barbera d'Asti. There's plenty of berry fruit at the base as well as natural crispness, but those warmer aromas help soften the acidic blow.
Vivid, tangy cherry and raspberry flavors practically light up this medium-bodied, polished and complex wine. It pours out red cherry, cranberry and raspberry in refreshing bursts with each sip, with a lightly astringent, lip-smacking finish.
This wine, with its gentle wood aging and ripe fruits, is the more accessible early of the two wines made at the estate. It is full of ripe berry fruits, while having a background of firm tannins and a dusty texture. The wine should be ready from 2018.
This structured wine opens with aromas of forest floor, tobacco leaf, porcini mushroom and dark berries. The concentrated palate delivers crushed black cherry, black pepper, espresso and licorice supported by a tannic backbone. Drink after 2017.
Lengthy in soft tannins, clove and cinnamon, this wine has a handful of Petit Verdot. An herbal underbrush hints at an elegant backbone, despite the huge force of power and weight. It finishes in a flourish of lavender and black licorice.
Feels sturdy and properly acidic, with melon, papaya and apple flavors running alongside almondy bitterness. Simple and quick on the finish; 60% Xarel-lo and 40% Chardonnay.
Here's an informal, easygoing white that offers sensations of banana, peach and pear. It's simple and refreshing, with brisk acidity.
Ripe and floral in pencil lead, this estate-grown wine is subdued in fruit, preferring instead to conjure savory and herbal notes from the glass. Tobacco, leather and wild anise support that context and statement, the texture roundly lush.
In the ongoing debate about how well Muscadet can age, this wine gives a good answer: yes it can. There is no sign of the fruit declining; in fact it seems to have become richer and fuller. The texture has softened to give a smooth, creamy wine that is still bright, although very ready to drink.
A South Coast blend of 68% Viognier with 16% each of Marsanne and Roussanne, this is lemony, crisp, and medium bodied, layered with notes of honey and honeysuckle. Pair this with seafood.
Very structured wine, firmly anchored to a tannic core. The wine has weight, blackberry fruit and dark cherry flavors. It is rich, full-bodied, with great swathes of juicy fruit and acidity. Drink from 2016.
Pretty smooth and balanced for such an inexpensive wine, this does a good job of intertwining ripe fruity flavors with earthy, herbal ones, then adding a tasteful level of oak. It finishes dry, with a scour of tannins.
Solve every steakhouse wine-ordering quandary with this bottle, which features enough structure to stand up to rare beef without any excessive weight. Hints of vanilla and dark chocolate add depth and interest to the red currant fruit, while fine, dusty tannins clean up the finish. Drink now–2023.
This fat, slightly alcoholic white shows the warmth of the vintage, with scents of pears tinged with beeswax and honey suggestive of very ripe fruit. Yet there's enough stony, minerally flavors to redeem it.
The restrained nose shows little in the way of herbal or grassy aromas, instead offering up melon and passion fruit. Full-bodied and intense, with a long citric finish that would make a perfect partner for a bowl of moules.
Medium bodied, this wine has layers of dark red fruits, plus touches of earth and tobacco, especially on the finish.
Lightly silky, this has mouth-cleansing acidity and delicious red-cherry pie, spice and sandalwood flavors. It's really easy to drink now, elegant and complex. You can even give it a little chill on a hot night.
Made from 80% Sangiovese, blended with Cabernet Franc, Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot, this straightforward wine offers sensations of raw red berry, white pepper, cedar and a hint of grilled herbs. The fruit is drying out, so drink soon.
This basic Tempranillo has many good things to offer. Although a touch heavy and oaky on the nose, it's generous and congruent. Initial flavors of raw wood and campfire settle down and are replaced by dark-berry fruit notes. On the finish, this is woody, with powerful berry and cherry notes in support.
Delicate pink in color, this rosé boasts a strawberries-and-cream character, with a jalapeño kick. Showing a touch of breadth on the palate, this light-bodied sipper is an easy choice for an apéritif.
An attractive package, with an opening act of smoked tea and exotic nuts followed by an off-dry palate of cinnamon and clove. The finish is fairly long and nicely accented with tropical fruit though it turns just a touch bitter at the end. Drink now.
An early-release, single-vineyard wine that clocks in at a mere 12.5% abv in a warm vintage? Yes! This is quite aromatic with dark coffee, poblano pepper and herbs followed by a light, elegant styling that brings delicacy and nuance. Much like the variety, the wine is not for all comers.
This bottling from an iconic vineyard is subtle yet steady on the nose, with cinnamon and nutmeg spice giving character to a red-cherry base. The vibrant palate keeps the mouth watering, showing clove and more nutmeg atop sharper cranberry and warmer cherry fruit tones.
This dark, almost black-colored blend combines Touriga Nacional, Touriga Franca and Syrah. They all come together in a rich, powerful palate full of explosive black fruit and fine, focused acidity. The structure shows that the wine needs to age further. Drink from 2020.
Supple and silky, it's a soft, gentle wine, but with plumped raisin flavors that taste sugary sweet side by side with a harshly green edge of chlorophyll, suggesting uneven ripening.
Since the Baumards began bottling all their wines with screw caps, it is noticeable how much more slowly they age. This pale gold-colored wine is still so full of freshness and ripe mangos, meaning that it will age for many years yet. Honey, lemon jelly and a crisp texture add to the continuing potential of the wine. Drink from 2017.
This is a ripe and fruity wine. Soft, generous tannins are embedded in the developing red-fruit flavors. With spice, hints of the wood aging and a rich texture, the wine will develop relatively quickly. Drink from 2020.
This is a dense and heady wine, with powerful aromas of forest berry, garrigue and purple flower that mingle seamlessly with the blackberry and raspberry fruit core. A hint of smoky game adds depth to the palate, which evolves in layers from notes of lush fruit flesh to tannic skins, then offering notes of savory herbs and, finally, a raw cocoa powder flavor. The texture is like crushed velvet.
Expressive fruit aromas and wood perfumes announce this wine. With 94% Cabernet Sauvignon, this is a complex wine marked by purity of black fruits, berries, toast and tannins. It has power, richness and a lovely edge of spice to go with the acidity. The wine is firmly structured, while bursting with fruit and freshness.
Very dry and elegantly silky, this Pinot, from one of the best vineyards in the valley, brims with cherry, red currant, cola, licorice and peppery spice flavors. Seems at its best now and in the short term.
From one of the properties where Duboeuf does vinification and bottling at the estate, this is a dense and structured wine. While it does have intense, young acidity, it also offers ripe berry fruits that are bold and rich. Drink from 2016.
Smooth heady aromas of black fruits touched up by oaky vanilla and tobacco are a draw. In the mouth, this is chunky and defined by thick abrasive tannins. Ripe blackberry, coffee and chocolate flavors finish with leftover oak that rests atop residual black-fruit flavors. Drink through 2022.
Grassy overtones and freshly clipped boxwood turn this into an aromatic, fragrant wine with a lithe body but lots of aromatic depth, with hints of tropical passion fruit underneath. Drink now.
This wine from a cool corner of the Sierra Foothills has lots of varietal character, from a rather deep straw color to waxy, nutty aromas to mild walnut and pear flavors to a rich, viscous texture. It is appetizing and substantial enough for a bold seafood dish.
This somewhat disjointed wine is laced tight with streaks of stem and herb. The light strawberry fruit flavors are accented with a touch of chocolate, presumably from barrel aging.
Deeply colored, this bottling shows ripe blackberry pie with caramel, crushed graphite and a touch of mint on the nose. The tannins are soft but provide just enough structure to deliver lavish flavors of black cherry, beef char and cedar.
A nose of black cherry, violet and vanilla paves the way for a grown up mélange of fruit and savory flavors that include raspberry, cassis, brambles and smoked meat. Long-lasting tannins coat the palate through a finish marked by notes of berries and smoke.
Sharp and green, with minty flavors of sour black cherry candy.
This amber-colored Marsala opens with earthy tones of porcini mushroom, caramel, burnt sugar and candied fruit. It's a thick, syrupy wine with savory, leathery details on the long finish.
A good value and a consistent Pinot from Chile. Starts with spicy berry aromas and leather, and next up there's lively raspberry flavors along with oaky chocolate and pepper. Finishes that way, too, with vanilla as well. A little hot on the finish.
A simple wine, made for modern tastes, with sugary orange, vanilla and buttered toast flavors.
This Brunello shows a feminine and bright personality, with aromas of leather, small berry fruit, cassis and licorice. It's structured and crisp, with good freshness and a silky mouthfeel.
Coreno is a blend of Trebbiano and Malvasia that represents two of the most important grapes found in central Italy. The nose is sweet and soft with tones of melon, honey, stone fruit and yellow rose. There's a buttery note of toasted almond at the back.
This is a very dry, richly textured Cabernet, vast in blackberry, black currant and cedar flavors, with the smooth, complex tannins Oakville is known for. However, there's a noticeable sharpness to the mouthfeel that may never go away.
A touch of vinegar and volatility sits atop the nose, but there's fruit and weight under the surface. It feels tannic and slightly sour, with sharp acidity pushing zesty flavors of tomato, red cherry, red plum and herbs. Tasted twice with inconsistent results; this note reflects both wines that were tried.
This is a bold, modern wine that confidently presents savory notes of plump cherry, toasted nut and mineral shadings that are well balanced and flawlessly integrated. Nor is the wine shy in the mouth, where it boasts black fruit flavors and a firm, tight composition. Aged in new oak for 18 months.
This extra dry expression opens with grassy tones of herb, white flower and loads of stone fruit. There's a touch of sweetness on the fade, but otherwise this bubbly offers a clean, tonic close.
Carignan, Grenache, Cinsault, Petite Sirah, Mourvèdre and Pinot Noir make up this mongrel blend. The wine is dry and quite complex in berry, leather, cola, currant, spice and cedar flavors, although it's very soft. Not going anywhere, so drink now.
Gold in color, this is a concentrated, rich wine, now very mature. It is dominated by almonds, ripe spice and a intense tangy character that gives intense acidity to this complex wine.
This is a rich wine, labeled sweet but with a firm core of dryness that gives considerable texture. It reveals pure, ripe fruits coming from the biodynamically grown grapes, adding to a depth of flavor. It's ready for some good aging, so wait to drink until 2017.
Cumin, Indian spice, asphalt, vanilla bean, dried fruit, black cherry and licorice characterize this aromatically multifaceted Barbaresco. The wine boasts dimension and personality and ends with dusty, smoky tannins.
Made in an off-dry, almost sweet style, this polished Riesling is marked first and foremost by ripe fruit. Green apples, tangerines, Key lime pie and golden mangoes flood the mouth, made bright and clean with citrusy acidity. The alcohol is a refreshingly low 13%.
A huge expression of Chilean Cab, which if you know the wine, is to be expected. Terrunyo pushes deep blackberry and violets on the nose, while the palate bursts with acidity that propels lasting dark flavors. On the spot, with a lot of heft and extraction. Imported by Banfi Vintners.
This vineyard has been source to Ottomino's best Zinfandels for years. The '08 is right up there, rich and sweet in briary berries, cola, mocha and pepper spice. The tannins are firm; the acidity is just right. A bit young and sweet in primary fruit, try aging it for a few years in the cellar.
Light and fruity, this is an attractive, rounded wine. With its bright acidity, touch of minerality and orange-peel flavor, it is open and ready to drink.
Packed with the dark tannins and structure of Cabernet Sauvignon, this wine, produced by the team of Calon Ségur is intense, concentrated and dark. It has a firm structure, solid and with a luscious aftertaste. The acidity of the year just shows at the end. Drink from 2026.
A terrific value among top-flight Châteauneufs, even Janasse's entry-level wine excels in 2010. Sexy leather and suede trappings embrace ripe cherry and chocolate notes, while the palate exudes lushness yet retains enough firmness on the finish to suggest a lifespan of at least 6–8 years.
Here's a beautiful interpretation from the 2008 vintage that shows balance, harmony and intensity all zipped up into one tight package. That seamless integration, followed by rich extraction, gives the wine momentum overall. Although this is a different wine from past vintages, the quality is just as high. Hold 5–10 years.
With fruit from the Aube and from the Côte des Blancs, Drappier has been able to put together a blend of Chardonnay from four different vineyards. In taste, warmth dominates—this is not a hugely crisp wine, the richness prevailing. But the warm pear and peach flavors all come together, a wine that is in the Drappier pure fruit style.
A real success in a challenging vintage, this is a meaty, flavorful, well-built Pinot Noir. The fruit is a mix of berries, especially strawberry, with accents of peach, cola, earth, sassafras and cinnamon. The wine keeps on going; it doesn't wimp out or turn bitter. It's interesting now, but should develop even more flavor with some years of cellaring.
A stacked wine with bold, grapey aromas that settle into blackberry. The palate is rather basic but with baked berry, chocolate and ripe raisin flavors, it's pleasing. Best for those who favor a jammy, easygoing style.
Typifies your basic California Cab at this price, with its gentle, soft mouthfeel and ripe blackberry, cherry and vanilla flavors. The other particulars are that it's low in alcohol and slightly sugary.
Soft, fruity wine, with an earthy character. The wine has acidity and red fruits with a final fresh burst of ripeness. Not for aging, drink now.
Earthy, soft and ripe, this wine shows the richness of the vintage. It is full of red plum and red jelly flavors, and the tannins are dusty in the background. The acidity holds it all together, and the finish is juicy and fruity.
Freshly scented of apple and yellow peaches, this fairly dry Riesling gains softness from a sweet white grapefruit juice note. Brisk with a lemon pith astringency and notes of slate and chalk that linger through a clean, minerally finish.
This ripe wine is firm, with a core of dry tannins. Over this are delicious, juicy red-berry fruit flavors and acidity. The wine is still softening out, with fruit coming forward. It will be ready to drink from 2017. The property has been in the family for six generations; Robert Filliatreau is the current owner. Wine is vinified by Châteaux Solidaires co-operative.
An interesting wine, in that it doesn't fit the current rage for blockbuster Shiraz. As winemaker Charles Whish says, “It doesn't have to be huge and rich and jammy—it needs to have finesse and length.” This vintage does show a slightly lifted, vinyl-like note on the nose, but then settles down to offer elegant flavors of plum, spice and vanilla. Finishes long. Drink now–2015.
Made from 85% Sangiovese, 10% Malvasia and 5% Alicante, it features aromas of blue flower, ripe black fruit and espresso notes. The palate offers black cherry, black pepper, toasted oak and roasted coffee beans. It ends on a bitter, tannic note that dries out the mouth.
A lively crisp wine, flavored with soft pear, green plum oregano, streaked through with vibrant acidity. It's light, fresh, ready to drink.
Heavy and a bit hot in alcohol, and badly needs greater structural integrity in the way of crispness and lightness. The flavors are ultra-ripe, of blackberry and cherry pie filling and Dr. Pepper.
Red fruit, cherry cough drop and earthy, rubbery aromas form a solid bouquet. The wine is fairly round and totally healthy in feel, with herbal red berry and plum flavors along with mild chocolate and pepper for depth. Good, easy wine for the money.
A solidly structured wine, filled with fig, bitter coffee, spice and wood over a firm structure of tannins. The freshness is quite intense, but the ripe fruit is vivid with layered acidity and new wood. This is a serious wine, for aging.
Notes of hickory smoke and clove open this heavy wine. Its flavors of wild berry and spice are a bit warm, while the finish simmers with firm tannins and minty oak.
Von Schloss means that the wine comes from the Hardegg castle vineyards. A rich and complex wine, its creamed apple flavors given point by pineapple acidity. It has weight, ripe fruits, a hint of spice and a round, full texture on the finish.
A rounded, fruity and yet zesty Riesling full of freshness and ease. The core of stone fruit is richer than the nose suggests and counters the ripe but zingy acidity beautifully.
If this wine were any riper, it would be a Port. It's that rich in sugary blackberries and cherries, with toasty oak adding caramelized notes. Fortunately, the finish is dry. This modern-style wine is best consumed now for fruity freshness.
This is a rich, delicious Pinot Noir. It spreads a fantail of raspberry and cherry jam sweetness across the palate, and then the acidity kicks in, providing fortunate balance. With a silky texture, it's a lovely wine to drink now.
Rustic aromas of barnyard, game and overripe fruit follow through to the brawny palate along with powdered sage, violet and a hint of game. Full-bodied but lacking fruit richness, it and ends on a bitter note.
Gorgeous aromas of toasted bread and caramel give way to a rich, buttery texture and flavors that layer ripe apple, honey, toasted almond and walnut notes on a smooth, softly bubbling background. It's showing the benefits of extra aging through the slightly nutty character, fine bubbles and seemingly sweet feel even though it's elegant and dry.
Fresh, juicy wine, with soft tannins and taut red cherry fruit. The tannins provide a discreet backbone. Age for 2–3 years.
Made from organic grapes, this is a very dry wine. It has the silky delicacy of a fine Pinot, with subtle, complex cola, cherryskin, pomegranate and tea flavors. Those descriptors suggest the tannins, which are dry and sticky.
A wine with an inviting nose of ripe fruit, layered with notes of honey and lovely, savory-earthy minerality. This is broad across the palate, with a smooth rich texture. Dry and fresh, featuring ample flavors of ripe orchard and stone fruit, with spice and balsamic notes adding complexity. Long length and a persistent savory finish.
Very ripe and sweet in orange, lemon and lime flavors that are almost sugary, like a fruit drink. At the same time, there's a brisk cut of acidity. The result feels odd.
Plenty of mocha and vanilla combined with racy berry aromas give this an ice cream sundae-type of bouquet. The palate is healthy and snappy, with lively acidity pushing black cherry and meaty plum flavors. Whole and toasty on the finish, with touches of excellence throughout. Impressive for a first effort, with room to improve. Drink now through 2012.
Here's a soft, musky Moscato d'Asti that delivers foamy mousse and fragrant aromas of peach blossom, lemon cream and honeysuckle. The sweet wine offers impressive heft and staying power as well.
This light blend of wines from across Provence is crisp but somewhat lacking in flavor. It has a light, bright aftertaste. Drink now.
Ripe and smooth, it has just the right touch of fresh lemon to lift the rounded, lightly spicy flavors. Warm and balanced, it's ready to drink.
This is a structured style of Port, which hangs together well, with its ripe fruit and flavors of tar, rosewater and black figs. The tannins and the structure blend combine with sweetness to give an attractive balanced wine. The quinta of la Rosa, owned by the Bergqvist family, is perched dramatically on the north bank of the Douro close to Pinhão.
Interesting Argentine Cabernet, with rooty, baked aromas that settle in and impress if given time. The palate is balanced by subtle red-fruit and earthy flavors, while the feel is stocky and grabby courtesy of strong tannins. A good wine with a lot of positives.
For a 2003, this seems rather lean. The red fruits are turning mature now, and leaving some astringency behind. The wine is becoming herbal, with green pepper acidity. It's pleasant to drink, but is unlikely to develop.
A nice Chardonnay to drink now, with rich tropical fruit, apple and pear flavors, enhanced with vanilla and smoky oak. One of the more successful Silverado Chardonnays of recent years.
This Chardonnay is dry, with vibrant acidity and tangy, mineral-infused flavors of stone and earth. It shows subtle notes of Meyer lemons, limes and tangerines. Don't drink this too cold.
A deep, deep color, lots of spicy, smoky oak aromas and rich, almost sweet flavors add up to a bold barbecue sauce of a wine. Those who love lots of spice, loads of smooth tannins and very full body will be happy.
Ed Sbragia's inaugural Chardonnay has much in common with the Reserve he crafts at Beringer, but perhaps not as much finesse. Impressive for the huge tropical fruit and overlay of toasty oak, and pretty acidic. Should hold for a few years.
Grapefruit mixed with honey and some green veggies welcome you in, while the intriguing palate provides citrus, more honey, apricots and even some scallions. Simple and straightforward it's not; but it is fairly easy to drink. Served chilled on the front porch during the summer.
An elegant Blauburgunder (Pinot Noir) that has fresh, juicy fruit, some warmth of spices and almonds, but mainly great purity of red cherry flavors. Tannins give a good shape to this attractive wine.
From a parcel of vines in the Saint-Julien property of Château Lagrange, this wine is a fine, classically balanced white Bordeaux, with its herbaceous character tamed by a light touch of wood, and the edge of earthiness that seems characteristic of whites from the Médoc. The wine ends with vivid acidity and green fruits.
Candied ginger and licorice mark this dense, ripe Claret that offers subtle oak on the palate. Full bodied and robust, with layers of graphite, leather and dark chocolate, the 66% Merlot come from the producer's Lower Mountain Top vineyard block and the 29% Cabernet Sauvignon from its Rock Arch block. The remaining 5% is Petit Verdot.
Extremely tight and herbal aromas of cut grass, chives, scallions and oregano ride a fascinatingly rainy cement minerality on the nose of this fresh and vibrant bottling. The wet-cement flavors show powerfully on the sip, with lemongrass, wild lime leaves and more mowed-lawn touches.
This intensely crisp wine has bright red fruit acidity and a fresh character. It is light in texture, perfumed and textured with wild strawberries. Drink now.
A wine launched to celebrate the foundation of Krems (Chremisa) in 995, this full-bodied, rich wine is packed with tropical fruits, just a touch of spice and a rounded texture. Flavors are of pineapple, mango, apricots and melon. The ripe acidity gives a great finishing lift.
This fresh, crisp Prosecco is redolent of green apple, cantaloupe melon, lime and honey. There's a sweet spot of peach and apricot on the finish.
This is a half-and-half blend of Touriga Nacional from northern Portugal and Castelão from the south. It's a wine that has plenty of fruit although the two grapes lie uneasily together. The juicy flavors and red berries are contrasted with a metallic acidity that isn't pleasant. Hopefully, the wine will fill out.
Made exclusively from Sangiovese, this bold wine opens with intense aromas of underbrush, blue flower, oak and leather. The palate offers black cherry, vanilla, espresso and black pepper notes. Soft and ready to drink, with round tannins, it ends on a licorice note.
This 100% Chardonnay méthode Champenoise sparkler shows aromas of golden apple and yellow pear studded with cherry blossoms. The orchard fruits follow through to a rounded palate, housing medium-beaded bubbles and ample weight. A lemon pastry note adds welcome complexity to the finish.
Jumbled and muddy on the nose. There's a strong whiff of stewed fruit and reduced beet juice, and in the mouth the flavors taste too much like raisin and cooked blackberries. Imported by Racke USA, Inc.
The name of the wine obviously comes from the Catholic mass, but it's also inspired by the ancient origins of the Cahors vineyards. The wine itself is smooth, polished and mint flavored, the tannins ripe and juicy. Wood rounds out the natural Malbec tannins.
Here's a bright and spicy light-bodied red made with the native Sicilian grape Frappato. This is loaded with strawberry, red cherry and raspberry sensations, and is lightly accented by white pepper. Chill it down for a refreshing summer red.
Small amounts of Malbec, Merlot, Petite Sirah and Petit Verdot punctuate this well-made wine, layered in red currant and cassis, with classic highlights of cedar and graphite. Softly integrated tannin and oak provide approachability, before a powerful, lingering finish.
This estate-grown effort is almost jet black, and scented with tar, smoke and black fruits. It's dense beyond dense, and completely shut down. Even after aeration, decanting, and hours of breathing time, it remained stubbornly closed. Brief hints of tobacco and earth, cassis and coffee suggest that with more bottle age, this one could really blossom.
This is a heavy, dull Petite Sirah. It tastes like the raspberry filling from a candy bar you buy at 7-Eleven.
Airfield reds are thoroughly saturated with color, and often quite tannic, to the detriment of the lighter, more subtle fruit. This wine loses its definition and turns from pretty to pretty harsh as a result.
Crisp, cutting pineapple and lemon acidity lends raciness this otherwise sunny kabinett full of sweet honeydew, apricot and peach flavors. It's a sprightly, briskly balanced wine with an easy-drinking, approachable feel. Drink now through 2020 to enjoy its freshness.
Plenty of cherries and a large dose of not-so-toasty oak are the core of this medium-weight red. A slight earthiness on the nose and woody tannins on the back end frame a solid palate that's full of cherry and vanilla flavors.
Although this is a fairly one-dimensional wine, it does show real Pinot character, with a silky texture, modest cherry and cola flavors, crispness and dry finish. It's a great wine for those who want to try Pinot without breaking the bank.
Forward and bright, with spicy berry fruit, this carries plenty of citrus and a hint of pepper as well. It's done in an easy-going, quaffable style. Give it a slight chill to compensate for the somewhat dull earthy finish.
Smooth, sleek and dry, this sophisticated Rhône-style blend is made from Grenache, Syrah and Mourvèdre It's fruity and spicy, yet has meat and earth notes that make it complex.
Strawberry hints and floral overtones promise pleasure that arrives on the dry, creamy palate. A lively froth accentuates lightness and ease, while dryness underlines the clean fruit flavors. Fine autolysis provides the creamy, textured background, all pervaded by a lively seam of bright acid.
This Rhône red blend is kind of simple and sweet, offering fruit and oak flavors that go down nice and easy. Tastes like raspberry, cherry, roasted almond, honey and vanilla granola.
Lemon zest and grapefruit aromas seemingly float atop the mineral-laden nose of this wine. It's full of crushed limestone and soda scents and is dry on the palate, which is more about structure and texture than overt flavors.
Made with Sangiovese and Cabernet Sauvignon in equal parts, this opens with aromas of violet, cedar, and underbrush. The medium-bodied palate delivers red currant, black pepper and anise alongside smooth tannins. Drink through 2020.
Dry and brittle, with some sharp tannic edges. Yet it's good and ripe in blackberries, cherries, currants and cedar. Decent price for a Napa Cab.
A heavy gold color announces an oily, floral nose that suggests gardenias. The palate is quite oily in feel and very plump, with decent acidity and unique flavors of persimmon, spice and exotic fruits. This is oily and a bit clunky on the finish. Drink now.
Opens with aromas of black cherry, pepper, herbs and rubber. The palate is sort of flat and low in intensity, with smooth but basic flavors of vanilla and berry compote. Tastes sort of roasted and minty on the finish, but also full and sweet.
Trim and tannic, this distinctive effort mixes bright black cherry and cassis fruit with peppery herbs, notably rosemary. The balance is right on track, and the wine holds together through a medium-long finish.
A big, ripe, voluptuous Zinfandel, packed with flavor. The deliciousness factor of blackberries, cherries, anise and dark chocolate comes at the cost of high alcohol, which limits the wine's elegance but makes it super-drinkable with the richest barbecue imaginable.
A collaboration between Rust en Vrede's Jean Engelbrecht and golf star Ernie Els, this blend shows off Shiraz's spicy, peppery nose and Bordeaux's classic dry, earthy feel. Oak plays an integral part, offering woody flavors and big tannins. Warm throughout, this wine could use cellar time to integrate, but don't wait too long. Imported by Vineyard Brands.
A rare cross between Roter Veltliner and Sylvaner, Neuburger is a restrained, elegant grape that gives a good, fresh citrus character, but not a huge series of flavors. With the low alcohol, treat this like a superior Pinot Grigio. Screwcap.
Buoyed by assertive lychee and spice notes, this is a bold, aromatic wine made in an off-dry style. It's full bodied on the palate, with a long, spice-driven finish. Drink over the next 6–9 months.
This closed, youthful wine is wrapped up in the ripeness and grippy nature of the vintage. It has a tropical edge to the fruit, a mix of pineapple and guava supported by juicy peach that finishes full bodied and lush on the palate.
A subtle nose of citrus suggests a restrained wine. Indeed, the palate is slender, citrus-fresh and light, but enlivened by the peppery varietal edge that invariably adds interest. Clean, crunchy finish.
Not very subtle, but oaky and ripe, with strong flavors of pineapple jam, pear, vanilla and toasty oak. Made in the popular style, at a decent price.
Aged in steel, this is a bright, fruit-driven wine that has red fruits and soft tannins. It has a crisp touch of acidity at the end. Ready to drink now.
The nose is rather shy but eventually reveals aromas suggesting wet underbrush, wild herb, new leather and a hint of woodland berry. The slender palate is rather raw and diluted, offering hints of tart sour cherry and star anise alongside brisk acidity and angular tannins.
From a site with elevation rising as high as 2,200 feet, this wine delivers tremendous complexity and minerality, the grapes from volcanic soils. Meaty, with a wisp of smoky char, it's ripe and full bodied in cherry and cassis, nuances of bay leaf and rocky tannin.
Faintly floral and deliciously soft and round, this Easton Barbera has a leathery backdrop to its dried currant and plum flavors, with a subtle layer of tomato leaf. The savory acidity should pair well with pasta dripping in red sauce.
Made with 100% Sangiovese, fermented and aged in terra-cotta amphora, this elegant red opens with alluring aromas of sunbaked earth, leather, blue flower and a balsamic note. Bright and polished, the palate delivers juicy red cherry, a sprinkling of baking spice and an energizing mineral vein. Lithe tannins and fresh acidity provide the framework.
This is a blend of 46% dry-farmed Merlot, 45% Malbec and 9% Petit Verdot from the Lamonica Vineyard south of the Stags Leap District. Cola, leather and coffee ride a smoothly tannic, medium-bodied offering of likable approachability.
Earthy and baked on the nose, with rubber, black fruits and warm, almost burnt leather notes. The palate has a lively, dense mouthfeel and flavors of earthy berry fruits and raisin. Definitely on the warm and roasted side but still balanced and interesting. Drink now.
Like oak? Yes? Then this is the Vacqueyras for you. There's ample fruit weight to support the lush lashings of toasted coconut and luxurious vanilla notes and pull them through a long, velvety-textured finish. Drink now–2018.
Red fruit dominates in this tightly woven, firmly tannic wine, blended with 9% Petite Sirah. Hints of charred campfire oak support black pepper, cinnamon and berry, the texture smooth and soft.
A pale pink color, this starts with dainty, delicate aromas of white cherry and strawberry hull. The palate is similarly light in intensity, with a clean, mouthwatering finish that's immensely refreshing. Drink now.
This is sharper and more rustic than most other expensive Rutherford Cabernets, with a cut of citrusy acidity that dominates the cherry and herb flavors. While it's tough and hard to appreciate now, you never know if these aggressive young wines will develop with time. This one doesn't seem like it will benefit, so drink up.
Good, but a bit tamped down and dull in character, although it's very dry, and the tannins are nice and smooth. Not much going on flavor-wise except for modest blackberry and spice flavors. Drink now.
There was no oak used on this stainless steel-fermented Sauvignon Blanc, but it does contain a splash of Viognier. It's dry, crisp in acidity and savory in lime, orange, kumquat and vanilla flavors that finish long and clean. It will pair with everything from bruschetta with olive tapenade to fried chicken, Chinese food and sushi. Easy to find, with 190,000 cases produced.
Laurent and Danielle Montalieu acquired this high-profile vineyard in 2007; this is the first Hyland release under their Soléna label. It's a beautiful Pinot, with the elegance of Burgundy and the freshness of New World grapes. Fermentation in rotary barrels (for color extraction and tannin management) yields a silky, perfumed, feminine wine that penetrates subtly and lingers gracefully.
Sourced from 18-year-old vines, this Bordeaux-style blend is loaded with aromatic red fruits and deliciously savory spices. Smooth and supple, with excellent balance and polished tannins, it's a wine that rewards decanting.
Made in a soft, sweet style, this simple Syrah is very rich in black cherry jam, dark chocolate, toast and exotic baking spice flavors, wrapped into smooth, velvety tannins. It's a crowd pleaser.
Brambly raspberry aromas are accented with a dusting of minerals on this dry, refreshing rosé. The palate is delicate with subtle red-cherry flavor but finishes elegantly with a lingering cherry blossom perfume.
Full bodied and rich, this has a juicy core followed by firm, minerally tannins and intense acidity. Wood aging adds complexity to this impressive, ageworthy effort.
The Chasselas, once the dominant grape of Pouilly-sur-Loire, is now rarely found, losing out to Sauvignon Blanc and Pouilly-Fumé. This wine, fresh and a deliciously light, shows the grape's attractive crisp character. It is young, fruity and ready to drink.
Still firm and tannic, this dense wine will need some time to develop. It has dark tannins and concentrated red-plum and berry flavors. A smoky background from the wood aging will soften over the next year. However with the tannins, the wine should not be drunk before 2020.
This wine is ripe, textured with an attractive touch of oxidation giving richness and concentration. Good acidity at the same time is balanced with quince and a touch of spice.
This soft sparkler offers sensations of green apple, white peach and a hint of lemon drop. Bright acidity gives it a refreshing finish.
Good and complex, but smells a little candied, like mint cherry-scented toothpaste, and tastes sweetly jammy in cherries. This all-Pommard clone Pinot may be going through a mute phase. Try holding for several months.
A lifted, ethereal note of bitter almond suggests the beginnings of evolution. The palate, on the other hand, still seems closed but displays a streamlined concentrated core of flawless dryness and precise bundled freshness. This is taut, precise and sure to develop. The finish is lasting, refreshing and clean. Drink now through 2030.
Made in a dry, light style, this Pinot  Noir has a silky mouthfeel and citrusy acidity that gets the tastebuds whistling. It has intense flavors of sour cherry candy and Dr. Pepper, and the oak influence lends an edge of sweet toast. Seems at its best now and over the next few years. It will pair well with tuna tartare.
Dark in color, the wine has plenty of tangy tawny character. It is ripe, full and rich with caramel and spice flavors as well as acidity that is finely balanced. This is an attractive wine, ready to drink.
Hard aromas of matchstick, bramble and tart fruit don't exactly qualify as friendly, while the palate is grabby and tastes of fruit punch and herbal berry. Short and a touch burnt tasting on the finish. Acceptable, as it leaves you wanting more.
An attractive, fresh wine, with apple flavors, balancing acidity and a touch of softness to finish. This is just the thing for the summer.
Aromas of mature black plum, espresso, wild rose and spice emerge on this full-bodied red. The firm palate offers dried black cherry, menthol, mint, white pepper, well-integrated oak and licorice alongside fine-grained tannins.
Intense, enticing aromas of violet, rose and leather lead the nose along with an earthy whiff of game. The palate is still young and primary, but already offers red berry, licorice, white pepper and cinnamon. Tightly wound, assertive tannins and bright acidity provide balance. Drink after 2020.
If you want to taste a new grape variety from southern Italy, Pallagrello is a very interesting choice. The wine is naturally high in alcohol so take care to pair it with rich, creamy or cheesy dishes to dampen the heat. Aromas include stone fruit, honey and bitter nut.
In an interesting homage to the Gaillac region, this Fronton producer has made a 100% Braucol from its estate near Toulouse. It is a structured wine, although the main characters are piercing red fruits and delicious acidity. This is a wine to drink young from early 2018.
This is appropriately intensely aromatic and flavorful, but the aromas and flavors come across as a bit simple and unnuanced. Modest grassy hints settle easily over white grapefruit flavors, which finish on a slightly chalky note.
Normally we're leery about new brands with catchy names, but this one does chart a new direction...and it's a good one. A little sweet and teetering on syrupy on the nose, this Malbec draws it back in the mouth and shows balanced black fruit flavors, thickness, saturation and length. Thoroughly modern in style.
This wine shows an almost-black core with a red rim. Jammy blackberry aromas lead to rich and mouth-coating fruit flavors that are ripe. The full body and firm tannins create a thick texture. This rich wine begs for aged cheese or a chocolate dessert for accompaniment. It's made with 50% Syrah and 25% each of Petite Sirah and Zinfandel.
This wine, now mature, shows a fine toast and yeast character. That still leaves room for crisp apple fruit and bright acidity, exuding a stylish elegance. It's poised with delicious balance. Drink now.
Immediately this wine plays soft and raisiny. The nose has a stout molasses component, and the palate is sweet and vanilla-infused. A sticky strawberry flavor is sweetened up by coconut and vanilla on the finish. Not well balanced. Imported by Quintessential Wines.
A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Syrah, this wine conveys bright aromas of red currants, cedar wood and white pepper. The soft palate offers black cherry, blackberries and black pepper, with smooth, round tannins. Enjoy soon.
Aromas suggesting Anjou pear, almond, grilled herb and a whiff of smoke come together in the glass while the palate offers tangerine zest, ginger and mineral. Fresh acidity lends balance.
Scopaio definitely presents a bouquet marked by jammy fruit. This blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and other grapes offers tones of ripe strawberry, raspberry, cinnamon and spice. It's a soft, smooth wine with a chewy and slightly sweet fruit fade.
Light but clean, with aromas of anise, pears and green apples and modest flavors of pear, watermelon rind and lime.
Fleshy aromas of melon and apple fold in a few crumbs of vanilla cookie. This Viura feels healthy and balanced, with white-fruit flavors accented by tropical notes and green herbs. On the finish, lettuce and lime flavors hold steady. Drink now.
With some good, ripe fruit and a core of dry tannins, this wine benefits from wood aging and rich berry flavors. It is solid and chunky, with a fine edge of black currant acidity. It could well age for 2–3 years, but can be drunk now.
Tart and sleek, this estate-grown fruit  has appealing elegance. The fruit is almost transparent, but not invisible, with very clean, high acid flavors of green berry, apple and pear. There is a layer of butterscotch that fills in the finish, without taking away from the finesse.
Aromas of prune, blackcurrant, toast and oak carry through to the extracted palate, along with flavors of black cherry and roasted coffee beans. Firm but drying tannins provide the framework.
Shows good varietal character in a somewhat sweet format. It starts off slightly musky and gingery on the nose, then adds lychee fruit flavors. For its sweetness, it's not particularly richly textured or weighty, making it a possibility as an apéritif.
A closed nose gives little away of the conifer and pine notes that seem to spice this wine. It has aromas of oak and some cinnamon but fruit never makes it to the fore.
Harsh in texture, with Chinese restaurant sweet-and-sour cherry sauce flavors.
Winemakers Mikey Giugni and Michael Brughelli are the first to admit that this is an odd style of wine, but people are digging the pét-nat style. Aromas of sour apple, grass and passion fruit arise while the palate's very tight, bubbles unleash exotic tropical fruits like green papaya and green banana.
From the hot 2003 vintage, this vineyard-designate Riserva Chianti (Sangiovese with small components of Canaiolo and Cabernet Sauvignon) is thin and marked by tertiary aromas of dried fruit and butterscotch. Drink now.
The Vila Santa Reserva boasts wood aging as well as lush, rich fruitiness. The touch of woody spice emphasizes the green- and white-fruits that give this rounded wine a full texture. There is a plush feel that promises some aging, although the wine can be enjoyed now.
Herbal peppercorn gives this wine an edge on the nose that speaks to grapes that were picked not overripe. The palate offers thick, smoky oak and perceptible sandalwood and cedar. On the finish is more of that herbal greenness. The wine is blended with tiny amounts of Malbec and Petit Verdot.
What a nice wine for this price. It's so dry and crisp and minerally and easy to drink, with enough sophistication to satisfy even fussy wine snobs. The subtle flavors include lemons, limes and smoky oak.
Part of a Limited Release series, this wine includes 17% Syrah, but the varietal character of the Mourvèdre shines through. Light touches of chocolate, clean earth and mineral underscore flavors of plum and cherry. There is also a streak of vanilla, perhaps from aging in French and American oak.
This wine is colored like a pale Pinot Noir and also shows some bricking. It brings blunt aromas of cherry and spice that lead to dry,seemingly watered-down fruit flavors. It falls flat.
This varietal expression of Petit Verdot shows a concentration of coffee liqueur and vanilla flavors that suggest that the barrels overtook the fruit. The alcohol registers 14.4%, and there is plenty of tannin. If you want to taste barrel more than grape, it's a flavorful bottle.
This solid, chunky wine expresses dry tannins as much as ripe fruit. The structure is present, but the black currant note is still waiting for its chance to shine. Give it 4–5 years.
If there's any oak on this wine, it doesn't show. Instead, it brims with ripe, pure flavors of pineapples, kiwi fruit, limes and cinnamon spice. Crisp and bright.
Fermented in open-top tanks, this dense and beautifully concentrated wine is rich and structured while remaining sophisticated. Although it is still young, it's supported by ripe, intense black fruits and balanced acidity. This has a long way to develop, so drink from 2018.
The price hasn't been set yet on this wine, which will be released in November, but the '04 was $275. This 100% Cabernet is stunning, a quintessential hillside Cab that's powerful and compelling in blackberries, red and black currants, cola, spices and cedar. It feels ultra-refined in the mouth, with slightly tough tannins and a trace of acidity giving a sturdy structure. Decant this great wine if you open it now, and it should evolve for a good 15 years in the cellar.
A dry, powerful wine, almost austere initially, dominated by bitter chocolate and dried raisins. This is a great, firm, structured style.
This is, by the producer's own admission, the only varietal wine of its type in the Napa Valley, and it's 100% varietal to boot. Dried fruit and deli meat give it an Old-World edge that veers into prune-like overripeness to the uninitiated. It begs for food.
Simple but clean in the nose, with just a hint of cheesy pungency. The palate veers toward tangerine and pineapple. The finish is sharp and acidic. Best Buy.
Tilled earth, underbrush, rose petal, perfumed berry, aromatic herb and a balsamic note are some of the many alluring scents you'll find on this gorgeous red. The juicy palate is both earthy and loaded with finesse, doling out ripe dark cherry, raspberry, pipe tobacco, licorice and energizing mineral. Firm, polished tannins provide structure. It's already almost accessible but will continue to evolve and age beautifully. Drink from 2019 through 2029.
Toasty, caramelized oak dominates the aroma and flavor of this Cabernet Sauvignon-based blend. It tastes soft and a little short of power.
With its little seasoning of Muscadelle in the blend, this is an attractively perfumed wine. It has bright acidity, plenty of herbaceous flavors and a final pear and crisp apple aftertaste. Drink from the end of 2015.
Pure varietal, this offers scents of whiskey barrel and berry. The fruit brings berries and blue plums into the mix, but it's the dark, roasted, intense barrel flavors that carry through into drying tannins.
On the same quality level as its wooded counterpart, this Chardonnay shows modestly intense aromas, but plenty of pear and melon flavor. Easy to drink.
Red berry aromas signal an attractive wine that is fragrant and fruity yet has enough tannins to age. Drink from 2019.
The grape is Scheurebe, grown in Germany and Austria, a variety that lends itself to dessert wines. The wine is lush, with honey, apricot, tangerine and vanilla flavors. It's a little soft for such sweetness, but superdelicious.
Rarely does a Merlot in this price range display this much power and concentration. Sourced from several vineyards, it's ripe right to the border of raisin flavors, with generous dollops of maple syrup and brown sugar adding further complexity. Still fruit-driven, yet with plenty of barrel flavor, this massive Merlot can take your richest, tangiest barbecue sauce.
Very dry and tannicly tart, with blackberry, currant and pepper flavors touched with oak. This is a good, everyday wine to drink with rich meat dishes and cheeses.
After some reduced sulfur scents blew off, creamy, buttery notes emerged, giving way to apple and vanilla in the mouth. The short finish turns slightly tart at the end. No improvement with age.
Produced by the largest Bordeaux cooperative, this is a freshly fruity wine, with simple red fruit flavors and soft tannins. There is a smoky edge and pink raspberry acidity.
Sweet and simple, with sugary flavors of blackberry and cherry jam and smoky vanilla. Almost like a dessert wine.
Jammy blackberry, rubber, graphite and raw oak aromas set up a full, weighty palate. Flavors of mint, licorice, creamy oak and chocolate accent brambly black-fruit flavors, while a minty finish simmers with power and subtle warmth. Drink through 2016.
91–93. Barrel sample. This is a rich, ripe wine with soft tannins and a generous texture. The dry core gives a sense of shape to all the opulence on the palate.
This is a sweet sparkling wine made with very fragrant Moscato grapes that can be paired with fruit desserts or easy appetizers. The wine imparts aromas of peach, honey and jasmine.
A ripe currant- and lime-flavored wine, this is rounded and soft. This full-bodied wine fills the mouth but maintains its delicate crispness. There are good bright highlights of green fruits and fresh acidity.
A refreshing, crisp wine from the owners of Château de Fuissé, this has delicious acidity along with lemon and yeast flavors. A tangy, mineral character brings out the elegant texture of the fruit. It is ready to drink.
Dry, crisp and elegant, but too watery-thin in flavor. The palate struggles to savor the modest citrus flavors.
Jammy raspberry aromas come with herb, oak and lactic notes. This Malbec feels chunky and pulpy, with a sticky oak-resin feel resulting in creamy grab. Flavors of red apple skins, plum, cardamom and vanilla finish sweet and slightly exotic.
This excellent vineyard-designated wine showcases salty brine and explosive minerality. It's light and bright on the nose but fleshy in lemon, lime and peach, with a zesty quality to the texture. Integrated oak, only 40% of it new, plays a background role, allowing for a soft, lengthy palate and a structure that suggests this will age well.
From the Wittstrom Vineyard northwest of Paso Robles, this rich and accessible bottling shows lavender, lilac and violet potpourri on the nose, with black cherry and balsamic notes Baked blackberry and blueberry flavors show on the palate, where chalky tannins carry milk chocolate and Concord grape notes long into the finish.
Bright, fresh and vivacious, this bottling from the historic vineyard offers white flowers, sea salt, lemons and buttered white peaches on the nose. Apple flesh and lime rind sizzles into the citrus-driven palate, where a touch of lemon verbena adds complexity to this straightforward and delicious wine.
The aromas are exuberant, with appealing notes of apricot, pineapple, honey, white flowers and citrus. The citrus and tropical-fruit flavors are rich yet elegant, topped by a lengthy finish.
Powdery, tropical-fruit aromas are fine but innocuous. This feels clean and good, with ample acidity to keep things afloat. Flavors of tropical fruits come quickly and shutter down just as fast in front of a finish that's slightly oily in feel.
This most expensive of Origin's trio is also the most tannic and, theoretically, the best and most ageworthy. It's a very good wine, with pronounced black currant, cherry, violet and oak flavors. There's a sharpness of acidity that calls for rich, fatty fare if you drink it young.
Opens with a burst of red cherry, plum and pomegranate aromas, and a smoky scent of charred meat bone that offers hints of bacon fat. Tastes beautifully ripe and supple, with complex fruit, spice and oak flavors that are supported by an intricate acid-tannin structure. A terrific wine, but I encountered some bottle variation in various tastings.
Rusty in color, with hickory, leather and dried currants on the traditional Rioja nose. More dried fruit creates a spicy palate, one with cinnamon, pepper and clove. It's fading and still fairly oaky, with fruit secondary to the wood and acids. But isn't that old-school Rioja?
Here's an unusual white from Sicily made with red Nero d'Avola grapes. It has a subdued floral fragrance and a linear palate showing citrus notes, white pepper and bracing acidity.
This 2003 Riserva emphasizes oak-related aromas of black pepper, spice and cedar thanks to 36 months of French barrique. It has an inherently nervous quality, which will no doubt unwind with a few more years of cellar aging.
Made with the Verdicchio grape, this vibrant sparkler doles out creamy yellow apple, pear and citrus zest flavors while a hint of walnut closes the finish. A soft mousse and fresh acidity lift the finish.
The '09 Continuum proves the adage that a great winery will produce fine wine even in a compromised vintage—such as 2009, with its cool conditions and rain during harvest. With dense tannins and a solid core of blackberry and spice flavors, the wine shows lovely complexity, with firm and masculine minerality. Still, it's gritty and too young now to enjoy. Cellar it for 6–8 years.
Smooth true Rioja aromas of ripe and dried berry fruits, tobacco, vanilla and sandalwood do the job, while this feels both racy and cushioned. Flavors of lightly baked berry fruits, tobacco and vanilla finish steadily, with a touch of vanilla from latent oak. Drink through 2019.
Although he is based in the Terres Dorées (golden earth) region of southern Beaujolais, this producer has an enviable palate of vineyards in the crus to the north. This wine comes from one. It has structure, density and a a solid core of both tannins and rich fruit. Drink from 2018.
Cool, earthy, rooty aromas of licorice, Graham cracker, cassis and blackberry are dark and brooding. This Malbec is loosely structured, with heavy extraction and blackened, gritty flavors of blackberry and toast. A dark, rubbery, blocky finish is giant like the rest of the wine. Drink through 2022.
Give this young Bordeaux blend a good decanting to let it breathe and mellow. Right out of the bottle, it's drily tannic. But it shows generous blackberry, black cherry, currant, anise and cedar flavors. Now–2011.
Spicy with strong toasty flavors, this is a wood-dominated wine. Fleeting glimpses of fruit show behind its barricade of oak-derived flavors. It might soften, but the balance is wrong.
Here's a luscious, succulent passito with layers of maple syrup, honey, marzipan, toast and white stone. It's creamy and sweet in the mouth with copperish reflections but ends on a crisp, clean note.
Bright flavors like citrus and crisp apple light up this medium-bodied wine from Lake County winemaking veteran Jed Steele. It tastes dry and fresh, appetizing and just fruity enough to complete the picture.
Muruve is a label worth watching in Toro. The wines are not as brawny and robust as some, and instead they offer more reserved pleasures. This reserva shows coconut and black plum aromas, with very ripe but structured black fruit flavors. Coffee and vanilla flood the finish, and overall the wine is raring to go now and over the next few years.
Exotic fruit, banana and yellow rose are embellished by toasted almond, vanilla, maple syrup and herbal tones. But the wine is too watery and light-weight in the mouth to score higher.
Up until now we haven't been real fond of the Oops brand from Chile. However, this Sauvignon Blanc is exactly what we like. It starts with a basic but comfortable blend of citrusy aromas before showing a complete palate consisting of apple, grapefruit, celery and white pepper flavors. A totally solid wine with no gaps. Level and delicious, with proper bite and scour.
An almost forgotten variety from Greece, Kidonitsa is represented well in this stylish white. A nose of lemon, creamy oak and spicy anise leads, and on the tongue, a mouthcoating, round fruit profile is balanced with citric freshness. Deeper in flavor than many of the popular Greek whites, the wine would hold up well against richer dishes.
As the wine ages, it shows a soft, toasty and nutty side that adds complexity to the tight fruitiness that remains. It's a wine in transition, still fresh while adding some concentration, broadening the steely texture and giving hints of the serious wine it will be. Drink from 2018.
Floral and honeyed on the nose, this voluptuously full-bodied and intensely caramelized wine is salty and bold in tropical flavor. A lilt of salty lime accents its honeysuckle and pear notes.
So pretty and polished, a captivating wine. Dry and crisp, it has an elegant, silky mouthfeel, with subtle spice, red cherry sour candy, Dr. Pepper cola and sandalwood flavors. A complex and delicious Pinot Noir to drink over the next 5–6 years.
Beaucastel's Côtes du Rhône is like a mini Châteauneuf-du-Pape in its blend of grapes and its sourcing, just outside that famous appellation. The 2009 is a very successful and flattering Coudoulet, with scents of garrigue and cherry followed by a palate that's round and lush without being at all heavy. Long and velvety on the finish.
A good, rich, flashy Zinfandel. There's not much to get excited about, but it delivers Zin's personality in a most attractive way. It's spicy, rich and sweet in cherry, raspberry, cocoa, honey and spice flavors.
A ripe, very smooth second wine of Château Siaurac, rich while still full of fresh fruit that already shows elegance and a light touch. The wine is likely to age well and soon, so drink from 2015.
Barolo Il Lauro is a soft, plush wine with chocolate and creamy vanilla overtones from the La Morra area of the Langhe. There's plenty of fruit here as well, mostly wild cherry and forest berry, with tight tannins and a sour note on the close. Drink after 2015.
Here's a textbook Prosecco Superiore, with tight, foaming bubbles and fresh aromas of stone fruit, lemon mousse and peach cobbler. The wine is easy to drink and does a great job of keeping the palate refreshed.
A blend of all five red Bordeaux varieties, with Cabernet Sauvignon the largest percentage, this is a soft, approachable and juicy wine. The cassis and herbal components are pleasantly in balance and restrained on the palate.
This Riesling specialist strikes a unique chord, with precise yet individualistic wines. Crisp, tart, tongue-tickling flavors of green apple, grapefruit and orange peel are among the penetrating highlights. Concentrated and high in acid, this rocks on through a long finish.
An 80-20 blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah, this shows a pristine, polished bouquet that's composed of black fruit, rum cake, licorice, tobacco and spice. The ripe fruit and cassis notes on the finish add softness and heft. This is elegant and complex, especially in the mouth.
This lavishly oaked wine with a big fruit foundation is very much in the California style, though it is made in Piedmont. The full, smooth mouthfeel is large but not fat, and the supple palate delivers apple, caramel, spice and toast. Finshes long and toasty, with a leesy, earthy note.
A far better wine than the previous vintage. This is big, beefy and clean, with bacon on the nose. The palate is perky, zesty and high in acidity, and thus the flavors of cherry and plum are forward and alert. Finishes with snap and pop as it begs for pizza, grilled chicken or a hamburger off the grill.
Full of butter notes, along with toasted oatmeal and Brazil nuts, this rich, oily Chard is all about New World power, yet allied to an Old World sense of balance. Honey and tropical-fruit flavors play out on the palate; toast and tangerines extend through the finish.
From the wildest, most remote and exotic stretch of the Sonoma Coast: you can taste the salt of the sea in this wine, as you can in a Manzanilla Sherry. It gives a tang to the lemondrop, pear and honeysuckle flavors, with their lick of cold granite. So pure and vibrant, so savory, so compelling. Grows more fascinating with every minute in the glass.
Slightly bitter and sour at first, this bright Sangiovese offers notes of forest berry, cherry and raspberry. It would pair nicely with cheesy pizza or pasta.
This is Luna Beberide's “kitchen sink” blend consisting of Mencia, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. The wine has blackberry and violet aromas, and as a whole it's inviting and smooth. Flavors of berry fruit are solid but modest, while herbal accents and baking spice notes jazz things up. With more follow-through and some artistic touches, this could be even better. As is, it's a perfectly good red blend.
Could be a bit firmer and more structured in acidity. Shows a soft, easy, silky texture, with forward flavors of melted blackberry jam, sour red cherry, cola, and cinnamon spice, with some bitterness in the finish. Drink now.
Here's a hearty, friendly red that delivers ripe wild cherry, ripe black plum, dried mint and black pepper sensations accompanied by a eucalyptus note. It's at its ideal drinking window so enjoy soon.
Notes of candied mandarins steal their way into this fresh, fruity and blossom-scented wine—think apricot, tangerine and jasmine. The charm is easy here, and all is held on the fruity, perfumed side. This is playful, fruit-driven fun.
Aromas of plum cake, spicy blueberry and cocoa unfold in the glass of this structured wine. The palate delivers black cherry, vanilla, graphite, ground black pepper and well-integrated oak alongside assertive but refined tannins. It has muscle but also shows elegance and restraint. Drink 2015–2025.
This is zesty and bright, bearing puckery pomegranate and red berry flavors, with an element of briny, umami-laden goodness that brings truffles and smoked nuts to mind. Soft tannins lead to a sour-cherry-flavored finish that's flecked with notes of herbs and dried leaves.
A little harsh and rugged around the edges, but shows good Chardonnay character. Peaches and cream, pineapple fruit and buttered toast flavors lead to a clean finish.
A rich, sweet wine that maintains complete freshness. Pineapple, peach and mango compose the fruit, while the honey and touch of botrytis give the sweetness. It has a refreshing youthful character, but it's going to be a wine to age. Drink from 2017.
Raspberry, spicebox and cinnamon aromas start this modern-style Xinomavro. Lively acidity and a good tannic structure balance the cherry fruit. A great introduction to the variety.
Chardonnay in sunny, high-altitude Cafayate will always prove challenging, but this wine gets it right. There's a lot of spicy forward oak, and thus the palate is expectedly creamy and tinged with vanilla, cinnamon and white pepper notes along with pineapple and mango fruit. The feel and body are both correct and textured. It's sweet and oaky but well made.
It's easy to use the word “huge” to describe this Cabernet, which contains smaller amounts of Petit Verdot and Cabernet Franc. It immediately takes over the palate with ripe, opulent cherry pie, blackberry tart, cassis liqueur, green olive and oak flavors. The tannins are very strong, the most powerful of Mondavi Cabernets in years. Which leads to the question of ageability. Where's this wine going? On the negative side is high alcohol, which gives it a burn. So drink it over the next 5–6 years.
Offers loads of roses, acacia and honeysuckle fleshed out by peach and melon. Not very acidic in the mouth. Imported by Fairest Cape Beverage Co., Inc.
Lychee, honeydew and cotton candy aromas precede the easy, not-too-serious- palate, which offers candied citrus, melon, pineapple and powdered sugar flavors. Clean on the finish and crafted for those who like sweet-tasting, simple wines.
One of the more dependable bottlings from Napa, the '03 is a lovely wine. Rich and balanced, it offers intense cassis, cherry-pie filling and coffee flavors, with a delicious overlay of new oak. The mountain tannins are firm and dusty, but very finely structured, ripe and sweet. Beautiful now, and should develop well for the next eight years or so.
Lucid in the glass, and that's half the battle when you're talking about basic, everyday whites such as this Viura-Verdejo blend. The nose is light as air, with lemony accents. Meanwhile, the fresh but lean palate offers lime, pineapple and cleansing acidity. And that's more or less what you get.
Far too much sugary sweetness mars this Chardonnay. The peach, pear and tropical fruit flavors are well-oaked, adding caramel candy to the jelly flavors.
From young vines, this wine offers up pretty scents of rose petals and lightly peppery strawberries. Just 5% Mourvèdre was included, but its presence brings a dash of extra spice and herb.
This light- to medium-weight wine features a bouquet of berry and earth aromas and mature Cabernet flavors. The wood doesn't overwhelm, but the mouthfeel is slightly prickly and astringent, and the fruit doesn't really sing. Closes with mild tobacco notes.
Touches of earth, new leather and sweet vermouth fill the aromas and flavors of this edgy but very enjoyable wine. It has a seeming-sweet blend of maraschino cherries, baking spices and spicy, barnyard accents.
A wine from the minds of the local Saro di Pietro winery and Tuscany's Dievole. This blend of four Sicilian grapes is dark, cherry-laden and just oaky enough to register. Good as an everyday pizza and pasta wine, with plenty of zest and forward character. Balanced but basic. Imported by Dievole USA.
Exuberant Anjou pear, kiwi, fleshy nectarine and lemongrass aromas pop off the nose of this wine that would work well with a wide range of Asian food. The palate is framed by a jubilant acidity and shows flavors of ripe apple, pluot and a touch of salt.
Pungently perfumed, all lemon, mandarin orange and spice, this Gewürztraminer is moderately textured and aromatically pretty, an interesting companion to spicy food but also the myriad of flavors found around a holiday meal.
This is ready-to-drink Châteauneuf. A charming raspberry flavor mixes easily with a dried herb note, while the tannins are supple and the texture is creamy. Drink it over the next 5–6 years.
Intensely ripe black cherries and plums lend heft to this rich, boldly textured Pinot Noir. It's a nuanced wine, accented by hints of dried herbs, violets and a crush of mineral tones that elongate the finish.
The vines from which the fruit for this wine were sourced are, on average, 15 years old. Aged primarily in French oak, this concentrated wine shows fine depth, with an emphasis on black cherry and cassis flavors. Full and ripe, this well-structured effort has the balance and polished tannins to be cellared for a decade, at least.
Lifted aromas of cherry Jell-O, spicy raspberry and a kiss of anise show brightly on the nose. The palate offers a slight tannic grip, with strawberry and cherry flavors leading to a lightly peppered finish.
Piano Maltese is a fragrant and floral blend of Grillo and Catarratto with pretty notes of jasmine, honeysuckle and essence of peach blossom. The wine has a buoyant, vibrant personality with crisp freshness and long peach flavors.
Here's a bold, rich blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Barbera and Nebbiolo. It shows notes of ripe blackberry, espresso, chocolate and spice. It also delivers structure and freshness.
Leather meets plum sauce meets red licorice in this full-bodied, robustly crafted wine that's plush and lush on the palate. Seismic tannins present themselves upfront in a confrontational way before softening on the finish.
Crisp green pear, a touch of lemon and even some of that much-vaunted pepperiness find their way into this unobtrusive but refreshing white, which also boasts some welcome spritz.
A crisp, clean, fruity wine, tangy and lemony. This is a really attractive wine, a classic of its kind. Screwcap.
Toasty ripe fruit, very yeasty in character, with flavors of biscuit and bread crust. The fruit is less obvious, but this is a wine with some serious intent, better with food than as an apéritif.
Lots of ripe cherries, blackberries and dried herbs in this young, vigorous wine. Shows considerable power and authority, at the loss perhaps of some charm and elegance. Drink it over the next 6–8 years.
A little bit flat on the bouquet, with prune, graham cracker and tobacco aromas. Flavors of plum and black cherry are fine, but there's more acid and tannin than flesh. Solid but not spectacular; there's a bit too much displaced tannin to rate at the next level up.
This Sauvignon Blanc opens with beautiful flowery aromas. It's crisp and complex, bearing intense notes of grapefruit and mineral, with a kick of lime on the finish. This would go very well with seafood or spicy Thai.
This inky wine opens with black concentration and rich aromas of mature cherry, almond paste, spice, blackberry and plum. Integrated wood tones of leather and toasted coffee complete the picture and help render soft but structured tannins. Drink after 2015.
This wine is tasty, tangy and nervy, bringing a very refreshing and appetizing mouthfeel, and wonderful fresh acidity. All of that tang shows good fruitiness too, as the red-cherry and cranberry flavors are vivid and concentrated. It's a versatile wine to drink now or buy by the case to save some bottles for more aging.
This is ripe and complex, with thick tannins that frame flavors of blackberry, cherry jam and a hint of violet. Give it an hour or two in the decanter, or cellar it for a few years.
If you want power and concentration, look no further. But what is also good about this wine is the velvet texture of ripe berry and cherry fruits, with the tannins fitting round like a tight glove. It is obviously going to age well—over 4–5 years and more.
Tan in color, with short flashes of apple and spice on the bouquet. The palate has a small level of oxidation, while the mouthfeel benefits from smooth but present acidity. Limited in scope and flavor, but solid for a wine that's beginning to fade.
Piccini offers good value deals from Tuscany and this Riserva Chianti Classico follows in that tradition. The wine is compact and clean, in typical Sangiovese fashion, and ends with a bright blast of mouth-freshening acidity.
Tastes thick, heavy and sweet in youth, showing the fantastic ripeness of the vintage, with a flavor of cherry and raspberry marmalade. Oak shows up in the rich addition of buttered cinnamon toast. If that sounds good, it is, and you can enjoy it now. But it will improve with 3–4 years in the bottle.
Easygoing and fresh, Le Gaggiole is a food-friendly expression of Sangiovese with nice fruit tones and a playful touch of exotic spice on the close.
Excessive green bean, green tobacco and grass on the nose put this into the “challenged” category. The palate is tart and tomatoey, with herbal raspberry flavors and a leafy, green finish. Barely registers on the pleasure meter.
The winemaker rightfully praises this Pinot for having so much fruit at below 14% alcohol. He's right, but there's more to great wine than fruit. The wine is massive in cherries, raspberries and currants, but right now that's about all you get in the way of complexity. Could surprise with some time in the cellar.
This is a bright and sophisticated Verdicchio that would pair with the highest caliber seafood including shellfish and crustaceans. It is dense and rich, with cleansing tones of citrus, yellow flower, honey, dried sage and a touch of smooth vanilla.
This is Sojourn's most successful 2010 Pinot Noir, because it's the ripest and most satisfying. It shows rich, tantalizing raspberry, cherry and cola flavors that are brightened by brisk acidity. It earns extra points for its complexity.
This wine shows ripe dark fruit, cedar, intense whole-bunch stalkiness and a perfumed quality throughout. The tannins are clunky and soapy while the alcohol feels a little hot.
Always a fine value, the Rock Island Red is a lively, spicy, cherry-flavored wine with good grip and tannin. There are some green herbal elements at play, but the fruit is there to balance, and the wine has plenty of acid if you want to play it against a big fat steak.
This intriguing white blends 65% Ugni Blanc, 25% Rolle (Vermentino) and 15% Sauvignon Blanc into a ripe, honeyed wine—a product of the warm vintage. Yet despite the ripeness and bold orange flavors, it remains dry, even showing some minerality on the finish.
A touch of flint accents this wine's blossom and citrus scents. The palate is light and dry, carrying its lifted aromatics with citrusy freshness and ease.
A nice wine, especially for the price. It's dry and elegantly balanced, with polished blackberry, cherry and cedar flavors that lead to a spicy finish.
This is a supremely earthy and highly tannic wine, leathery and smoky in oak and texture. Grown in the foothills of Diamond Mountain, as well as pockets of Atlas Peak and Mount Veeder, the variety is unusual for the Napa Valley. This one is worthwhile, showing subtle cassis, cranberry and vanilla.
Subtle black-pepper notes add an extra layer of complexity to smoke, earth, plum, blackberry and dried spices. This full-bodied, sturdy wine finishes with firm tannins and some lingering coffee notes. Should improve over the next 2 - 3 years. —J.C.
Delicate, enticing scents of ripe orchard fruit, grilled herb and citrus zest open. The bright, linear palate delivers Bartlett pear, apple, white cherry, ginger and mineral framed in fresh acidity and an elegant perlage. A tangerine note closes the finish.
Burgess's Merlots tend to vary in quality, and this is not one of the better ones. It's a soft, dry wine with a rustic mouthfeel, and some bitterness to the finish. The dominant flavors are of cherries and espresso.
Shows lots of early drinkability in its raspberry, cherry and spice flavors. Brisk acidity and a gentle tug of tannins provide needed structure. It's an elegant wine, but doesn't seem to have the stuffing for aging, so drink now-2015.
There's a very good wine in here, with bright acidity, smooth tannins and complex flavors of raspberries, cherries and cola. Yet there's also a strange metallic taste that makes you wonder about the screwcap. It could just be the high acidity combined with minerality. Give it a good long decant before drinking.
Even on the palate, yet overly tart with sour herb, green olive and leather accents marking the black fruit. Has a mineral-citrus tang, and the high acidity that shows in so many Washington Syrahs.
Ripe both with the generous tannins and the juicy fruit, this is a wine with good potential. There is plenty of acidity to bring out the crisp character of this attractive wine. It will be ready from 2019.
Rather rough-hewn at the age of four-plus years, with charred, vanilla-scented oak dominating the fruit. Below that is a sea of blackberries, cherries and currants. The tannins are tough and sharp. Not showing particularly well now, and could gain in the bottle. May be better after 2011.
Ripe, fresh peach and apple flavors are lifted with a spray of white-floral perfume on this pretty, easy-going wine. It's brisk on the palate with revitalizing lemon acidity and a hint of salinity on the finish.
The wine shows the fine acidity of the vintage, but also intense flavors of green apples, Asian pears and oranges. Oak brings luscious, balanced notes of vanilla and toast. A gorgeous, sumptuous wine that should drink well for the next six years.
An interesting blend (70% Cab, 25% Tempranillo, 5% Zin), Tryst represents Nepenthe's continuing efforts to break out of sterotypical Aussie wines. Vanilla and plum aromas and flavors carry a hint of eucalyptus, buffered by creamy tannins and a long, mouthwatering finish. Drink now–2012.
Jaw-droppingly delicious, this will surely convince you that Pinot Noir is the absolute best rosé grape in Oregon. From the floral/strawberry bouquet bursting out of the bottle, right on through the delightfully sippable, mouthfilling fruit, it's a joy.
The sweetness is initially overwhelming, like drinking syrup. But this is still a balanced wine, its acidity, spice and apricots and honey flavors all contributing to considerable complexity. The finish is still sweet, but the spice gives a parting lift.
Raspberry jam, prune and cake spice aromas unfold on this blend of 90% Sangiovese and 10% Merlot. The accessible palate offers dried black cherry, fig, star anise and toast alongside fine-grained tannins.
Sappy, tannic and loaded with plum and blueberry, some cassis and chocolate. A good follow-up to the previous vintage, with very dark fruit, polished tannins and a lengthy, tasty finish of chocolate-covered cherries.
Rich and substantial, this is potent in blackberry, cassis and dark chocolate flavors. High alcohol gives it a hot mouthfeel. It's not really representative of the Arrowood name of old.
This initially tastes like young fruit, herbal, with a lot of stem and flower flavors, but with some heat at 16% alcohol. Nonetheless it's delicious, compact, enormously fruity, focused and flat out amazing. A perfect mix of flesh, fruit, earth, and typicity from this unique vineyard.
This wine produced from vines on the Corton hill is dense and dark, with great power and concentration. Its rich, dark fruit is paired with intense, juicy acidity, ensuring slow development over many years. Drink from 2025.
Grapes grown at high altitude give the cool feel to this crisp wine. A light touch of oak is revealed in the vanilla flavor that is finely integrated into the citrus and apple fruit. The wine is fruity, ready to drink young.
Light bodied and sheer, this delicately concentrated Pinot Noir offers subtle shades of black cherry and bramble. It's crisp and approachable with fine soft tannins and a slightly mineral finish. Drink now through 2020.
This distinctive wine has a light-garnet color and intriguing raspberry and cranberry aromas that lead to full red- and black-cherry flavors accented by rosemary and wood smoke. Fermented by native yeast and using some whole clusters for the astringency and flavor that stems can add, it has a texture that's moderately tannic and nicely supported by acidity.
Named after a work by the Chilean poet Vicente Huidobro, this spicy, earthy, slightly herbal blend of mostly Carmenère and Carignan offers aromas of tobacco, licorice root and anise. The palate is tight and fresh, but with padding. Earthy berry, hoja santa and tobacco flavors finish with a touch of oak and related graphite. Drink through 2023.
Aromas of black cherry and white chocolate lead the way for flavors of raspberry, vanilla, espresso and sage. This well-constructed wine offers silky tannins and a soft pleasing finish.
Elegance is the keyword for all the wines of DDO, with the added bonus of structure that almost begs for cellaring. This lovely Pinot Noir effortlessly captures the essence of the grape without any heavy-handed oak, alcohol or over-ripeness. Truly Burgundian, a moderate 14% alcohol, it offers seamless integration of berry and plum fruit, natural acids and lightly applied oak accents of sandalwood and toasted cracker.
Claire and Mike Allen's fine Sauvignon Blanc epitomizes the Wairau subregion, blending slightly grassy notes with passion fruit and riper stone-fruit flavors. It's medium bodied and tightly focused, with a silky mouthfeel and a long, citrus and white-currant finish.
Grassy and green-smelling, with hints of asparagus, green tobacco and sea air. This is true cool-climate white wine, and it shows its proximity to the ocean via aromas of green bean, asparagus and citrus. It's lean as can be, and tight as a drum. It's a terroir wine that has good freshness but could benefit from slightly more amplified fruit.
Why are all of Epiphany's ‘04 Syrahs so high in alcohol? This one is 16%. Granted, the vintage was a scorcher, but others in Santa Barbara managed to produce beautiful, balanced Syrahs in ‘04. Not this one, which is hot and simple.
With some age, this is a gloriously ripe and toasty wine. It has a rich character emphasized by the round texture and the creamy mousse. It also has great concentration, bringing together acidity as well as dense secondary flavors. With its rich, mature character, it is best suited for food. It is ready to drink, but will hold well through 2025.
An atypically oaky wine for Siduri, with a rich veneer of French oak overlying black cherries, cola and spice. The intensity builds on the palate, where root beer and black cherries culminate in a long, smoky-spicy finish. Needs a couple of years to pull itself together, but the raw materials are all there.
Shows some flinty-chalky notes that resemble a decent Pouilly-Fumé alongside grapefruit and bell pepper fruit. Light in body, with a long, citrusy finish. Ideal with shellfish or simple fish dishes. Imported by Winery Exchange.
A rich style of wine, with a smooth and velvet texture that brings out a creamy character. There is freshness from green apple and peach juice flavors, the acidity a great counterpoint to the ripe fruits.
An attractively round wine that's full both of fruit and acidity. The two complement each other well, highlighting the light apple and white peach fruits. The aftertaste is all about crisp, bright texture.
Dark in color and extremely nutty. Along the way there are notes of seawater and white plum. The palate is a bit tangy and sharp, with orange peel, almond and butter. Oily and complex on the finish, with a buttery tail and plenty of palate presence.
A lovely dessert wine in almost every respect. It's crisp in acidity and has complex, somewhat oxidized or Madeira-like flavors of oranges, tapioca and vanilla. Could be a little more focused and intense, but very fine, although it calls for a certain appreciation of this oxidative quality.
A real mainstream Chard, with appealing pineapple and apple notes. It's mid-weight, with lively acidity that supports the fruit and a pleasing, if slightly one-dimensional, flavor profile.
A soft, fruity wine, touched with vanilla and citrus. It is full, ripe, some tropical fruits and showing a final fresh acidity.
Grassy and fresh, with hints of cucumber, pickle and citrus. From start to finish the wine is pure S.B. The mouth offers tangerine, orange and lemon on an herbal base, and the feel is zesty, clean and fresh. Imported by Global Vineyard Importers.
Yeasty citrus notes dominate the nose while the palate is savory with chervil, sage and more yeast. A vein of crisp citrus acidity pulls it all together. The aftertaste lingers long with lemon zest.
High alcohol, massively ripe fruit that's slightly overripe and sweetness in the finish mark this robust Zin. Not for everyone, but it has a varietal purity that Zinfanatics will love.
With its aromas of very pure, crisp fruits, this ripe wine from the great 2002 vintage is so complete. It has flavors of dried fruits, apricots and pear, and a texture that fills the mouth with a tight, mineral character. Impressive now, it does need to age, or even be decanted before serving.
This Ribera workhorse from before the time RDD was a hot region hangs in there. The rooty nose springs with cola and spice along with dried fruits. Red raspberry and cherry tomato make for a recognizable, traditional palate. An easy food wine; mature now but with some life still in it.
Don't even think about opening this brut for at least six years and probably far longer. Made from 85% Chardonnay and 15% Pinot Noir, it's rich and full-bodied, with elaborately ripe flavors of tangerines, raspberries, roasted almonds and coconut, brioche, honey and vanilla. Good as it is, it simply needs time for everything to transmute into magic.
Starts off with a slight medicinal note that blows off after some time in the glass, which then allows the cherry, red berry and menthol notes to shine through. Moderate acidity with soft, approachable tannins makes this a perfect session wine for drinking with friends.
Castello di Monsanto delivers a very elegant and classic interpretation of Sangiovese with a luminous personality and bright aromas of cherry, currants, violets and light spice. The wine is fresh and bright with very pleasing and refreshing acidity.
Lots of alcohol in this Zin, but it wears it well. It's a fat, unctuous wine, sweet in raspberries and cherries, with just a touch of savory raisins that give it a porty finish. Defines the Dry Creek style.
With partial aging in wood, this is a spicy, smoky wine that is also full of ripe red fruits. Well-integrated tannins give shape to this wine. A crisp aftertaste and the wine is ready to drink.
Light, herbaceous wine, very fruity, full of greengage and gooseberry flavors. It's tight, fresh and crisp, ready to drink.
This pretty little Gewürz boasts some fragrant, rose-like aromas, but surprisingly modest spice. Instead, there's plenty of syrupy pear flavors and a burst of citrus on the finish.
Tight and closed right now, with a touch of sulfur and scrambled eggs on the nose. It's classic Chianti, meaning it's hard in its youth, with racy tannins and not much overt richness. Some caramel appears on the finish, courtesy of the oak. If given time, this wine will certainly open up more than it does currently.
It's hard to fall immediately in love with this Cabernet, despite the fancy Oakville address, as the tannins are so firm. But it's dry and clean, and although the tannins are the star—bold and astringent—there's black fruit there, too, to help it along. Drink now.
Light and refreshing in style, this wine boasts slightly confected cherry fruit amplified by bright acidity. It's straightforward and relatively simple; drink it over the next year or so.
Always one of the superstar Sauv Blancs from Washington, this is especially good in this vintage. Lots of toast, butter cookie and a streak of vanilla are wrapped into silky, seductive, ripe fruit flavors that mix citrus, orange, papaya and lemon hard candy. This is about 20% Sémillon, barrel fermented.
Cool, foresty, woodsy aromas of smoky berry fruits are solid and well formed. This blend of Cab Sauvignon, Merlot and Syrah is chunky, with tannic grab and freshness. Flavors of baked, herbal berry fruits are spicy and earthy, while mint, licorice root and loamy notes define the finish.
Aromas of sweet cherry cola and vanilla extract make a good first impression. However, the mouthfeel does not follow suit and is in fact characterized by green, bitter astringency.
A vintage-dated Prosecco with a festive, bubbly character and lemon-lime, peach juice and melon overtones. Loads of zest in the mouth backed by a polished mineral flavor and more stone fruit. Imported by Bolliger Wines.
So savory and easy to like, you might miss the complexity, but it's there. Offers flashy raspberry and cherry pie, red plum, pie spice and sandalwood flavors, packed into firm but gentle tannins, and brightened with crisp acidity. The finish is entirely dry despite all the sweet fruit. Really defines the modern coastal California style, even if there's no particular Marin County signature.
This new release is 100% varietal, with bright, lifted aromas of cherry tobacco, cedar and smoke. It shows good concentration, and the alcohol rests at a food-friendly 13.5%. Hints of forest floor and mushroom add to that impression as the wine winds its way into a graceful finish.
The dark and penetrating aromas of violets, shoe polish, blackberry and road tar are solid. This feels a bit tough on the palate, with narrow tannins and flavors of rubber and black plum.
Slightly clipped and hard on the bouquet, which is narrow and settles on berry fruit. Feels chunky and bottom-weighted, with dark flavors of black fruits, plum and boysenberry. Becomes more stylish with airing, but it's always fairly hard and compact in character.
Viognier is nothing if it's not rich, and who knows richness better than Bob Foley? This wine is an exotic treasure trove of pineapple tart, pear jam, apricot purée, honeysuckle, butterscotch and dusty Asian spice flavors, balanced with crisp acids and a steely, minerally finish.
Light aromas of spice, yellow apple and butter are followed by viscous, sweet fruit flavors. It provides easy-drinking appeal.
Made on the slopes of Mount Etna, this structured wine opens with aromas of mature black raspberry, fig and chocolate. The warm palate delivers stewed prune, strawberry jam and black cherry, with hints of carob and clove. It's a bit evolved, so enjoy this soon.
VS stands for “Vouvray Style,” a nod to the Loire Valley. Notes of citrus and mineral stand out first, seeming almost tart, like a squeeze of lemon, followed by a touch of almond. Pair this with seafood, especially scallops or raw oysters.
Neutral and clean, with hints of melon, apple and cucumber. For a 2007, this is still holding its own. It offers just enough richness and body to tease, but mostly it's a textbook Chilean SB with apple, grapefruit and gooseberry flavors along with a pithy finish. Gracious and tasty, but drink now.
Always a strength at David Hill, this may be the best Riesling they've ever made. Finished dry, it is nonetheless round and juicy, with a luscious mix of yellow apples, peach and melon fruit. Lovely acids boost the palate presence and keep it refreshing.
This is a Merlot and Cabernet Franc blend from Calistoga. The wine is made in the Coup de Foudre style, which is soft, sensual and immediately attractive. Shows blueberry, black cherry and dark chocolate flavors, with a deft touch of oak, but also notable tannins. Seems too soft to age, so drink over the next four years.
A blend of Grenache (40%), Syrah (40%) and Mourvèdre, this conveys notes of pepper, barrel spices, vanilla, potpourri and red fruit. It has tart fruit flavors with a slightly astringent feel.
Perfect for grilled or roasted meat dishes, this is a well-priced and approachable Aglianico-based wine, with soft tones of ripe fruit and tobacco. The finish is clean and tight, with medium intensity.
Here's a fresh, informal and food-friendly wine that begs for pizza or take-out. The wine shows simple but pristine aromas of red cherry and plum.
More round and chunky than its same-class brethren, with earthy plum aromas. The palate leads with cherry and plum before dispensing cola. Very standard for Chianti but made well.
Made from 75% Chardonnay and 25% Viognier, Una is thick in caramel and vanilla tones throughout. It conveys a distinct taste and aroma of burnt sugar, like pecans roasting over an open fire. Complex, it works as a well-adjusted, finely made sweet wine, ready to be paired with fruity desserts.
Yes, it's sparkling Syrah, made famous by the Aussies. As dark as a red wine, it's so deliciously aromatic in cherry pie, chocolate fudge and caramel scents, it makes your mouth water. Once in that mouth, it has the dry effervescence of a sparkling wine, with the weight of, well, Syrah. A curiosity, but a good one.
Neutral in the extreme, this is an easy pick for a large crowd. It's light on its feet and quite crisp with an over-arching theme of nuts and just a faint hint of citrus. Drink up.
Pure Malbec, sourced from the McClellan estate and Minnick Hills vineyards, this is a tight and well-crafted mix of flavors—fig, blackberry, blueberry jam, a whiff of dried herb and white pepper, and tannins grounded in clean earth. The aging, principally Hungarian oak, brings in coffee highlights.
Like the label says, this is an everyday sort of wine. It's crisp in acids and off-dry, with pleasant orange, pineapple, lemon and vanilla flavors.
Production was 10,000 cases, amazing when you consider how good this mountain wine is. Immediately drinkable for the soft purity of the tannins and complex cassis, chocolate and oak flavors, it has the sturdy structure to develop for some years, but is best now for its elegant purity. Hess is on a real Cabernet roll, and is one of Napa's overlooked stars.
Orange-red in color, this wine is dry, meaty and weighty, with a broadness on the palate. Peach skin and flesh are strongly represented in flavor, feeling at once refreshing and bold enough to stand up well to food.
Aromas of freshly-sawn wood set the scene on a wine that is full of new-wood toast and vanilla flavors. The fruit is also present, resulting in a wine that has balanced potential in maybe 4–5 years. A fine effort.
Aromas of violet, woodland berry, a hint of coffee and a whiff of adhesive bandage carry over to the simple palate. It's a bit lean and diluted, with fleeting tannins.
Ripe Anjou pear, Key-lime skins, white lily and white peach show on the nose of this wine from an increasingly popular vineyard. The palate is clean and straightforward, with pear cider, Gala apple and concrete minerality.
This fresh, easy-drinking wine offers aromas of black cherry and green bell pepper, followed by flavors of lightly cooked cherry and blueberry, pomegranate, anise, orange zest and a hint of bell pepper. Sheathed in soft tannins, the finish is a tad savory, with a bright, fruity splash.
Beautifully perfumed Champagne, creamy and mineral at the same time. It has the freshest green apple character to go with a delicious rich, full flavor, grapefruit juice and a tight texture.
This is a heavily wooded wine, with tannins giving a firm and dry character at this stage. It has weight and a powerful structure, but needs time to develop riper fruit and plum flavors. It's always likely to show wood flavors, but certainly wait until 2017.
Starts off with slightly confectionary cherry fruit, accented by peppery spice aromas and flavors. The structure is extremely soft, definitely making it a drink-now sort of wine.
This wine starts off with intriguing aromas of sour cherry, raspberry, amaretto and barnyard. Tart cherry and sandalwood whisper on the palate. The tannins are fine, yet astringent, and the finish is soft and medium in length.
A Grenache-Syrah blend, with 15% new oak, this Rhône-style wine is effusive in cherry liqueur and chocolate flavors, with a rich earthy, mushroom and tobacco undercurrent. It's dry and rustic in the mouth. Drink now.
Dark and earthy, with a streak of soy and a hint of funk, this complex effort opens powerfully, then turns more subtle, with plum and chocolate highlights. It's one of those wines that never stops evolving in the glass.
Bright and wound up tight, this single-vineyard entry offers nicely-focused raspberry and cherry fruit. Brief barrel aging has added a touch of chocolate around the tannins.
Ripe blackberry and plum aromas are open and potent. Strong tannins make for a rough palate feel, while dry, pulling raspberry and plum flavors finish with burn and a woody character.
Here is a luminous and bright Chardonnay from Puglia (it only sees stainless steel) with pretty floral notes followed by white mineral and exotic fruit. It's a light and easygoing wine that would pair with fried foods and appetizers.
Fruity and floral aromas of wild red berry and freshly picked violet lead the nose on this bright, easy-drinking red. The zesty, no-frills palate offers crushed strawberry, orange peel and a cinnamon note alongside firm acidity and pliant tannins.
This 100% Cabernet deserves its reserve status. Compared to the regular 2011, it's richer, with a smoothly tannic mouthfeel framing blackberry, black currant and cedar flavors. It will hold in the bottle until 2018, but there's no reason not to pop the cork now.
With a generous bite of acidity, this fine Chardonnay is extremely flavorful. Traditionally one of the winery's top Chards, it's explosive in pineapple, Asian pear, crème brûlée and roasted marshmallow flavors. Finishes in a swirl of creamy, buttery spices.
A beautiful wine, dry and elegant, and a great bargain at this price. Made from all five of the classic Bordeaux grape varieties, it's rich in blackberry, currant, violet, cocoa and sandalwood flavors, with an exotic spiciness in the finish. Fine acidity and silky tannins combine for a perfect texture. Drink now and through 2013.
Powerful, pure and tightly wound, meaning it's a candidate for short-term cellaring, say 2–5 years. Smells ripe and fruity, with blackberry, cola and coconut resulting in a spot-on nose. Concentrated and juicy, with a strong constitution and potent plum, berry and cassis flavors. Toasty and lightly oaky on the finish; 73% Malbec and 27% Cabernet Sauvignon.
A beautifully perfumed aroma leads to a fresh, light but attractive wine. The fruits dominate, with red cherries and plum skins, a touch of jam and a final streak of acidity.
Subtle and shy at first, exhibiting light aromas of rose petal, this wine unveils slowly to reveal complex elements of cinnamon, red and black cherry—a curious commingling that comes together nicely. From several vineyards, including Martinelli, it's medium bodied and lengthy, with plenty of earthiness to the finish.
Some tobacco, vanilla and toasty oak mingle with rich black fruit on the bouquet. The palate offers plum and berry fruit along with some black pepper. A fruity 100% Cabernet with a chocolate- and coffee-tinged finish.
A heady and rich wine right from the start, this opens with seductive notes of brambly blackberry, wild raspberry, sweet spice, licorice and toast. It's full and weighty, with a texture like crushed velvet and a deep palate that continues to provide additional layers of flavor with each sip. Sweet spice, cocoa powder and mocha flavors linger on the evolving finish. Drink from 2017-2020. Monsieur Touton Selection Ltd, Dalbavie Selection LLC.
This Barbera d'Alba is aged 15 months in oak and boasts well-defined notes of exotic spice, cigar box and shades of sweet vanilla. You'll find the fruit in the mouth, especially on the plum-driven finish. Overall, the use of wood helps shape an attractive, well-structured wine.
Made from Pinot Blanc, this is a plump Crémant with slightly floral aromas and lemon and lime flavors. Fresh, picking up some earthy aromas on the finish.
Some barrel influence works its way onto the largely natural bouquet, while the flavors of peach, banana and melon surf a smooth, modestly deep palate. This is better than your average Argentinean Chardonnay, especially if you like some tropical warmth and weight. Drink right away to catch its vitality.
From vines to the south of the Côte des Blancs, this estate-grown Champagne has much of the same tight texture and minerality. It is taut and crisp while keeping plenty of room for apple and citrus fruitiness. This fresh wine could certainly take some bottle aging. Drink now, but better from late 2016.
Lightly seared lemons, cut pear and a touch of butter show on the nose of this bottling. The palate is simple and easy to drink with light apple, nectarine and lime touches.
Light, bright and crisp, this wine is based around grapes grown in the Loire Valley. It offers attractive apple and pear fruit flavors cut with acidity, with a tangy aftertaste.
This ripe wine shows plenty of blackberry fruits balanced well with some dry tannins. It is fresh, juicy with plenty of acidity, For a light vintage, it's perfumed, full of fresh flavors and will be ready to drink from 2017.
This very fine effort may well be the best yet from Saffron Fields and consulting winemaker Tony Rynders. Cola, smoke, black cherry and cinnamon scents explode from the glass, and the mouthwatering palate continues along those lines. It's got the balance, length and crisp, defining acidity to continue to drink well through 2021 or longer.
Rich, with flavors of stewed fruits, red plums, sweetness and softness. It's certainly a super-ripe wine, maybe too obviously rich, but immediately delicious.
Bright orange juice, dill herbs and a slight whiff of vanilla bean lead the aromas on this un-oaked Chard. On the palate, flavors of apple cider come with a wash of fresh lime juice on the back end.
This rich, opulent prestige cuvée lives up to the Séduction name, instantly appealing with its ripe yellow fruit and generous texture. It is just approaching maturity, with hints of toast. Drink now or, even better, from 2017.
Full-bodied but easy to drink, this well-modulated wine from a section of Lake County known for excellent reds combines nicely ripe flavors with a smoothly tannic texture. It has ripe plum and raisin notes, a lightly spicy, smoky oak accent and a lingering finish.
Smooth black currant fruit with great density as well as superripeness. The wine is charming, while still having a powerful structure. Still a relative value in Pauillac, Batailley is now showing real class.
Exotic fruit, grapefruit and tomato vine scents follow through to the lean, lively palate, along with a hint of green melon. Racy acidity leaves a crisp, clean finish.
An impressive wine, balancing the dark, dense tannins and fruit with ease and style. Black plums fit well with sweet black figs and ripe acidity, sustained by just the right amount of wood. It is powerful, but not overpowering.
This is a celebratory display of the appellation and vintage, a rewarding show of creme brûlée and spicy acidity. Well-integrated and balanced, while undoubtedly ripe, it has mellow oak around tropical mango and juicy apricot and peach.
Starts off rather dark and brooding, with scents of coffee, dark chocolate and saddle leather, but despite the almost scorched aromas, there's also a bright beam of red fruit. Medium-weight and supple in the mouth, finishing crisp.
Cornas is Colombo's home turf, and the 2005 Terres Brulees shows his mastery, offering up beefy, cedary notes but also cracked pepper and cassis alongside iron-like mineral notes. This is full-bodied and intense, with plenty of structure; drink 2015-2025.
For a sweet wine, it's clean, light and airy, with pear and powdered sugar on the nose. The flavors are definitely sweet but the feel isn't particularly sticky, and the finishing flavors of candied fruit, vanilla and honeydew are good. Made from late-harvest Viura and Malvasia.
Light cherry colored, this wine displays aromas of herbs, cherry and melon. It drinks off dry (6.6g/L residual sugar) but lacks the acid to support the sugar.
Leesy on the nose like the name implies, this Godello smells creamy, with notes of apple and melon. The palate shows moderate citric acidity but nothing scouring, while flavors of ripe apple, orange and powdered sugar finish leesy and peachy.
A nice Syrah, rich in berries, licorice, Dr. Pepper cola and spices, with soft, luxurious tannins. It's a little uncomplicated and sweet, but easy to drink now.
Starts off with rich, fragrant aromas of ripe peaches, mangos and flowers, with vanilla and buttery-oaky notes. There's lots of buttercream in the mouth, along with ripe, forward tropical fruit and spice flavors and a high acidity level that creates a searing, mouthwatering quality. Good stuff.
The Lapa vineyards are away from the Tagus (Tejo) river giving better structured soil and therefore firmer wines. That shows in this ripe wine with its tannins and bold fruits. It is attractively fruity, with a dry core. The wine is ready to drink.
A lusty wine, soft and exceedingly fruity, as befits its warm origins. Flashy in raspberry and cherry jam, roasted coconut, sweet mocha and cinnamon flavors, with a savory touch of bacon.
The fresh but restrained nose shows notes of pencil lead, damp earth, roasted game and prune. The flavors follow suit but evidence fatigue rather than freshness on the palate. The medium body pivots around the wine's marked acidity and dusty tannins.
Creamy vanilla and spritzy acidity surround a ripe core of baked apple and pear in this white. Full-bodied and touched by oak, it finishes clean and concentrated.
A blend of Nero d'Avola and Nerello Mascalese, this delivers forest berry and cola, with blue flower and dusty mineral accents. The palate is easy, bright and lean.
This ruby-colored blend of Corvina and Sangiovese doesn't offer huge aromatic intensity, but it does deliver clean notes of cherry, dried fruit, spice and fresh tobacco leaf (it is aged in cherry wood casks). The wine imparts a sour note with nutty, earthy flavors on the finish.
The aromas of fresh cut apples are so strong that this could easily pass for apple cider in a blind tasting. It's low alcohol, high acid, and quite unusual.
Showing the heat of the vintage, this offers earthy sensations of leather, scorched soil, truffle, stewed prune and ripe cherry. Bracing tannins provide the backdrop.
Stunningly good, this offers off-dry numbers (13g/L) but plenty of high acid tang. Honeysuckle, tart citrus, green apple and honeycomb start it out, and the wine kicks into more and more gears with superb concentration and depth. Lemon verbena and lemon-tea flavors come into the extended finish, with light tannins and superb details. Drink now through 2035.
This distinctive Riesling starts with a blast of crushed stone and lime zest, then settles down to offer strident lime-sherbet flavors—slightly sweet—that end on a dry, tactile note. Imported by Kobrand Corporation.
Spicy floral notes on the nose lead into crisp, light layers of citrus and pineapple on the palate with this flirty, flavorful white. Delicate with a clean and elegant finish, it's a fun summer wine with style.
This seems so sweet, you could almost classify it as a dessert wine. It has simple orange, pineapple and vanilla flavors.
Full bodied, creamy and lush, this is a prototypical Barossa Valley Shiraz from a longtime master of the variety. Smoke, cedar, mulberry and eucalyptus notes mingle easily on the nose, while savory notes of roasted meat and dried herb blend seamlessly into the fruit, ending long, velvety and rich.
Deliciously flinty notes of good reduction still play on the nose and hover just above an immensely inviting waft of fresh green and yellow pears. The palate reveals more white pepper and savory yeast and a neon-strip of lively and brightening acidity. This is linear, zippy and superclean and yet brings all the varietal spice.
This opens with aromas of charred earth, violet and wild berry. The straightforward palate offers black raspberry, tart cherry and a hint of anise alongside polished tannins. It's rather simple for a Barolo and nearly accessible. Drink 2016–2021.
A ripe, strawberry- flavored wine, with richness and dense flavors. It's a great summer rosé, with ripeness coming from sweet fruits and a dry, firm aftertaste. Imported by Pasternak Wine Imports.
89-91 Good, fresh spicy fruit make this wine very attractive. There are firm fruit tannins.
Simple and clean, this Pinot has good qualities and offers pleasure without being complex. It's light-bodied, dry and silky, with cherry, cola and rhubarb pie flavors.
Berry fruit, vanilla and violet aromas are friendlier than the rugged, ultrafirm palate on this Syrah-Graciano blend. With food, the wine will be a strong counterpoint and will hold its own. By itself it may slip in pleasure points; the Graciano is tight as nails and adds astringency. Imported by Möet Hennessy USA, Inc.
Sugary, like pineapple and lemon jam melted down into wine. Yet it's clean and zesty in acidity. If you like a sweet white, it's all yours.
Creamy aromas of vanilla and pears also carry some typical Sauvignon Blanc pungency. For a rounder style, which it is, it's quite refreshing. The mix across the palate of banana, grapefruit and almonds is attractive, and so is the round, pretty finish. Drink it very soon.
Thick and tannic, this wine, among all the single-varietal offerings from Griffin Creek, shows a bit more ripeness to the black, muscular fruits. It's dense in the mouth, with cassis, cocoa and coffee, bolstered with sharp, piercing acidity.
An easygoing ripe red, with the minerality of the Dão rounded into sweeter damson and red berry fruits. There's an attractive layer of acidity for freshness. Drink now.
There are some toasty, Graham cracker highlights in the nose, leading into a full, round wine with lemon verbena accents. Fruity, soft and broad, with apple and melon.
From the mica soil of Goulaine, this single-parcel wine is rich and full in the mouth. Aged for three years in tank, the wine is now mature, ripe and rounded with yellow fruits as well as a strong citrus element. Drink now.
With its dark pink color, this is more red than rosé. It has a tannic edge, along with red plum acidity and fruits. It's clean, allowing space for freshness while also being structured.
Baked plum, brick dust, stewed tomato and leather aromas are rugged but good. Chewy and only moderately tannic, this basic Monastrell delivers raspberry and plum flavors sweetened by hints of brown sugar and molasses. A lasting, chocolaty finish is easygoing, with a shot of acidity for balance.
This Chardonnay is extremely close in style and complexity to Gary Farrell's best single-vineyard bottlings, for a lower price. The wine is mouthwatering in acidity, with rich tropical fruit, peach and lime flavors.
The unique nose of this wine shows crystalline lime candy and nectarine flesh, along with a sharper yet plush tangerine blossom aroma. The palate plays the cut-grass note with pride, offering bell pepper, jalapeño, green peppercorn and kaffir lime flavors, sewn together with a tightly wound acidity.
From St. Helena. Ultrasoft and ultraripe in the modern style, a cassis and chocolate- flavored wine marked by melted tannins and a soft texture. The wine is voluptuous and very good, but would benefit from better structure.
With no dosage, this 100% Turbiana opens with aromas of walnut and medicinal herb. The lively palate offers citrus zest, apple skin, bitter almond and a light note that recalls adhesive bandages, all set against a backdrop of large, steely bubbles.
Merlot remains a challenge for most Oregon producers who attempt it. This does not rise past the impression of light and grapey soda flavors, with some stiff earthy tannins.
Clean lemon and pineapple juice ride on a streamlined palate, driven by sharp, bracing acids.
Dark plum, herb and charcoal aromas give this Carmenère a very sound bouquet. The palate is ripe and smooth, and when you take in the fact that it costs but $9, the value factor skyrockets. With pure berry fruit, a smack of fresh herbs and even a hint of silk to the feel, this wine overdelivers.
Aromas suggesting ripe plum, exotic spice, blue flower and a whiff of pipe tobacco take shape in the glass. The full-bodied palate doles out ripe black cherry, raspberry, vanilla and a hint of star anise while velvety tannins give it a polished feel. An espresso note signals the close. Drink 2018–2026.
Medium in body and high in acidity, this wine from one of the great vineyard sites for the variety in California does it justice, showing both intensity and lingering succulence. Tangerine, quince and lemon meet a more layered depth of caramelized apple and butterscotch, the texture gravelly.
Winemaker: Carl Schultz. A ripe and concentrated selection, with a touch of warmth throughout, this offers rich notes of black cherry, boysenberry, licorice, black pepper and game on the nose and mouth. The texture is plush and mouthfilling, with medium tannins and dense black-fruit flavors that finish spicy and chocolaty. Drink now–2022.
The wine's aromas are simple and rather monothematic and recall apple cider or pear juice. There's even a slight veil in its appearance and a gritty texture that further reinforces that pear juice impression. That said, Bisceglia is an up and coming modern winery and one worth keeping an eye on in the future.
Smooth and ripe, with woody aromas of toasted coconut and vanilla. The palate is all black cherry and cassis, while the finish is smooth and easy, with a light wave of mocha at the base. Overall it's an integrated wine with balance.
Made from air-dried Falanghina and Coda di Volpe, this pretty dessert wine opens with a dark, golden color and bright aromas of apricot, honey and candied pineapple.
Aged 100% in new wood, this is a wine produced as a joint venture between California vintner Paul Hobbs and Cahors producer Bertrand Vigouroux. It is a major, powerful statement, rich and dense. The texture smoothes out the natural structure of Cahors Malbec to give a silky wine, the tannins in suspension in the black plum fruits. It will be better from 2017.
Dusty aromas of tea and dried spices blend well with black olive and black-fruit notes. This wine has a lean but muscular build. Plum and wild berry flavors come with dry, spicy oak accents. Acidity keeps the finish in shape and ensures length; drink through 2022.
Grassy and herbal—verging on vegetal—but with just enough ripe nectarine flavors to help provide a sense of balance. It's nicely round in the mouth, with a soft, easygoing finish.
Tight, clean and fresh but reluctant aromas of apple greet the nose on this boxed wine. The palate lacks discernible flavors, with just a touch of steely apple flesh.
Light acidity and a crisp green-fruited texture offer fine freshness in this bright wine. The acidity is a delicious streak in the not quite dry final flavor.
In an impressive line up of Premier Crus from Mercurey, this is the most structured. With dark dry tannins and a firm structure it has considerable potential for aging. The rich black fruits are still developing, filling the wine with fine perfumes and juicy acidity. The wine needs to wait, drink from 2020.
Tropical fruit and vanilla-cookie aromas come with a note of nectarine. This feels juicy, racy and citric, with flavors of tangerine and nectarine. Despite having tangy acidity, the wine turns heavy on the finish.
Smooth, wood-aged, polished and juicy, this is an attractive, fruity Bordeaux, with red berry notes and a light tannic structure. It has some of the richness of the vintage and is ready to drink.
An inky black 100% Petite Sirah that's smoky and soft, luxurious in nuanced and complex layers of black and blueberry fruit, black pepper and wild game. An incredible offering from the Napa Valley.
This leads with subtle black plum and cooking spice scents. The simple palate shows clove, tobacco and blackberry flavors. Drink soon.
Gushing with bright strawberry and raspberry aromas and flavors, this wine tastes fresh and delicious, lively and fun. It's dry, well balanced, moderately tannic, and has an appetizing, grippy texture.
The winery makes a line of Cabernet Sauvignon from various AVAs of the Napa Valley, highlighting each on the label. From warmer Calistoga, this mouthCab is brambly black fruit-forward with layers of coffee and mocha.
Thick and rich with tobacco and dark chocolate notes, this vineyard-designated wine shows a generous helping of brambly black fruit, its midpalate baring the teeth of sharp tannin and smoky oak. It finishes soft and contained.
Light on the nose, then fresh but a bit watery on the palate, this simple SB delivers undefined citrus flavors that lose steam in front of a quiet finish.
When you're blending barrels from multiple vintages, you'd better make a fine wine. Oso Libre succeeds with this opulent offering from their Abernathy Vineyard. There is leather, mocha, oak smoke, vanilla and deep cherry on the nose, followed by a rich palate of ripe red-berry fruit and a lingering campfire-flavor finish.
This is a remarkably well-composed wine full of ripe blackberry and cassis flavor accented by tart cranberry acidity and a rustic, brambly note. Complex, concentrated and elegant, it finishes with layers of granite and wet-stone minerality.
Altero opens with a dark garnet color and tight fruit aromas of white cherry, pomegranate, cassis and dried raspberry. Supple tones of smoke, leather and tobacco fill out the rear but only play a supporting role. In the mouth, the wine is tight, streamlined and sharp.
Taking advantage of the delicious fruit of 2006, this Branaire-Ducru shows a charming side. It brings out ripe, spicy black plums and black cherry spice to go with the lively, fresh tannins. That's not to say that there isn't structure, but today it is the fruit that dominates.
The riary aromas have a floral accent as well as a leathery side. It feels bouncy and composed, with a good mouthfeel and solid flavors of spiced raspberry and red plum. Oaky but vibrant on the finish.
This is a soft, rich Pinot Noir, bursting in cherry pie and cola flavors. It has a nice edge of acidity, and it finishes dry and exotically spicy. A textbook Carneros wine, it's meant to drink now.
The wine is very fresh, with intense acidity and fragrant red fruits. Made from 100-year-old vines, it's tight, mineral and has a cool, light character with the merest hint of tannin. Drink now.
With distinctly sweet flavors that cross over beyond off dry, this pleasantly tart Moscato is best thought of as a dessert wine. It has savory flavors of oranges, honey and vanilla.
Dark in color, with warm, earthy aromas framed by fairly obvious oak scents. Beefy but good in terms of feel, with spiced plum and berry flavors. Finishes dark, spicy and with notes of cocoa, pepper and lasting oak.
Red apple, light pineapple and key lime cream show on the nose of this twist-top bottling from the regionally pioneering Smith family. The palate is tightly wound and full of intriguingly delicate depth, offering pencil lead, shiso leaf, daikon radish, lemon-lime, sea foam and oyster shells.
This very fairly priced wine from the fourth-generation winemaking family behind San Antonio Winery delivers aromas of black cherry-crusted charred meats with significant mint character. It's dense on the palate and quite tannic, but quite nice with blackberry paste, licorice and tanned leather flavors.
This blend of 60% Malbec and 40% Cabernet Sauvignon delivers notes of savory herbs, vanilla, cocoa and dark plum surrounded by a salty brine. The cranberry and blackberry flavors exhibit depth, elegance and purity, with a mesmerizing mouthfeel that leads to a hyper-extended, fruit-filled finish.
The mouthfeel on this stunning Cabernet is utterly distinctive. Full, lush, packed with smoky black fruits, it seamlessly extends through the midpalate with no hint of chalk, stem, earth or roughness. Voluptuous, smooth and coated with chocolate, espresso and dried orange peel.
Ripe, full in the mouth and with a smooth, already silky texture, this is a generous wine. Its ripe blackberry fruits are juicy, while the tannins are soft and cushioned by the ripe fruits. This is a wine that will develop well, so drink from 2016.
A mélange of aromas, including walnut, pineapple, peach and citrus, takes center stage. The vibrant palate is restrained and linear, offering pink grapefruit and mineral with a succulent, refreshing finish.
This Chardonnay emphasizes structural elegance and mineral-driven acidity, rather than opulence, although you'll find good citrus and tropical fruit flavors. With a dry finish, it's a fine Chardonnay to drink with chicken, ham, salmon or pork, or a nice dish of buttery pasta with peas and Parmesan.
This nonvintage Brut is soft, creamy and rounded. It is only lightly textured with its peach and apple fruit flavors and a hint of spice. It is ready to drink.
This wine's personality is all peach fuzz and tropical thunder, wrapped in grassy herbs. With bristling acidity, it's refreshing and bright, with a flattened finish.
Evocative redcurrant notes play on the nose. They become more intense on the palate where lively fizz lets them mix with lemon and pink grapefruit zestiness. This wine is lively and fresh but the exuberant surface is supported by a firm and taut structure of subtle autolysis that provides the perfect backdrop for all the tart, refreshing berry fruit. It offers freshness, joy and verve in one tidy, neat package. Lovely now, it will develop. Drink 2017–2025.
A big-boy Cabernet Sauvignon-dominant blend (50% Cab Sauv, 40% Merlot, 10% Zinfandel) from the South Coast of California, offering up tones of cranberry, cassis and even a hint of eucalyptus, that's stemmy and tannic with room to mellow with age.
Sleek and fragrant, this vibrant red opens with heady scents of fresh red berry, red rose and ground cooking spice. The bright, silky palate doles out ripe morello cherry, juicy strawberry, white pepper and a mineral note alongside refreshing acidity.
Aglianico and Piedirosso are blended here to create an easy wine with good fruit intensity and distant notes of spice and toast that add extra dimension. This is the kind of informal wine you should pair with take-out or pizza.
This is the most widely distributed, highest-production Pinot Noir from Archery Summit. It's forward and fruity, with generous, ripe strawberry and cherry fruit. There is a steely sheen to the finishing flavors, like licking a knife blade, and the tannins pack enough muscle to further improve the wine through 2018–2020.
Archery Summit's top cuvée is young and brash, a jangle of brambly berries, threads of incense and chocolate, assertive acids and not quite integrated tannins. It will require some patience, either in the cellar, or in the decanter (hours!) but has an underlying plush texture and an exotic mix of spices that elevate the pretty fruit to the next level.
Fairly oaky, but in between the wood grain are aromas of stone-encrusted peach and pungent citrus. A model fumé-style wine that will suit grilled shrimp or lobster like a fine-fitting suit. The flavors of lemon curd, grapefruit and pineapple are rock solid, while the feel from front to back is ideal.
This is lean and green, so if you like your wines redolent of green tomato, celery leaf and lime this is one to try. It's flavor profile and tart finish would make it pair well with ceviche.
For a large-production Rioja, this sings the proper notes and shiould please almost anyone with a taste for Spanish red wines. It's violet in color, indicating good ripeness. The nose is concentrated and likable, with solid berry and plum fruit to back it up. Round, pleasant and with a touch of oaky vanilla on the finish. Drink now.
Call it Chablis-like. This Chard is bone dry, crisp in citrusy acidity, and features stony, minerally flavors of Meyer lemons and limes. Try as a richer alternative to Pinot Grigio.
Coconut, chocolate and coffee make for sweet and savory companions in this mushy, grippy and satisfying wine. Big on power and concentration, it has an underlay of brown sugar.
Despite its rich ripeness, this wine is a bit lighter in alcohol and tighter than Loring's other releases. The tannins and acids suggest midterm cellaring, but if you drink it now, you'll like the richness of the black cherry compote, mocha, Oriental spice and toast flavors.
A blend of young vines fruit gives a very soft, gently rounded wine with only the lightest of depth. The fruit is full, the flavors show some spice, while yellow fruit tastes roll around underneath. Drink now.
This wine is unquestionably about power and punch, not subtlety. Superripe fruit flavors of kirsch and dark, toasty, coffee liqueur coat the palate. It's flavorful, but not a trace of varietal character remains.
Very bright and pure, with high acid that makes the wine clean and vibrant all the way through the finish, this Viognier bursts with tropical fruits, limes, wildflowers, honey and vanilla bean. Really easy to drink with a wide range of fare.
Gritty plum, peppery spice and herbal aromas lead to a tangy, fairly high-acid palate. The flavors are a mix of earthiness, pasty berry and red currant, while the finish is short, juicy and lightly oaked. For $10 it's a fair wine.
An intensely juicy wine, this needs time to bring together all the part of the blend. The richness and wood flavors show power, sweetness and dark berry and plum flavors spiced with cinnamon and toast. Give it a year for the extreme juiciness to calm down.
The wine comes from the Grand Cru village of Chouilly in the Chardonnay vineyards of the Côte des Blancs. It is crisp, mineral textured and still developing. Bright acidity and lemon-zest flavors give this wine its lively and also full-bodied character. Drink from 2018.
Chocolate and raspberry join forces in this jammy, soft and round wine that's sizable yet approachable. This is a good go-to for midweek meals and parties, with a medium body and respectable finish that will pair with a wide range of foods.
Made with equal parts Lagrein, Merlot, Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot, this structured, balanced red boasts aromas of black pepper, black currant, toast and a whiff of bell pepper. The firm palate delivers mature plum, roasted coffee bean and allspice accompanied by chewy tannins. Drink through 2021.
The nose on this savory, crowd-pleasing wine is great, with attractive notes of black plum, sesame oil, soy, hoisin and salted caramel. An array of well-integrated flavors flood the palate, like black cherry stewed in Indian spice, Asian plum sauce, blackberry preserves and stewed peppercorns.
A blend of fruit from up-and-coming Red Heaven and Scooteney Flats vineyards, this wine brings aromas of game, medicine cabinet and cherry. The fruit flavors are soft in feel, seeming somewhat dried out.
Stridently purple in hue, this bold, richly berried wine deftly blends the spice and smoke of Lemberger with the plush black fruit and bramble of Merlot and Dornfelder. Hints of granite and herb lend elegance but its faint tannins and sunny acidity make it enjoyable now through 2021.
Pulpy aromas of applesauce are a bit flat. This feels chunky on the palate, with low acidity. White-fruit flavors suggest canned peach and pear, and it tastes sweet on the finish.
An old-vine, estate bottling, this offers extra layers of scents and flavors. Red fruits pile upon juicy acids, supported by a layer of stone. Big black cherry fruit holds down the substantial center, with a streak of cola running through the finish. Let this breathe an hour or two for maximum enjoyment.
This wine was given quite a bit of time in bottle. It offers cranberry, olive and a sanguine touch of dried cherry. Medium in weight and oak, it finishes with tart acidity.
From a cool site in a cool year, this wine shows thoughtful winemaking and attention to detail. It's a finesse wine, balanced and poised, and the flavors, though light, are persistent; pomegranate, pie cherry, breakfast tea and a hint of tobacco come into play, with a thin suggestion of sassafras. But there is nothing unripe or unpleasant, and the tannins are nicely managed.
Delicate on the nose with hints of lemon, lime and orange blossom, this slightly off-dry Riesling is succulent with white grapefruit and tangerine flavors. Brisk and steely with a fine, focused acidity, it finishes moderately long with a spray of lime zest and dusty minerals.
A lovely Bordeaux blend, fruity and incredibly rich. Mainly Cabernet Sauvignon, it shows the Alexander Valley's soft tannins and herb-tinged flavors of blackberries and black cherries, topped with smoky sweet new oak. Easy to like now with a charred steak.
Here's a sophisticated sparkler (made with 80% Chardonnay and a remaining component of Pinot Nero and Pinot Bianco) that opens with creamy notes of apricot, honey and toasted baguette. Tangy apricot flavors are backed by tart lemon zest flavors and lively bubbling.
Oregano, sun-dried grass and vanilla scents veneer seemingly volatile notes of plum and blackberry. Although the wine comes with a supple attack, high-strung acidity marks the midpalate, which makes the wine feel stressed and uneasy.
Unmistakably Riesling from the petrol notes that dominates. The winemaker calls it off-dry, but it tastes dry in citrus, white flower and mineral notes, probably due  to the high acidity. Refreshingly low in alcohol.
Winemaker Bill Brousseau taps his family vineyard for this bottling that leans toward a more delicate style, offering light white flowers, yellow melon, tangerine peels, kumquat, Asian pear and a hint of clove and cinnamon spice. A baking-soda energy pops on the palate, where lemon blossoms and pink-grapefruit rinds collide for a tart chorus.
The acidity really makes this Chardonnay come alive, providing vitality, a quality that's boosted by an undercurrent of minerals. It's so rich in tropical fruit, orange, nectarine and pear flavors, and so generously oaked, which brings a sweet, satisfying note of buttered toast, that all you want to do is drink it now, preferably with steamed lobster and melted butter.
Lemon balm, peppery arugula and yeasty savoriness combine into a sleek, streamlined wine that goes down all too easily—notwithstanding its wonderful layers and length. The lemony finish lasts and refreshes.
A fresh wine, all citrus and green plums, and rounded out with wood. This is an immediately attractive, thirst-quenching wine, with just a touch of sophistication.
Heavy, minty and smelling of shoe polish, barrel char and black licorice. The palate is chunky but overall it has pretty good structure. Meanwhile, the flavors of raspberry and plum carry a heavy oak influence. Spice and resin, additional reflections of the oak, dominate the finish.
On the meaty, gamy, savory side of things, with fruit flavors of tart blackberries to bolster hints of coffee and roasted meat. It's full-bodied, then turns crisp, lacking texture on the finish.
Caramel and white-chocolate aromas lead to very ripe, buttery flavors, a sense of sweetness and an almost thick texture in this full-bodied wine. Practically as rich and creamy as a milkshake, it will delight some drinkers for its unctuousness.
The high quality of simple, introductory wines like this cuvée is a great sign for the bigger 2005s yet to come. The aromas are intense without being jammy or overripe, featuring peppery, herbal notes to go along with bold raspberry and cassis fruit. The tannins are supple enough to make this approachable right away. Drink now, and plan to stock up on Robin's 2005 Cuvée Alberic Bouvet when it's released.
A great trattoria wine, this smooth Merlot opens with aromas of ripe fruit and a touch of cured meat. It's a full-bodied expression with easy fruit flavors and a touch of bright acidity on the close.
Fresh and green-fruited, with mildly sweet, talcum powder aromas. Turns more stark in the mouth, and toward sour apple and grapefruit. Fairly acidic, and thus more zesty than substantive. Lemony and sharp on the finish.
Expanding on their fathers' legacies, the cousins Jean-Laurent and Jean-Dominique Vacheron have a deserving reputation for their almost-Burgundian Sancerre. This latest vintage, packed with both fruit and structure, shows why. It is ripe with red cherries and dark plums laced with acidity. The wine is full of great ripe fruit and generous tannins. Drink from 2018.
A standard Cabernet, dry and tannic. The best thing is the deep core of blackberry, currant, mineral and spice flavors. Drink now–2014.
Aromas of brambly plum and raspberry set up a palate with ripe flavors of black cherry and nutmeg. A baking-spice character carries onto the finish, which turns more soft and candied as it wraps up.
Earthy, slightly leathery cherry and berry aromas are nothing unusual. This is aggressive in its attack, with energy to spare. Fresh blackberry and black-plum flavors finish with resiny, lactic notes that are oak based.
Chicca is a naturally sweet wine with an inky garnet color and a dark consistency. The wine's unique characteristics require special consideration when pairing with foods. Chocolate-based desserts and rum cake could work well. Notes of blackberry and cherry liqueur are backed by a thick, sweet mouthfeel.
With a light layer of tannin, this structured wine comes from the heart of the Beaujolais Villages area. It has black cherry and red-fruit flavors balanced by the right amount of acidity. Drink now. The Colonge family has been growing grapes in Beaujolais since 1789.
From the vineyard high up on Atlas Peak comes this delicious, well-made wine. At more than four years of age, it's still fairly tannic, but fresh and accessible in blackberry and cherry fruit. Just beginning to dry out and show mellow bottle age. A lovely, masculine wine that should develop over the next six years.
A blend of 45% Cannonau, 45% Carignano and 10% Bovale Sardo, this opens with aromas of cassis, red cherry and Mediterranean scrub. The round juicy palate offers black plum, ripe raspberry and white pepper set against pliant tannins. Enjoy through 2019.
Bold fruit characterizes this firm, fruity Cahors. It has the dark tannins of Malbec, which are supported by the rich black-fruit flavor and touches of licorice, black cherry and black currant. Age this for another 2–3 years.
Powdery fruit and air freshener aromas are probably the best part of this narrow, unfriendly rosé. Sour citrus flavors rest on lemon, while the palate is piercingly acidic. A lot of work needs to be done to make this a worthy summer rosé.
Very rich, this ripe and rounded wine is typical of the powerful 2010 vintage. It's dense and concentrated, packed with black plum and sweet berry fruits. It shows a dense structure along with juicy fruits. It could be over the top, but the acidity and tannins hold it back. Drink from 2018.
With 12 months in French oak, the Reserve Barrel Fermented Chardonnay is a rounder, more spice-infused Chard than Macari's regular Estate Bottled offering. As big as it is, the nose is somewhat muted with soft notes of pear and yellow flowers and the palate shows more as a result of the oak (spice, toast) than the fruit.
This Riserva Sangiovese opens with warming notes of black cherry, blackberry pie, exotic spice, leather and moist pipe tobacco. The wine shows fine tannins and a rich feel overall.
Very familiar Rioja aromas of cherry, plum and prune scream Tempranillo. This is wiry in feel, with tight, hammering acidity. Berry and black-cherry flavors finish on a subtle note of chocolate along with a final shot of juicy, sharp acidity.
Fresh and zippy, this is loaded with lime and passion fruit flavors, tinged with just enough herbal character to give it that distinctive Marlborough tang.
This wine shows the California influence, taking the edges off the Oregon fruit and pushing it forward on the palate. Broad flavors of strawberry jam and streaks of melon take over, with plenty of the root beer/cola character right behind. It could almost be Russian River juice, but shown in a lighter, more elegant style. Excellent value.
Soft notes of apple are bedded on a creamy, biscuity background of mellow richness. The structure of Pinot Noir shines through and makes for an elegant if not overly fruited wine. Fine bubbles make for a very smooth mouthfeel, all the way to the dry, refreshing finish.
Here is a sturdy, fruit-driven wine, with a mix of quickly maturing mulberry and plum fruits. Add a dash of mocha and vanilla custard, and you have a solid, all-purpose red for lighter meats and poultry.
Old-gold in color, and thick and syrupy. The aromas run to caramel, apricots, toffee, butterscotch, vanilla, pecan pie and crème brûlée. Tastes as voluptuous as it smells. Fantastic concentration and depth; a nectar bursting with sweet, gorgeous fruit. The acidity is high, but it feels soft and creamy. Residual sugar of 28% makes it tooth-achingly sweet. Only 554 cases produced, but worth the search.
The winery seems to be calling this Shiraz, not Syrah, because of the wine's direct simplicity, in the Aussie style. It's a soft, fruity wine, bigtime in cherries and blackberries, made to be immediately drinkable.
Here's a perfectly correct and clean Pinot Grigio from Tuscany that shows evidence of a deft and technologically savvy team of winemakers. The wine boasts well-dosed perfumes of wild flowers, citrus and stone fruit with a crisp finish that would pair well with all informal foods and salads.
This is an attractive, ripe and fruity wine made from Merlot and Cabernet Franc vines. With soft tannins, it is juicy and crisp. There is a tight edge that will soften to produce a generous wine. Yorick and Sophie Lavaud's 13 acres are Agrocert-certified organic. Drink from 2019.
This opens with aromas of dried herb and rosemary, followed by notes of smoky campfire and crushed granite. There's a pretty feminine touch on the finish that appears as perfumed blue flower.
Meaty, with dark fruit flavors, this wine has dry, hefty tannins that power through to the finish, picking up notes of leather and band-aid along the way.
What sets this wine apart from the rest of the pack is its sexy, creamy mouthfeel; it simply caresses your taste buds as it delivers solid black-cherry fruit touched with milk chocolate, dried thyme and cinnamon. Plush and low-acid, this is made to be drunk young with prime, dry-aged beef.
Simple but cheerful flavors of cherry and berry lead this blend from Virginia. Soft in structure and lacking some dimension, the wine is nonetheless appealing for its bright character.
The most easily accessible of J. Lohr's Bordeaux series, this Cabernet Franc-led ode to Saint-Émilion opens with caramel, vanilla and crème de cassis on the lavish nose. There is ample structure on the palate, with medium tannins, but it's soft enough to enjoy now, with rich fudge, clove and chai flavors laid across tasty black fruits.
Crafted by Billo Naravane from Rasa Vineyards, this is Echo Ridge's sole blend—a mix of 64% Cabernet Sauvignon, 19% Cab Franc and 17% Merlot—all from the estate vineyard in eastern Oregon. The blend proves to be a bit more complete than the single varietal offerings, with plum, anise, tobacco and a hint of coconut in the finish.
The idea that Sauvignon Blanc cannot age is emphatically disproved by this impressive, mature wine. It is rich and concentrated, full of almonds, herbs and a great sense of length and ripeness. This is now perfectly ready to drink.
A harsh, disagreeable wine. So high in acidity, it's sour, and the finish is sweet and hot.
Acidic and green, with sweet-and-sour sauce flavors of mashed cherries, sugar, cilantro and apple cider vinegar.
From Pierre André's Château Corton-André, they can look up at the hill of Corton and the Corton-Charlemagne vineyard. That gives them a neighborly interest. This is reflected in this rich, powerful, muscular wine, full of yellow fruit, ripe wood and tense acidity. It should age for 4–5 years.
A soft and ripe wine with juicy Alicante Bouschet dominating the open fruity blend. It is immediately drinkable with just enough acidity to give the wine a crisp (although still rich) aftertaste. Drink now.
This is a very nice, stylish Chardonnay that's good in varietal character, yet balanced and elegant enough not to blow away any food it accompanies. Dry and crisp in acids, it shows citrus, peach and apple flavors that finish clean and zesty.
Gorgeous, elegant and ageworthy. With a softly tannic structure, it's drinkable now, but should age and gain complexity for 10 years. Dry and smooth, it has complex flavors of blackberries, black cherries, currants, red licorice, cola and oak. Give it some time to breathe. Now–2017.
Bright golden color gives way to caramelized oak and densely packed flavors of yellow apple and anise. Crisp, underlying acidity helps balance the lush mouthfeel of luxurious weight and incorporated oak.
A simple, soft and slightly sweet wine, with ripe flavors of berries, currants, cola and funky leather. Cabernet, Sangiovese and Petite Sirah.
Aromas of honey and beeswax come from this wine made from 26-year-old vines of this still-rare Bordeaux grape in California. The flavors are a tad flatter, with almond, charred lemon and pear flesh, though the lifting quality of lemongrass makes this a suitable selection for a wide array of Asian food.
Apple and passion fruit are the aromatic top notes, hovering above a nose of honey and musk. Notes of honey, caramel and maple syrup seem to unite on the palate, guided and framed by the sharpest, most luminous acidity. Extremes are at work here, revealing both utter sweetness and utter acidity. Dazzling all of the senses, this wine leaves a rich aftertaste.
86–88. Barrel sample. With a chemical aroma, this is a strange wine initially. It has some fruitiness, peach and spice flavors, but is soft with an almond and bitter aftertaste.
Although the bouquet is a touch herbal and raspy, this Cab offers good balance and body in the mouth along with plum, cherry, cassis and spice in moderate measures. A bright, fresh-feeling finish ensures a positive lasting impression.
89-91 While the sample has reductive aromas, it has enough dry fruits and dense tannins to show a wine which has good potential. The acidity and freshness come through.
The attractive new label design introduces this clean, simple, pleasant rosé, a blend of Pinot Noir and 7% Pinot Meunier. Quite foamy, it subsides into a pale pink wine with hints of strawberry fruit.
Keller enters the big leagues with this marvelously layered Pinot Noir. For starters, it's delicious. Dry and crisp, the flavors are of ripe cherries, raspberries, tangerines, pomegranates and cola, with smoky, spicy complexities from new French oak. The mouthfeel is smooth and velvety, leading to a long, fruity finish. Best now and through 2010.
Despite its lighter color, this wine explodes from the glass with a complex, near-endless list of aromas that include sea breeze, crushed flowers, peat, green olive, fire pit, smoked meat, pepper, orange peel and sea salt. Its ethereal, elegant style belies the outrageously rich, exquisitely flavorful savory notes that won't quit, offering a completely captivating walk on the variety's wild side.
This is a dry Gewurz that's delightful to drink now. The lychee, Asian pear and citrus flavors feel elegant and refined. Chinese, Thai, Vietnamese and Burmese fare are all natural companions.
An unlikely white wine from a producer known more for old-vine Zinfandel, this full-bodied bottling shows the variety's more voluptuous side. Richly textured, the wine traffics in ripe peach and apricot, with a back note of almond.
Ripe, earthy aromas of plum and berry are oaky and give off a note of maple. Angular and intense on the palate, this blend of Cab Franc, Cab Sauvignon and Carmenère is bolstered by tartaric acid, while the flavor profile is earthy, baked and includes herbal plum and berry. A peppery, spicy, minty finish is typical of high-end Chilean red blends. Drink through 2016.
Mulberry, fennel and smoldering campfire aromas show on the nose of this bottling from a winery whose direction shows great potential. A gamy and sharply acidic palate offers dried cherry and bay leaf flavors, finishing sour.
Lush, thick and chewy, with rich purple and black fruits, pepper and a finish of vanilla cream. The tannins are substantial but not intrusive; they carry a sensation of rock and graphite. Flavors extend themselves gracefully; the ripe fruit remains front and center, but it finishes with plenty of nuanced rock and spice and hints of herb. An exceptional effort.
You'll find aromas of wild berry, violet and a touch of leather in this wine. Straightforward by Brunello standards, the medium-bodied no-frills palate offers dried cherry and dark baking spice alongside solid tannins. It has a rather abrupt finish. Drink through 2020.
Gobs of ripe fruit flavor and a smooth texture make this medium-bodied wine delicious and appealing. It smells like molasses and boysenberries, tastes jammy, and has no harsh tannins.
Loaded with ripe aromas of cola, dark fruit and earth, and that's followed up by the full allotment of blackberry and black cherry flavors. Chocolaty and full on the palate and finish, with supreme juiciness and laudable balance. Makes the grade and then some. Imported by Winebow.
Aromas of nail polish blow off to reveal moderate white fruit, but this wine shines in the mouth with mineral, spice, yellow fruits and citrus. Dry to the point of being austere, nevertheless a touch of sweetness adds roundness. Citrus and spice on the finish. A good value in New York Riesling.
The power of Corton-Charlemagne is apparent in this dense, ripe wine. Rich and generous, this selection has tropical fruit flavors that are balanced by citrus notes, and the wood influence acts as subtle support.
Gianni Masciarelli has mastered the tricky art of growing Chardonnay in the Abruzzo and this sophisticated, barrique-aged wine shows his enormous talent. Dedicated to his wife, layered aromas here include vanilla extract, pineapple, honey and almond backed by elegant mineral nuances. Wood-driven flavors are underplayed in the mouth, allowing the quality of the fruit to show.
A clean, varietal nose introduces this complex Yakima Valley Syrah. Mixed notes of fennel, anise, herb and coffee wrap around tight, tangy red fruits. The balance and definition are excellent; the finish has just a hint of stem.
This sturdy, full-bodied Pinot could almost be a Grenache, it's so big and strong. Yet, strangely, there's a silky elegance that tells you it's Santa Lucia-style Pinot. Offers waves of raspberries and cherries and oranges, brightened with zesty acidity. A considerable value given the producer and origin.
An easy, fruity wine, this is full of blackberry and red currant flavors. Its fruitiness is tempered with a firm tannic core that gives a light structure.
Furry berry and minty oak aromas are forced. This Cabernet-Malbec blend is saturated and intense to the point of being hard. Medicinal plum and berry flavors are basic, while a peppery shot of oaky mint returns on the finish.
This wine is rich while at the same time having a stalky character that gives smokiness, texture and acidity. These combine with black-currant flavors that finish the wine with great freshness. It's a light vintage for this estate, fruity and certainly for the medium-term. Drink from 2020. The estate has been in the Dillon family since 1985.
Blended with Petit Verdot, this is a fragrant, opulent wine that's softly tannic and easy to drink. It has deep flavors of ripe blackberries, mocha, violets and smoky cedar. Drink now.
Bell pepper, green bean, green tobacco, tomato and herb aromas carry the nose toward an acid-dominated palate of tomato sauce and herbal fruit. Finishes dry and herbal, and a little bit sour. With 25% Cabernet, this is a small step up from Earth's 100% Tempranillo.
Tasty Sauvignon, with grass, grapefruit and slate elements in nice balance. It's crisp without being sharp, as too many are, and just slightly tangy on the tongue. An attractive wine with a spicy satisfying finish.
It is a dark and earthy Pinot, with notes of clean compost, root beer and faint hints of campfire. This medium- to full-bodied wine boasts supple tannins that coast easily through a long, silky finish. Tasted from a 3L bottle in Central Otago (nonblind), the wine seemed much fresher, with more cherry fruit.
A lush fruit nose, with plenty of blackberry jam, woodsmoke and anise. Quite chunky on the palate, but amaiable and easy going, although not a particularly long finish. A pleasant food friendly wine for a weekday night after a hard day at work.
For those who like a very dry wine with lots of yeasty, baked-bread aromas, this one’s for you. In addition to those aromas are notes of lime and raspberry, although they’re understated. The flavors are modulated, too, just suggesting strawberries, but the emphasis here is on texture and acidity.
Just over two-thirds Merlot with the rest Cabernet Sauvignon and a pinch of Petit Verdot, this thoroughly delicious wine opens with a complex assortment of aromas, including incense, toast, crushed flowers, spice, bay leaf, licorice and red and black fruit. The palate is deft but brings waves of layered fruit flavors that show great density and richness. It's hedonistic but doesn't sacrifice one iota of balance. It drinks best at 62 degrees.
Vivid flavors and zippy fruit acidity give this medium-bodied blend of Sauvignon Blanc and Sémillon a big but refreshing personality. It has vibrant citrus and fresh herb aromas, crisp grapefruit and lemon flavors, and a sense of depth on the palate without being heavy. There are so many ways this would start a meal off right.
This is a simple, acid-driven white that's light and bright with a restrained sense of ripeness. Tight-grained oak is wrapped around a buttery middle.
This textbook Paso Cabernet is soft, although fairly tannic, with very ripe flavors of blackberries, chocolate and coffee. It's simple, but so balanced and clean, it's just yummy.
Aromas of corn on the cob and spice lead to lightly sweet-seeming medium-bodied fruit flavors that bring a sense of balance. It provides easy drinking appeal.
A full-bodied wine, just lightly wooded in character. Its acidity is beautifully integrated with rich lees flavors, grapefruit and bright apple. It is a complex wine, deliciously perfumed and likely to age well over 3–4 years.
The grapes for this immense, rich blueberry jammy Syrah come from NFL's John Madden's ranch. It's as big and loud as he can be, with not quite enough fruit or acid to overcome the alcohol, which even gets in the way of the nose. With a small percentage of Grenache blended in and the whole aged in 100% American oak (1/3 new), this style may appeal to some;, but can be interpreted as overly voluptuous, even on a second tasting eight hours after the first. Decant or, preferably, give it another 3–5 years.
Aromas of mature black-skinned berry, wild mint, dill, coffee and tobacco emerge on this full-bodied red. The round palate offers juicy Marasca cherry, chopped herb and a hint of black pepper framed in velvety tannins while a licorice note closes the finish. Drink through 2023.
Made entirely with Merlot, this has a shy nose that tries to hide suggestions of plum and bell pepper. The straightforward palate provides plum with hints of vanilla and clove alongside grainy tannins.
This wine skirts the boundaries of ripeness, veering close to an extreme edge. Aged in American oak, 25% of it new, it's hedonistic and jammy in raspberry cobbler, brown sugar and baking spice, intense and tart, with a dry, peppery finish.
Named after the Bay of Biscay near Gascony, this wine is light, fruity and crisp. It has an herbal character, refreshing green fruit and lively acidity. Drink now.
The Jerome reserve is exactly what you want and expect in a reserve. Not just bigger, not just more of everything—it has that—but without sacrificing terroir or balance. Supple, veined with red fruits, purple fruits, smoke, earth and barrel toast, the wine moves sinuously across the palate into a full-bore finish. Lots of life ahead.
Round, smooth and rich, this full-bodied wine has ripe fruit and a balanced acidity. It is more about yellow fruits, less about citrus, conveying a generous character. It is likely to age quickly, so drink from late 2015.
This smooth, polished Cabernet offers lots of enjoyment for drinking now and soon. It's soft and velvety-smooth, with pretty flavors of black cherries, red currants, licorice and cedar, wrapped into finely ground tannins.
Baked slightly raisiny black-fruit aromas tell you that 2011 was a ripe vintage. In the mouth, this is pushed by fresh acidity and weighty berry fruit. Peppery flavors of black plum, blackberry and spice show outsize oak on the finish. Drink through 2024 with the understanding that as each year passes this will taste less oaky and more integrated.
This is a new grape for the Riboli family's brand, and they've managed to present it with enticing and rounded nectarine and melon aromas. There is a grippy texture to the palate, which serves as a good foil for its tropical ripeness. A solid first effort.
A spritzy, frizzante style, off dry but with supporting acids, this offers juicy flavors of orange and tangerine, with a hint of rind. Note the low alcohol, which makes this a great choice for mimosas.
The first whiff of this Rioja is full of oaky char, shoe polish, raw leather and can't-miss wood resin. With airing the nose cedes chocolate and berry scents. This is plump, chewy and a touch resiny feeling on the palate, with baked berry, savory notes, grilled meat flavors and saltiness. A roasted, rubbery finish is apropos.
Although this is a soft wine without great definition, it conveys a pleasant, refreshing mix of melon and lime flavors. It's a young wine that is ready to drink.
Aromas of lemon zest, lemongrass and lime juice prepare the palate for flavors of freshly squeezed grapefruit juice, tart apple and white peach. The finish is brisk and pleasantly acidic.
A light wine, this reflects the structure of the vintage. It has attractive red fruits, bright acidity and an already-integrated tannic character. All fruit, it will develop fast, so drink from 2016.
Aromas of rubber and floor wax lack fruit and nuance. This has a high-acid, granular mouthfeel that lacks full cohesion. Waxy, salty flavors crowd out primary fruit flavors, while this finishes briny, high in acid and salty.
Fresh, primary blackberry and cherry flavors are streaked by a fresh herbal tinge in this especially food friendly Pinot Noir. Soft tannins and a rounded mouthfeel make it approachable now through 2020.
Vanilla and baking spices frame blueberry and plum fruit in this rich, velvety offering. It's slightly fuller and bolder than Colombo's 2014 La Louvée, but also less precise and perfumed. Drink now–2030.
This is nicely evolved, dark and generous, with rich aromas of berry, baking spice, dust, cocoa, cinnamon. It's drinking beautifully right now, and 2002 is still the current release. It's not a big wine, but nicely ripened, rounded and showing pleasing, sweet fruit and baking spice.
Hints of spice and smoke add intrigue to sunny peach and pear aromas on this semi-sweet Riesling. The palate is invitingly fruity and floral, with lush stonefruit flavors accented with vibrant acidity and a flurry of dried herbs on the finish. It's a creamy, textured wine that's accessible yet multidimensional as well.
This fruity, light and fresh wine offers easy tannins and red berry fruits. It's rounded and juicy, smoothed by wood aging that gives it a ripe aftertaste. Drink now.
Soft, ripe, with hints of white pear and peaches, the green of the fruit wrapped in creaminess. The wine is delicate, but is ready to drink now, a great aperitif wine. Screwcap.
Dominated by wood spice and smoky flavors this wine, ready to drink now, seems to have lost sight of the fruit. It is dark and extracted with burnt coffee flavors at the end.
Like all of Reverie's 2007 reds, this one's super-tannic. In fact, it's one of the hardest, most astringent Napa Cabs on the market. Still, it has a rich core of blackberries and currants, with lots of smoky oak, and the spicy fruit lasts a long time on the finish. A good sign for cellaring. Try after 2013.
A good effort in a challenging vintage. This has a warm core of round, pretty cherry fruit, with a dash of bitters, sassafras and caramel. It persists through the middle into a Dr. Pepper finish, with details of herb and earth.
A mildly oxidative streak adds an extra dimension to the rich dried fruit notes that are heady with Medjool dates, raisins and figs, cut though with the sharpness of orange zest. Molasses and dark muscovado sugar appear in the background and virtually beg for slices of gingerbread and fruitcake.
The “architects” name refers to the four vineyards that constitute the blend: Laetitia, La Encantada, Firepeak and Bien Nacido. The wine's purity is proof that a great Pinot does not have to come from a single vineyard. It's bone dry and full-bodied in tannins, with complex flavors of black cherries, red currants, Dr. Pepper cola and exotic Asian spices. It was raised in one-year old oak, which gives smoky vanilla and caramel notes, in just the right proportion, to the fruit.
The volatiles are amped up here, providing distraction from the cherry and spice aromas. It's a shame as the palate delivers plenty of plump lightly sweet cherry flavors.
Already well balanced between botrytis and fresh fruits, this structured wine could develop quickly. The acidity, pineapple and apricot flavors are up front along with a dry structure with great potential. Drink from 2019.
Here's a powerfully fruit-driven Barbera d'Alba that gives the impression of high alcohol, ripe fruit and oak use. The wine is lush and smooth in the mouth and thanks to the naturally high acidity, it keeps the palate very clean.
Ten months of oak aging help shape a wood-driven wine with tones of spice, coffee and vanilla lavished over cherry and forest floor. The wine delivers warm, thick tannins and firm structure.
This is both fruity and mineral driven, a combination that gives intense structure surrounded by ripe black fruit. Chocolate and spice notes come from the wood aging. All of the elements come together in a powerful, full-bodied effort that should age for three years.
Light and already fruity, this wine features attractive black-currant flavors, bright acidity and soft tannins. Ready to drink.
Initially this is round, ripe and floral, with a touch of honey, but then the acidity comes through with a touch of minerality. Screwcap.
Ripe, heady aromas of toasty, creamy oak along with prune, raisin and cedar might be too much for those who are oak averse. Like the nose, the palate is woody and creamy, but also thick and somewhat flabby. Flavors of coconut, mocha, baking spices and blackberry finish woody and with chewy tannins.
Attractive notes of dried red berry and bramble mingle with hints of savory herb and soft peppery spice on the bouquet of this blend. Skin-driven fruit flavors dominate the palate, followed by a clean finish. A blend of 60% Merlot and 40% Cabernet Sauvignon; Mevushal.
The chilly vintage has yielded lean flavors of grapefruits and limes, but sur lie aging lends notes of cream, while oak brings a subtle touch of buttered toast. The result is elegant and complex.
This smells like rosé Cava should: orange and a puff of smoke make up the nose. Pulpy and citrusy on the palate, this delivers midlevel grapefruit and orange flavors before falling off some on the finish.
Evocatively tender notes of Conference pear appear on the nose. The palate is ample with juicy pear and has a generous dollop of residual sweetness. Nonetheless, this is balanced by vigorous lively freshness, leaving a harmonious, rounded, light-footed and elegant wine with a moreish finish.
Structured and at the same time fruity, this is a wine with good potential. Its tannins and its acidity are balanced to give a warm wine that will be fine to drink from 2019.
Subtle power and a structure built for aging lift this wine above the crowd. It has deep and concentrated black cherry and cassis flavors, an abundance of fine-grained tannins, velvety texture, and a tasty, lingering finish. Best after 2019.
Kynsi's Syrahs are small production but worth seeking out. This is a big, opulent wine, filled with cassis, chocolate, spiced plum and coffee flavors, and while it's basically dry, it has that fructosy, glyceriney finish that very ripe wines can have.
Over the top in oak, a clumsy attempt to lure in consumers with vanilla and caramel flavors that have little to do with Chardonnay. It's already turning old and tired.
A blend of Syrah, Grenache and Cabernet Sauvignon, this unwooded red features warm, spicy aromas and flavors of dark fruit, cinnamon, clove and hints of black pepper. Dry and savory on the finish.
This is an easygoing wine that's neither too oaky nor too crisp, with a decent blend of ripe pear and baking spice flavors paired with soft, smooth texture.
Invigorating acidity and crisp citrus and apple flavors shine in this sparkling Riesling. The mousse is elegant and smooth, brightened by tiny, persistent bubbles that seem to disseminate pops of caramel and honey sweetness.
The Clos du Bourg vineyard has produced a concentrated wine, definitely dry, but with richness rounding it out magnificently. The texture is tight, flavors of ripe apples and cream surrounded by dense, complex mineral, almond and spice. Age for at least 7–10 years.
This wine comes from top sites Canoe Ridge Estate, Champoux, Seven Hills and Wallula. An intriguing blend of 43% Merlot, 21% Cabernet Sauvignon, 19% Petit Verdot and 17% Malbec, it offers high-toned aromas, with notes of toasty spice and herb in front of raspberry and cherry. Supple and well balanced, the fruit flavors show poise and length.
Soft wine, the acidity subservient to the rich red fruits and almost sweet vanilla. There is a firm touch of spice giving a fine twist to this ripe wine.
A modern, superfresh white, as befits the Australian background of winemaker Peter Bright. It has lemon and pear fruit, attractive acidity and a zingy orange zest texture. Drink now.
This unusual Alsatian grape is a featured white wine at Adelsheim, and Björnson does a fine job as well. One-fifth was fermented in wood, the rest in stainless. It's fleshy and round, with a core of slightly candied tropical fruit. Smooth and engaging, it lingers in a graceful finish laced with streaks of caramel.
Because he blends shortly after fermentation, Matt Loso's wines attain a seamless complexity early on; it's a hallmark of the winery. This beautifully crafted Claret has no rough edges; in fact, no edges at all. It is a supple, elegant wine, loaded with fruit flavors that run from berry to cherry to plum, while the oak gently adds spice and toast.
This is ripe to the point of richness, showing broad, mouthfilling flavors of melon and fig and just the merest hint of mint. Drink now.
Apparently the Oregon Trail leads down to Santa Rosa, where this wine was cellared and bottled. Long-distance travel aside, it's a good wine for gulping, matching red currant fruit to a generous wash of black tea and tobacco. Flavors pull up a bit short, but by then the next swallow is already on the way.
This is bursting with brown baking spice highlights, in aroma and flavor. Moderately plump fig and cherry fruit flavors thin out in the finish, but don't quit. An hour of decanting is a big help.
From Long Shadows, a rare, barrel-fermented Riesling. Sappy, tart, juicy and stylish, this is loaded with pear, grapefruit and Meyer lemon. The acidity is generous but softened up a bit by the extra oxygen from the fuder.
This wine shows some polish and complexity, although it's not ageable. Dry and slightly oaky, it has rich flavors of raspberry jam and brown sugar, with crisp, mouthwatering acidity.
A blend of 80% Shiraz and 20% Cabernet, this rich, almost Port-like wine also shows a slight herbal note—enough to give it some lift and complexity. It's inky black in color, imbued with layers of dark fruit so deep they threaten to suck you in before being lightened ever so slightly by hints of vanilla and spice. Long and lush on the finish. Drink now–2015.
This is right up there with previous vintages of Krutz's Malbec, which have been among the best in California. It's certainly not a shy wine, showing Malbec's power to dazzle with its sheer volume. Offering endless waves of blackberry and black pepper, with thick tannins and vibrant acidity, this is the perfect wine to drink now with charbroiled beef.
This bruiser is purple in color, while the nose is deep but sort of medicinal. Time in the glass helps it along, but still it's bulky, bullish and untamed, with slightly syrupy plum and boysenberry flavors. Colorful and bold, but not that refined or structured.
This cherry-fruited wine is spicy, but a strong acid streak gives a raw aftertaste that should have softened by now. It is ready to drink.
The '04 is close to the '03 in quality, but falls off in structure, no doubt due to the hot vintage. It's a little too soft to balance the cola and cherry-pie filling flavors. Still, it's elegant.
Smith & Hook has tried hard to perfect their Cab, transferring fruit sourcing from Monterey to Paso Robles. As a result, the wines are riper, as evidenced by this fruity young Cab. The cherry and blackberry flavors are balanced by firm tannins and crisp acids, making it a versatile wine at the table.
There's a rich, velvety texture here, and it's fully dry, but the fruit has a baked quality, and the burnt char of oak adds to that smoky astringency. Finishes salty. Might simply be going through a clumsy stage.
This is the first vintage at this Fleurie property by new owner Alexandra de Vazeilles. It is rich, full of red fruits with considerable acidity. Hints of the 12 months wood aging show in the spice and smoothness at the end. The wine is ready to drink.
A commonplace yet good Tempranillo, with red-fruit aromas and some leather. Cherry and strawberry grace the racy palate, which is carried by hard tannins and raw acids. Tastes good but the mouthfeel is rough. A true country wine in every sense of the word.
This almost white rosé is produced from selected parcels of the estate. Citrus and pepper dominate, supported by ripe red fruits and delicate acidity. It is a beautiful wine, elegant and with a fine balance between the fruit and the crisp texture. Drink now.
Occasio, which has made a nice Fume Blanc for a couple of vintages now, is giving the world this, its first Chardonnay, a true to its French-oak-fermented style that's quite citrus-laden, tart, lean and mean and yet voluptuous, with its barrel age showing, and toasty on the finish.
Ben Ryé is always a fabulous dessert wine from Pantelleria (an island off the coast of Sicily) and this expression shows beautiful liveliness and personality. You'll get aromas of stone fruit, apricot, honey, almond paste and even a spicy touch of fresh ginger. It feels smooth, rich and totally decadent.
This neutral-tasting wine has little flavor. It is soft and fat.
Ripe, soft and full bodied, this wine has fresh citrus and gooseberry flavors along with zesty lemon and a bright aftertaste. It needs a few more months to fill out, so drink from 2017.
A blend of top vineyards Ciel du Cheval (28%), Upchurch (26%), Grand Ciel (25%) and Klipsun, this 100% varietal wine is aromatically reserved with notes of café au lait, black currant, dusty chocolate and fresh herbs. Fruit flavors are concentrated and rich with firm tannins that will benefit from additional time in the bottle. Best after 2017.
A fresh, lightly perfumed wine with a smooth, full character. It has flavors of pears, spiced apricots and sweet orange zest, finished with some almost sweet acidity.
Hints of caramelized sugar and saffron lend a spicy touch to fresh apple and lemon in this off-dry Riesling. Spine tingling acidity freshens the midpalate, leading a vibrantly refreshing lemon-lime finish.
A little soft and candied in its oaky pineapple, applesauce and buttered-popcorn flavors, but easy to drink. Chardonnay admirers will recognize a distinctively Californian interpretation of the variety.
Syrupy and sweet, with blackberry and chocolate flavors.
Evoking green grape, peach, honeysuckle and ripe melon, this Muscat's aromatic profile is as enticing as ever, all wrapped in a slender, absolutely dry and light-footed package. Full of rich flavor without the attendant weight, it embodies the scent and joy of summer and finishes on a refreshing note of zesty lemon.
This opens with subdued aromas of dark berry, scorched earth, grilled porcini and a whiff of leather. The palate offers sour cherry, sage and a hint of cured meat alongside raspy tannins that give it a grainy finish.
A tight wine, the tannins almost too much for the fresh but lightweight fruits. The wood element is poised to soften the edges of the acidity and black currant fruits, but it needs another six months. The aftertaste is dominated by soft Merlot.
Spiced with cinnamon, this is an exotic wine. The fruit takes second place to the structure, toastiness and weight of this wine. It could age well, but will always be an unusual wine, with its own, ?unique attractiveness.
The earthy, mushroomy bouquet on this Cava suggests a savory sauce. The palate is foamy and coarse, with flavors of barbecue sauce and citrus fruits.
Strong wood aging and toasty flavors dominate this wine. They give a hard extracted edge which takes away from the black-currant fruitiness. While this will soften, the fruit in this vintage should have been allowed more expression. Drink the wine from 2020.
Clean and basic up front, with peach and white flower aromas. It feels juicy, with just enough body, bearing fruit salad flavors of nutmeg-dusted white grapes, apple and peach. It turns dry and almondy on the finish.
Generic red fruit flavors are set in a light wine with a slightly chalky finish. In the nose there are hints of volatility and leather, but it's perfectly quaffable.
A tarry, soft, straight-shooting red wine with a subtle herbal component, touch of anise and long finish. There is excitement building in the Sierra Foothills about the potential for Cab Franc and this is a fine place to start exploring. Pair with a meat—chicken, lamb or pork—richly adorned in herbs to bring out the wine's herbal notes more fully.
This 100% varietal wine comes from older plantings at this vineyard. Aromas of plum, barrel spice and herb are up front followed by sweet black-fruit flavors. It shows hang time on the finish.
This is an easy, informal Chardonnay that offers measured intensity and aromas of peach, melon and citrus followed by a waxy, almost sweet sensation in the mouth. Drink it on a hot summer afternoon.
Heady aromas like wood smoke, black pepper and new rubber tire lead to equally peppery, smoky flavors and a firm, nicely tannic texture. The wine is medium to full bodied and well concentrated.
This is a Blanc de Noirs, white sparkling wine made from red grapes, in this case Pinot Noir. That gives both richness and a tense acidity to a ripe, fully fruity wine. Spiced pear flavors partner with vanilla and youthful acidity. It could bottle-age to mid-2015 to bring out its best.
Tufaie gets its name from the chalky tufa stone deposits that characterize its vineyard soils. That quality adds a pristine, dry quality to the wine that works very nicely with its sweet melon, sage and stone fruit aromas.
From a small dry-farmed vineyard comes this rich and layered wine that shows black olives, ripe cranberries, buttered cherries and red rose petals on the complicated nose. Very savory fruits emerge once sipped, with smoked black plums, mission figs, red cherries and raspberries alongside balsamic vinegar, licorice candy and a Tootsie Roll chocolate element.
The opening of earth, berry and leather aromas is solid enough, yet the palate is quite acidic, yielding semitart but exact flavors of pie cherry and plum. The finish is tight, with light oak touches. But overall it's on the angular side, with a bit of the razor's edge in terms of acidity.
This simple, fruity wine, with its attractive apple and citrus flavors, is made predominantly from Loire Valley grapes. That lends a crisp, cool character, making it refreshing to drink now.
Soft and sweet in vanilla, buttered toast and honey flavors, this Chard also features plenty of pineapple and pear jam richness. Good price for the opulence.
If Gallo is trying to steer white Zin drinkers to reds, they're doing a good job. This is dark for a blush, and medium-bodied, with semisweet cherry flavors and a distinct finish of fresh thyme.
Soft, sweet and dull, with Life-Saver candy flavors of cherries. Okay in a pinch.
Charcoal, cola and licorice are all components of this wine's dark and meaty nose. And the palate hardly disappoints; there's depth and harmony to the berry, coffee and mocha flavors. It feels good and has just enough kick to keep you thinking. A really nice crianza that will settle and only grow more complex over the next few years.
Hay, mint and grass add a green touch to the nose, which also features nectarine. Citrus, but nothing really defined, dominates the flavor profile. More citrus and zippy acids run wild on the finish. It doesn't offer any one thing for you to hang your hat on.
A bit slow to start, this bright Prosecco slowly unveils aromas of white flower and fresh peach. In the mouth, it deliver bright freshness and spicy effervescence.
A straightforward, well-priced wine with hints of cola spice, dark cherry and strawberry vanilla that'll go down easy and pair with all kinds of lighter fare. Made from organic grapes.
This 100% Cabernet Sauvignon is so rich and decadent, with milk chocolate, blackberry and new French oak flavors. Made by celebrity winemaker Philippe Melka, it's soft and approacheable on the palate and widely appealing. Your best bet is to drink up now.
There's a milky blueberry quality that rides in front of black fruit, forest berry, moist earth and tobacco. You'll also get nice mineral shadings in the background with more blueberry and mature raspberry on the close.
If you don't mind a little overt wood on your Malbec, then this will certainly do the trick and more. The nose offers some maple and mature berry aromas, while the palate pumps oak-infused black cherry fruit. Lengthy on the finish, with mocha and vanilla. Like we said, it's a bit toasty and woody, but overall it works like a charm.
This delicious blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and Merlot has an inviting fragrance of cedar wood, black currant and a whiff of toasted oak. The palate delivers a solid core of black cherry, raspberry, white pepper and a tobacco note along with firm but refined tannins and just enough fresh acidity. Drink 2015–2020.
Despite this wine's intense richness and ample residual sugar, it is so well balanced that it does not come across as being particularly sweet. Hints of flint or crushed stone amplify the purity of the fresh apple and peach fruit and linger elegantly on the finish of this full-bodied auslese. Drink now–2025, possibly beyond.
Earthy underbrush, leather, scorched earth, dark spice and toasted hazelnut aromas lead the way. The firm palate shows dried cherry, licorice and tobacco flavors alongside assertive, fine-grained tannins. Drink 2019–2026.
This is an intensely rich wine, opulent although with a sense of texture and a drier core. It's a full bodied, generous wine, fruity and structured. As a contrast, a surprising streak of fresh acidity brings an apple character to the more tropical fruit flavors. The wine should age, so drink from 2017.
Dry focused aromas of spiced apple are fairly classy. This has a bready smooth mouthfeel with substantial malic cut. Full dynamic flavors of nectarine, apple and citrus turn slight bitter before a layered long palate.
Big and rich, this complex wine punches above its appellation. It has rich fruits and a strong textured character, along with spice, vanilla and apple skin flavors. The structure is present and needs to develop. Drink from 2015.
Fiery, leafy and loaded with aromas of carob and herbs. This is rambunctious Carmenère with powerful herbal raspberry flavors and a stout, thick body. For varietal character, this really showcases the essence of the Carmenère grape. It's thick, plump and smooth, but wholly herbal.
Delicate but alluring scents of spring flower and orchard fruit lift out of the glass. The palate is linear and rather lean but still refreshing, offering pear, yellow apple and mineral alongside bracing acidity. It closes crisp and clean.
One of the ripest, highest alcohol Mondavi Reserve Cabs in memory, this wine is forward in cassis and cherry flavors, and while the tannins are pretty sturdy, it's sweet and soft enough to drink now. It definitely has the rich mouthfeel you want in a pricey Napa Cab. But it's young; cellar this one until at least 2010.
Savory notes of pressed apple and golden toast accent this bristling, bright sparkling Chardonnay. On the palate, thick, dense mouth-filling foam carries flavors of zesty lemon and pear speckled with savory herbs.
A tidal wave of toasty char hits like a hammer and dominates the nose. Plump but also jammy and heavy, this tastes oaky, herbal and like candied raspberry, currant and burnt toast. Savory, toasty oak rides high on a finish with residual herbal flavors.
Weinrieder's hallmark purity of fruit is very evident with this wine's freshness and flavors of pears and green plums. It has good weight, great poise and a deliciously light aftertaste.
An immediately approachable tawny that has kept so much fruit while also bringing in the old wood aging flavors that give these wine so much fine character. It has bitter orange marmalade fruit and great acidity at the end. It is ready to drink.
Among Chilean Pinot Noirs, this is one of the best. The bouquet blends leather, berry, plum and spice aromas with fine results. Feels full, elegant and complete on the palate, with spicy, layered flavors of dry berry fruit and peppercorn. Smooth and unwavering on the finish. Drink now through 2014.
This rooty smelling wine delivers herb, cola and cassis aromas in front of a wiry feeling palate that's loaded to the brim with hard-biting tannins. Flavors of mossy, baked berry fruits come with an herbal streak, and the finish is hard due to those grating tannins. For a five-year-old wine to feel this hard is telling.
Simple and thin, with slightly sweet peach and lemon-ade flavors. Finishes with a clean scour of acidity.
Smoky tar and plum highlight this approachable wine that's straightforward in focus and intent. Meant for enjoying now, it stays firm and flavorful in the glass, finishing without a fuss.
Concentrated blackberry and black currant aromas are ripe and come with a balsamic note. It feels juicy, full, lively and fresh, with oaky dark-plum flavors accented by rooty, herbal notes. Dry tannins mark the finish.
The deep soil of the Grands Cras has given a wine that is rich, mature and spicy. It's dominated by bitter cherry fruits, fragrant acidity and a softly tannic structure. Drink now.
Rather dilute and basic, with a touch of buttercup to the sweet, mellow nose. In the mouth there's almond skin, melon and mild citrus flavors, while the finish is fresh enough despite being fleshy. Simple but fine; drink immediately.
Smooth, rich, wood-aged Chardonnay dominates this ripe, complex blend. Soft and rounded, it provides the yellow fruit flavors and toastiness. The Arinto in the blend supplies the freshness. Together, they make wine a for aging. Drink from 2016.
A delicate feline note accents the fresh herb, green gooseberry and lemon-rind aromas of this wine. The mouthfeel starts off round, but is quickly lifted by medium acidity to produce a brisk palate with flavors of lemon and tart green berries. The finish is lifted and somewhat sharp, but clean and refreshing.
Dusty apple aromas form the opening on this scratchy Brut Nature. Flavors of pickle brine and weedy citrus fruits end similarly. This isn't overtly faulty, but it's briny and funky.
Gold in color with nondescript aromas of wheat and apple. Turns to tart on the palate, with lemon and green-apple flavors. Adequate at best.
A heavily charred nose loaded with burnt oak dominates any fruity scents. In terms of flavors and feel, it's more of the same: roasted, burnt oak that's like licking a barrel or hickory branch. This is a one-dimensional oak bomb.
Stalky, somewhat rubbery aromas of plum and berry come in front of the grabby, tannic, staunch palate, with baked, leathery flavors of plum and berry. While this tastes stalky on the finish, the feel is good.
This is a ready-to-drink informal wine with fresh red fruit and spice aromas. It really comes alive in the mouth though with loads of tasty spice and a firm tannin edge.
This blend of Nero d'Avola, Merlot and Syrah opens with aromas of  black-skinned berry and baking spice while the straightforward palate offers black cherry and white pepper alongside chewy tannins. It's made to be consumed young so enjoy soon.
Spice marks this dry, delicate offering, with notes of white pepper, cinnamon and nutmeg. But it's also richly fruity in wild cherries and raspberries. In recent years, Drew has been producing remarkably complex and ageworthy Pinots, and this lovely wine, which is not a single-vineyard bottling, shows the winery's continued mastery. It's a particular success given the enormous challenges of the 2010 vintage. Drink now–2018.
A rich, smooth wine, with flavors of grapefruit and toast, and grassy, herbaceous aromas. Attractive and fresh on the finish.
This full-bodied wine is complex and detailed from the spicy perfume to the finish, and rich and satisfying in the middle. Aromas like black tea and rhubarb lead to ripe and deep cherry and slightly tangy raspberry flavors that are lifted by moderate tannins and linger on the finish.
The magnificent 17th-century Château de la Chaize and its cellars are national monuments. This wine has a warm structure that's packed with black cherry flavor and finished with acidity. It could age for another year or two.
This mass-market Sancerre offers nothing but tart citrus and acid. Lean on the palate but clean, with more than enough orange and lemon. A one-noter. Imported by Maisons Marques & Domaines USA.
This is a spicy, ripe wine that has fine acidity as well as layers of tannins and a dense texture. It is developing fast, bringing out delicious freshness and red fruits. The vineyards are being converted to organic—a multi-year process. Drink from 2018.
This offers a base of bright cherry flavor, followed by light tobacco and spice tones. Pair this with grilled lamb chops or roasted pork rolls.
This is a dark, spicy, tart take on Syrah, packed with plenty of berry-flavored fruit. The acids stick out and have not been well-integrated; otherwise it's a pleasant wine with hints of green pepper and spice.
Bright and fruity, this is a ripe, red-fruit-flavored wine. The youthful tannins will soften quickly to give a rounded wine, rich but with crisp acidity at the end. Drink now.
This expression of young Nebbiolo boasts a pretty floral and strawberry fragrance. The palate delivers bright strawberry and raspberry flavors and fresh acidity. It's simple, yet well made, with good balance and a silky texture.
This selection offers balance and integrated aromas of spice, dark fruit, leather, tobacco, cola and rum cake. The wine shows power and heft both in terms of alcohol and consistency. Smoothly polished, fine tannins appear on the close.
Briny, bready aromas of apple cider set up a smooth but slightly soft palate. Flavors of nectarine and green herbs finish short and briny, like an echo of the nose. Drink now.
Better known for Pinot Noir, Sojourn is coming on strong in Cabernet Sauvignon. This is a very fine wine. It's firm in tannins and bright in acidity, with an amazingly concentrated core of blackberries, black currants and minerals. Really impresses for the tension between sheer power and classy elegance. Should age, too. Drink now–2020.
The first sniffs show plenty of toasty oak, with brambly, tart red fruits and a bit of stem in the tannins. This is a nicely textural Pinot, with hints of barnyard and compost woven around the solid cherry fruit. It feels a bit unresolved, with plenty of interesting components that need more cellar time to knit themselves together.
Luisa Ponzi does such an excellent job with her top of the line Pinots that it is no surprise that this entry-level bottle really shines. Immaculate fruit, polished tannins, a vivacious, fruit-laden mouthfeel, all combine into a wine that has both suppleness and varietal power. It does not have the density of the pricier siblings, but it makes up for it with food-friendly acidity.
This Zinfandel is bone-dry and classically varietal, with briary, wild berry, black currant, mocha, raisin and peppery spice flavors. But consumers should understand that the alcohol is 16.7%. It's a great example of a superripe Sonoma Zin, but be careful to not drink too much.
Light and pretty pinkish-orange in color, this crisp wine offers candied grapefruit and strawberry, made from both whole-cluster pressed grapes and a bleed off from the producer's regular fermentation. It dances in acidity, remaining bright and fresh on the palate throughout.
This affordable Pinot Gris seems to have a little residual sugar; the flavors are rounded out with a hint of sweetness, much like a California Chardonnay. The spicy pear fruit is full-bodied and varietally correct. Not a complex wine, but fine for everyday enjoyment.
An earthy tasting wine, this has tannins and hints of soft, perfumed red fruits. Acidity gives the wine freshness although the dry, rustic character is off-putting.
Coming from a blend of top sites Red Willow and Forgotten Hills, this wine offers reserved aromas of berry, herb, smoked meat and pepper. The palate brings bright acid and intensity of flavor but with a sense of elegance that keeps you hanging on each sip.
There's a beautiful wine in this Cabernet blend, which was grown at the foot of Howell Mountain. But it's not showing its best now. Just too tannic, and the fruity flavors are all primary and unintegrated with the new oak barrels. With a wealth of raspberries, cherries and currants, it should begin to come into its own after 2013.
Dusty, smoky earth tones fade to reveal a rich, fruity palate of sweet white peaches and tangerine. Despite its light-footed nature, there's a lusciousness in mouthfeel, cut with spine-tingling acidity on the midpalate. Enjoy from 2018 to allow its honeyed mineral notes to develop.
This high-alcohol Zin is robust and full-bodied, with exuberant wild berry, leather, spice, carob and oak flavors that are totally dry. Plus, it has that hard-to-define quality of terroir.
Quite toasty and mealy, with delicate hints of peach on the nose. Rich and weighty on the palate, delivering loads of baked apple, spice and brown sugar. Yet for all this weight and power, it doesn't seem ponderous at all, finishing long and gracefully.
Philip the Bold was Duke of Burgundy in the 14th century and owner of this estate. This wine that comes from vines next to Saint-Aubin is cool and fresh, emphasizing red currants and acidity. It needs to broaden out, which will happen in the next two to three years. Drink from 2019.
Named for Edwards' first grandchild born in this vintage year, this wine is made from fruit sourced from Meredith Estate Vineyard. Velvety smooth and perfumed, it offers piquant pepper and cardamom scents, along with intense rhubarb compote and raspberry flavors. It shows both purpose and quiet power, wrapped in violet and rose.
My oh my, this Zin is ripe. It's fully dry, but tastes as sweet as a cherry pie, drizzled with cassis and dusted with cocoa. Too soft, though.
This ripe, warm wine is balanced between rich fruits and acidity. A lightly toasty edge accompanies ripe apricot and pear flavors. The acidity is just in balance, giving an attractive edge. Drink from 2018.
Here's a stunning sparkler that opens with delicately enticing scents of white spring blossom, ripe orchard fruit and a hint of Alpine herb. A blend of 70% Pinot Nero and 30% Chardonnay, the crisp bone-dry palate delivers mature apple, tart citrus, bread crust and mineral. Bright acidity lends freshness while a creamy perlage gives it tons of finesse.
A simple, pleasant red, blending equal portions of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot, with a splash of Cabernet Franc. The fruit is one dimensional, but clean and fresh, with buoyant acidity.
Rubbery cherry and berry aromas feed into a forward, chewy palate with raw, spicy flavors of plum offset by oaky vanilla and some bitterness. A fresh, angular finish is braced by snappy acidity.
This blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Syrah and Sangiovese offers earthy aromas of violet, plum, leather and meat juice. The palate delivers ripe blackberry, chocolate, orange zest, pepper and nutmeg flavors, all enveloped in smooth, round tannins.
Dry Creek Vineyard turns to the cooler Russian River Valley to source this deliciously crisp Chardonnay. It has spicy flavors of baked green apples, pineapple jam, butterscotch, vanilla and wonderfully exotic figs. Low alcohol gives it perfect balance.
This is a beautifully ripe, smooth wine. The wood aging adds a touch of vanilla to what is rich blend of Aragonez, Trincadeira and Touriga Nacional. Black berry fruits, rich tannins and just the right amount of acidity make a wine that will be ready to drink in the medium-term. Drink from 2016.
Vincenzo Toffoli's Extra Dry Prosecco delivers a playful touch of sweetness that would pair with salty foods or savory appetizers. The sparkling wine boasts a clear, compact style with a touch of crisp acidity on the close.
Very fresh although not particularly fruity aromas of raspberry mesh with allspice, thyme and tarragon on the nose of this block-designate bottling from the historic vineyard. Energetic and lighter red-fruit flavors like pomegranate show on the sip, where fennel is the dominant spice.
A blend of Nero d'Avola, Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with chocolate, ripe blackberry, leather and spice notes. The finish is loaded with chocolate and toasted espresso-bean flavors, revealing many soft layers on the palate.
This wine has a delicate nose of citrus and spicy nuts, with robust, round flavors of apple, citrus and spice. Balanced acid and fruit means the wine has complexity, but is still refreshing. Mouthwatering and food friendly, the Chardonnay has added class.
This is round and mouthfilling without being fat or blowsy, finishing fairly crisp and dry. Along the way, hints of apple and citrus alternate with almond skin and cinnamon, providing a delicate balance of fruity and savory.
Jumpy on the nose at first, but then green tea and grassy aromas take over. This PN is what it is: it tastes grassy, leafy and like green beans. Vegetal notes carry over to the finish.
This opens with aromas of oak and espresso. The palate is more interesting, with ripe blackberry and spice in the forefront followed by a warm palate accented with menthol and white pepper notes. It's powerfully structured with noticeable warmth.
This wine has the magic mix of vanilla, tobacco and cherry that many consumers (and critics) love. It's a seductive Cabernet from an excellent Walla Walla vineyard, with a little bit of Yakima Valley Merlot blended in. With more time it may flesh out and show better depth to the fruit, but it's quite enjoyable as is.
Nuarè is a bright and cheerful Pinot Noir with fruit sourced from northern Italy that shows pretty nuances of forest berry and blue flower. The mouthfeel is lean and compact but the low price is one of this wine's biggest selling points.
A fine entry-level Pinot Noir to introduce J. Christopher's expansive single vineyard offerings. This is balanced and true to variety, with clean Pinot cherry cola fruit flavor. There is just a delicate sense of underlying earth and leaf, adding some welcome complexity. Drink over the next 3–5 years.
Sweet smelling, like air freshener and powdered sugar. Dull and melony in the mouth, with a flat mouthfeel and not much pulse on the finish. Acceptable if you're not discerning.
This wine starts out quite reductive, while also showing aromas of black olive, herbs and chocolate. It's full bodied in feel with abundant dark fruit flavors that show persistence. There are good things here but the aromas and flavors seem disconnected.
Grapey and foxy, with green, minty aromas and a hollow center. The palate is bulky, heavy and tannic, while the flavors are strained and grapey. Sweet and incomplete; grapey but not in harmony.
The first  South African wine from this Sauvignon Blanc specialist. Has some grassy aromas that open up to show plenty of tropical fruit. In the mouth it's clean, with good balance, and shows both ripe flavors of mango, peach and pear as well as a hint of asparagus. Complex, with a citrusy finish. Imported by Wilson Daniels Ltd.
This block selection shows a delicate, elegant touch in this vintage, opening with pretty floral accents and continuing with light but compelling flavors of citrus and honeysuckle. There is a well-tuned bitter streak, presumably from some skin contact, and a refreshing minerality throughout.
This smoky wine shows an herbal character. Juicy fruitiness reveals fresh red-berry fruit along with some bitterness that needs a couple of years to soften.
Pretty tough and chewy for a Pinot Noir, with a full body and chunky tannins. Yet there's a pleasant silkiness, and some nice flavors of cherries, cola and woodspice.
Ripe and peppery, this exuberant Zin was made to wash down beef fajitas and tacos or a cheddar cheese-covered hamburger. It floods the mouth with blackberry, cherry and currant flavors, wrapped into thick, sturdy tannins.
Made from Zinfandel, Carignane, Petite Sirah and Mataro (Mourvèdre), this hearty wine currently is sweet and full in primary cherry, blackberry, plum and cedar flavors, with a touch of raisins in the finish. It should slowly develop over the next 4–6 years before heading inexorably downhill.
Tart cranberry, black tea and dark plum characterize this earthy, soft and supple wine, made from grapes grown in a block at the crest of a knoll. Firm tannins give it an edginess, an unexpected complement to its warmth and depth of cardamom spice and blackberry.
Soft sweet spice and black tea characters mingle with black cherry and plum flesh aromas and flavors. Medium weight and approachable, with dusty tannins and a clean, licorice-kissed finish. Drink now.
There are subtle tones of brimstone, pear, apricot and citrus on this wine. You can feel the alcohol here, although it is pretty well integrated within the wine's crisp, smooth mouthfeel.
This bright Barbera combines fresh and crisp fruit notes with spicy tones of old leather and dried tobacco leaf. The wine is sharp and thin in the mouth with loads of bright berry fruit on the close.
Full bodied and very round in character, this has rich pineapple and white fruits that are cut with grapefruit-like acidity. A touch of spice surfaces from having been wood aged. This could age for 2–3 years.
This wine overdelivers for its pale garnet color. There's loads of sweet cherry fruit along with mocha and caramel character, all set in a bed of soft tannins. A long finish trails off to an extended earth note. Try with leg of lamb. Fully mature, drink up in the next year or two.
Sharp and jammy, like blackberry and cherry jam wine. Lots of freshness and acidity, not much elegance. Drink up.
Earthy aromas need time to blow away once this is opened. After that, the wine gives lean fruit, a tight and mineral stalkiness and high acidity. Bitter extraction cuts through the wine.
A Bordeaux blend with a Right Bank inclination, this offers forward fruit aromas and flavors of bright, candied cherry. A puckery, peppery finish comes up quickly. Some 2007 Washington reds seem to be entering a dumb phase; this may need some extra bottle age to open up again.
This Cabernet Franc (70%) and Merlot blend brings aromas of green herbs, dark chocolate, flowers and a mixture of red and black fruit. It's soft in feel with polished fruit and barrel flavors that linger.
Light and luminous, this gorgeous Chardonnay offers a bouquet of soapy floral notes, aromatic fruit and drying mineral. The wine is spicy and tart in the mouth but what really sets it apart is its purity and elegance.
Aromas of cassis and black pepper follow through to the light-bodied but savory palate along with juicy black cherry, crushed raspberry and star anise. Supple tannins give it an easy-drinking texture. Enjoy soon.
Big, dark, tannic, dry and fruity, yet balanced in all its parts, this gentle giant actually shows elegance. It's packed with cherry, tobacco, mint and oak flavors that drink well now, and should hold and improve for many years.
Scratchy, minty aromas are the opening on this rough and rugged blend of Tempranillo and Cabernet Sauvignon. In the mouth, this is hard as nails, with extreme tannic bite. Flavors of blackberry and chocolate are ripe and satisfying, while resiny oak, baking spice notes and rough tannnins define the finish.
Meditazione bursts out of the glass with a musky, vanilla-spice character that permeates the nose and palate. Fermented in oak with extended skin contact, this is an amber-hued wine that has bold, tea-leaf-like tannins and a gorgeous acidic edge. It's a fascinating effort to be enjoyed over the course of a long, meditative evening.
Big, rich, dense wine, packed with dark tannins and blackberry fruits. The wine has concentration, layering wood aging with youthful acidity that shines through the structure. An impressive wine that needs aging for at least five years.
This has impressive flavors of cherry pie filling, red currants, cola and cocoa, plus notable oak influence and tart, mouthwatering acidity. The parts haven't come together and likely won't before the wine heads south, so drink now with lamb, salmon, tuna and other Pinot-friendly foods.
Earthy red-fruit aromas come with hints of olive, herbs and spice. The mouthfeel on this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Cab Franc and Carmenère is racy and layered. Flavors of herbal berry and spice finish long. Drink through 2018.
Earth, cherry, spice and leather aromas are subtle and do not overpower. The palate is kind of snappy and tangy, which may be due to 20% Graciano in the blend. Flavors of tomato, herbs and red berry are firm and perky, while the finish is dry and tight. Drink now through 2014.
The deft oaking of this wine has left only the imprint of toasted almonds layered across the top of this richly textured, citrusy wine. The end result isn't that dissimilar from lemon brioche, but an exceedingly fine and elegant version that finishes dry and clean. Drink now and over the next few years.
Ripeness was the issue in this cool vintage, and there's a touch of good old cat pee here. Not too much, but enough to make the wine unattractive despite the nice dryness.
A blend of Portuguese grapes with Cabernet Sauvignon, this is attractive and softly fruity. Its black fruit and gentle tannins make it completely ready to drink.
Soft and somewhat sweet, this rustic Petite Sirah has candied flavors of raspberries, mocha, bacon and black pepper. An easy sipper to enjoy now.
Once again the Jerome Reserve delivers the goods—a fine core of ripe cherry fruit, wrapped in pretty new oak. It's full-bodied, round and textural, while retaining a crisp, well-defined focus. Barrel aging adds complexity, with streaks of coffee, licorice and dark chocolate.
A pale salmon color, this is all Pinot Noir, picked early for the purpose of making rosé. Quite dry and elegant, it's a juicy, acidic wine, with pretty strawberry and watermelon flavors highlighted with zesty spice.
This bright Trebbiano from the beautiful Spoleto area of southern Umbria offers creamy peach and citrus aromas with a touch of dried hay at the end. The wine matures in stainless steel to lock in its fruity freshness.
Here's a dark and concentrated Brunello with thick aromas of spice, smoke and tobacco lavished over a solid core of black fruit. The nose is definitely on the oak-driven side but the mouth is bursting with fresh fruit notes. It makes for an excellent ensemble.
This Ripasso-method Valpolicella is aged for two years in cherry wood to add complexity and intensity to its aromatic bouquet. You'll recognize tones of cola, dark spice, mature fruit, cassis and bitter almond.
Fruity and seemingly sweet, this blend of Rhône-style varieties has orange jam, Asian pear and vanilla flavors. Good but simple, this should be versatile with picnic-type fare.
Made claret style, the fruit and alcohol are restrained, and the wine drinks dry and balanced. Dark cherry and wild berry flavors are mouth-filling and the tannins are complex but approachable. This is a fine example of its appellation and terroir.
Toasted hazelnuts, lime zest and broad peach notes show on the nose of this bottling. The palate is relatively flat and easy with yellow apples and a tang of lemongrass with a buttered finish.
A tiny hint of cinnamon or clove appears at first and opens the bouquet of this soft and creamy Prosecco Superiore. The mouthfeel is soft and plush and this sparkler shows nice personality and heft.
Delicate floral notes brighten the savory apple and herb flavors on this dry, minerally Riesling. Vibrant acidity carries the medium-long finish that's marked by a hint of white spice.
Simple and a little unbalanced, this Merlot has Lifesaver candy cherry flavors with a touch of vegetal greenness, while oak adds needed richness. It's very dry and soft.
Minimalist winemaker Norman Beko has been letting his vineyard do the work since the 1980s, and this is a classic result. Crushed pecan and smoked almond aromas lead the nose, with a stunning honeysuckle- and plumeria-like floral quality. The palate follows suit with satisfyingly rich flavors, but lemony acidity delivers a refreshing lift.
This blend showcases Grenache and Mourvèdre, with small amounts of Syrah, Counoise and Carignan. Raspberry, cherry and chocolate flavors combine with and are enlivened by a dash of white pepper. Excellent focus and length suggest that this can be cellared for at least five years.
This lightly perfumed wine is full bodied and packed with ripe quince and mango flavors. There is just a touch of pepper, which is balanced by the acidity and edgy texture. Give the wine a year to age further, or drink now. Screwcap.
This Syrah-Grenache blend is enormously rich, ripe and heady. It wears its 16% abv well, without ever feeling hot or awkward. Instead, fine acidity and firm tannins give the dark chocolate and blackberry jam flavors the balanced lusciousness of Port, without the sweetness.
Domaine de l'Arlot owns just over one acre of this grand cru vineyard in Vosne-Romanée. This 2005 shows intense, complex fruits and tannins, both finely intertwined. There is power, but the strawberry flavors are just as important, flattering the palate.
Candied berry and sweet oak are draped all over a ripe, rich nose. This is bright, fruity and cleanly made. Flavors of blueberry and cassis run sweet and oaky, while milk chocolate and residual berry fruit push the finish. The wine balances oakiness and sweetness.
Zaca Mesa interestingly has released this less expensive Rhône-style blend after their pricier varieties from 2007. It's not clear why, but the wine is nice and soft, with resolved tannins and plenty of berry, cocoa and spice fruit. Drink it now as a classy everyday version of their Syrahs.
A red-fruited wine, with an attractive edge of tannins. The wine has red-berry fruit flavors, a dry core and a fresh, smoky aftertaste. Ready to drink.
Bottled unfiltered, this is a richly ripe wine, layered with a more smoky, even mineral, texture from the volcanic soil of the vineyard. It is dense, the tannins giving hints of wood as well as a black plum skin character.
This wine's nectarine, mango and citrus aromas are mild. It has a solid mouthfeel that suggests proper balance. Apple, green banana and tropical fruit flavors finish short and low on acid.
A touch of plush spice and toasted espresso give this wine extra power and endurance in terms of its aromatic delivery. The mouthfeel is soft and plush, and fruit tones of red cherry and dried blackberry hold the wine tightly together on the palate. Fresh acidity caps the experience.
The nose of this bottling is extremely focused on black raspberry and grapeseed, and its snappy dark fruit is tempered with agebrush, lavender and mace aromas. Firm and upright tannins frame the palate, where dark cranberry and clove flavors combine for layers of energy and depth.
Full and robust, but also brambly and a touch green and minty on the nose. The palate is thick, creamy and rough, with herbal berry and dry oak flavors. Finishes herbal and chocolaty.
A whiff of crushed chalk lends some complexity to this crisp refreshing Riesling full of fresh apple, tangerine and lemon flavors. Off-dry on the palate, it's a juicy widely appealing wine for youthful consumption.
White pepper and thyme stand alongside ripe flavors of blackberries and toasty oak in this Cabernet. Brisk acidity testifies to its cool-climate origins. Will drink well over the next five years or so.
A tart, stemmy wine with sour red-fruit flavors borrowed from the cherry and plum families. Choppy and acidic, with a biting palate and not much good on offer. It's 50% Rufete and 50% Tempranillo.
A blend of equal parts Marzemino, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Refosco, this opens with jammy aromas of blackberry, Indian spice and sun-ripened cherry. There is a nice touch of freshness on the finish, with a subtle accent of bitter almond.
This gold-colored stale-smelling Torrontés smells like old apple juice. A chunky flat palate offers bland oxidized bitter flavors. Remnants of apple barely help a bitter finish.
This is a masculine and austere Amarone with deep tones of blackberry, prune, black chocolate, clove, cardamom and smoky touches of tar and resin. Drying mineral notes appear in the mouth and provide for a very pretty contrast against the wine's succulent, sweet fruit flavors.
Chilean Merlot in fine form. The nose is subtle and lightly spiced, with ample dark fruit aromas. The palate bursts with tight, snappy cherry and raspberry flavors, while the back end is smoky and drying, with perfect tannins. Golfers would liken this to a drive right down the middle.
Starts out murky, gassy and challenged, and while it does emerge from that cloud it remains little more than bargain-priced, borderline Tempranillo from an obscure central Spain region. The palate shows generic, herbal black fruit and the finish is acceptable.
The little vineyard, on the east side of the valley, is 101 years old, and was planted to a wide array of varieties, in the old Italian-American immigrant fashion. The wine is dry, complex and ageworthy. This '08 is deep in berry, spice, licorice and anise flavors, with a tang of minerals. It's fresh, vibrant and utterly distinctive. Will develop over the next decade.
This blend of 70% Malbec with 25% Cabernet Sauvignon and 5% Syrah is woody and smoky up front, with aromas of raw oak, char, shoe polish, blackberry and cassis. The longer it breathes, the better it gets, with black-fruit, baking spice and licorice flavors leading the way to a rich but short finish. Drink through 2019.
