This is a pretty and floral rosé, with attractive notes of strawberry, red cherry, sweet pea and white clover. The light-weight palate offers vibrant notes of red currant and lime peel that carry through to the bright and refreshing finish. Drink now.
Small percentages of four other Bordeaux grapes are added to this Cabernet Sauvignon-dominant blend. This is a fruity, forward wine, like a bowl of berries with accents of baking spice, toast and caramel. Tasty on first sip, but the finish is quick to fade.
A rare rosé style of VDN Rasteau, this nonvintage cuvée is pale copper in color, with aromas and flavors of peach and toasted almond. It's nicely silky in texture, with a mouthwatering finish.
Open, friendly aromas of black cherry, sugar beet, violets and talcum powder start this wine on a nice, simple, satisfying path. Tastes of blueberry, cherry and pretty much all the berry and tree fruits you can think of. Ripe and sweet on the finish. By the book. Imported by Stanza.
While the wine is really pale in color, it does have a great range of flavors, offering red fruit notes balanced by beautiful acidity and citrus streaks. It's gently textured, giving a good bite to the fruitiness at the end.
Terre da Vino is a massive presence in the Langhe, representing some 11,000 acres of vines and 2,500 growers. The winery produces excellent Barbera and classic expressions of Barbaresco like this wine. Aromas include red berries, wild flowers, tar, licorice and spice. The wine is polished, clean, persistent and focused.
This comes out of the blocks at full speed, delivering a huge hit of licorice, blackberry and plum on the nose, then follows that up with deep mouthfilling flavors. Yet it's surprisingly elegant and silky on the extended finish. Lovely; drink now–2015.
Good price for a nice, dry Cabernet with so much fruit. It's forward in ripe blackberry, blueberry and cherry jam flavors, with a rich coat of smoky oak.
Sweet and jammy in cherries, with hard, angular tannins and lots of acidity. The result is awkward, but pasta primavera will help.
Tempting buttery flavors and a lively texture combine well in this medium-bodied wine. It smells a bit like butterscotch, and this note continues in the flavors, where fresh lemon and Bosc pear notes also emerge. It's complex for an unoaked style.
The burnt character is too dominant in this wine, and it smothers any fruit there is. Just a touch dry as well.
This sparkling wine offers rich and sophisticated aromas of baked bread and mature peach backed by accents of citrus and white pepper. The wine is rich and smooth with piquant effervescence. Not currently imported into the U.S.
Light and fresh, with hints of peach, citrus, melon, spice and slate. The wine serves up a refreshing mix for spring and summertime sipping. Fruity on the finish. -J.M.
This crisp wine offers plenty of acidity as well as green fruits, pears and a totally refreshing aftertaste. It's a wine to drink as an apéritif as well as with food, with great energy.
Berry candy and licorice aromas become more subtle and earthy with air. It feels grabby and abrasive as many Toro's are prone to be, with blackberry and root notes and a sugar beet flavor. The slightly hot, candied finish holds onto that rooty character.
91-93 The aromas of powerful new wood follow through on this wine with dark tannins and a feeling of brooding power. Acidity gives the wine a lift to finish.
Knoll's simplest Riesling is super-fresh, floral, aromatic. The white berry fruits are dominant, supported by a tight line of acidity. It is, of course, very young, not yet ready to drink, its citric character dominant. It needs a year at least.
This is a terrific white wine from the Etna area of Sicily (representing a blend of Carricante and Catarratto) that delivers a rich, generous style with loads of density and intensity. Soft aromas of peach, apricot, dried hay and honey bring up the rear.
Here the fruit is pure blackberry, the tannins ripe and redolent of black tea, the wine smooth and rich. This pulls it all together; and puts it on a solid foundation of mineral and graphite.
A blend of Syrah and Mourvèdre, this is a lovely, polished and serious red wine. It impresses not just for the well-ripened cassis, cherry, cocoa and cedar flavors, but for the overall balance, and the smoothness of the texture.
This vineyard-designated Vino Nobile shows concentrated notes of prune, cassis, tobacco and leather. The mouthfeel is linear, and it has a dusty, almost gritty texture. The wine's density feels good on the palate.
This is big and juicy, with extra weight imparted by the wood aging. Its flavors of spice and red fruit are laced with acidity. Full bodied and forward, this is quite drinkable.
This is a big, brawny, plush, “international” Amarone that sees 4 years of oak and delivers thick layers of espresso coffee, chocolate fudge, wood toast and honey nut. It has a chewy-viscous mouthfeel, rounded off by caressing spice flavors and very good length on the finish.
This is a smooth-texture wine with a great future. It has acidity, ripe tannins, generous fruit and balance. As the wine develops, the rich red-berry fruit will show strongly. The wine is concentrated, with a solid base. Drink from 2025.
This comes from a popular vineyard in the Los Alamos Valley, and offers nose-tingling aromas of black pepper, tar and a slightly sour take on purple fruit. It's not as exciting as some of the winery's other wines, but still serves as a solid take on the grape, mixing ripe fruit, crushed herbs and brown spice.
Hailing from the hilltop Határi vineyard, this wine has a delightful aroma of freshly picked lemons and grapefruit leaf. In the mouth, it is creamy and full bodied with flavors of white peach, lemon curd and grapefruit.
Fully oaked, and you can tell via the aromas of coconut, resin, vanilla and latex that sit on top of tobacco and floral berry scents. Feels tight and high in acid, with herbal-leaning red berry flavors. Fresh and basic on the finish, with lasting acidity.
Here's a well-priced blend of Insolia and Chardonnay from Sicily that performs perfectly as a light appetizer or finger food wine. There are zesty aromas here of citrus and lime and a dusty mineral note picks up the rear. It's light, lean and easy in the mouth.
Under the ownership of Patrick Bernard (whose family also owns Domaine de Chevalier in the Graves), this estate produces good, solid wines. Maybe this 2002 lacks great depth, but it has pleasant spice and wood flavors to go along with the ripe fruit. Drink soon.
Rose, leather, mature berry and truffle aromas lift from the glass while the accessible palate offers dried red cherry, star anise, pipe tobacco and a hint of clove. Firm, fine-grained tannins provide support. Drink through 2020.
Beautifully crafted to reflect a bouquet of cassis and cedar aroma, this wine blends in 6% Merlot, 1% Cabernet Franc and 1% Petit Verdot. Girded by good bones a sturdy structure, it's bright, fresh and finessed. Drink now through 2020.
The nose of this wine leads with forward oak and vanilla aromas. The palate offers more personality and ripe, luscious fruit flavors, with additional notes of spice and toast. While it shows some complexity, it's fast approaching its optimum drinking window, so enjoy soon.
For PengWine this is a big step up in class. Royal is an ultrapremium blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Cab Franc, aged in new oak and showing all the signs of an elevated red wine. It's ripe and sweet, with caramel, carob and espresso sitting alongside roasted berry flavors. Balanced, generous and ready to go. Drink now through 2010. Imported by PengWine.
The U.S. pricing for this wine is a bit extravagant, but the wine delivers wonderful spicy and savory aromas, backed by loads of cherries, a creamy mouthfeel and hints of vanilla briars and spice. Firm on the finish; try again in 2008. Imported by American Estates Wines, Inc.
From a newer planting of the Durell Vineyard called the Ranch House Block, this Pinot is rocking in deep, delicious baked strawberry and raspberry fruit, fruity, lush and spicy yet balanced and tempting. The texture is satisfyingly velvety and complete.
This wine shows its warm, sunny Napa origins through its incredible concentration of fruit. Don't look for subtlety here. It's the power of blackberries, currants and chocolate that impresses, as well as the penetrating quality of the tannins. Will age beautifully over the next 12–15 years, but it's so good now, you might be tempted to pop the cork.
A dry wine with a soft texture that suggests a small amount of residual sugar. It is a fruity wine with apricot and ripe pear flavors and a smooth aftertaste that still leaves plenty of room for acidity. Drink now.
Aromas of red plum, tomato and herbs are savory and a bit saucy. This feels dense and pulpy, but balanced. Flavors of plum, raspberry, currant and earthy spices finish with a hint of oak, licorice and spiced berry notes. Best from 2018 through 2022.
This is a very big, deeply flavored and densely concentrated wine. It's so powerful, you might want to age it for a few years. As currently constructed it's a massive juggernaut of blackberries, blueberries, coffee and sweet, smoky oak, finished with exotic spices.
Half estate, half Pfeiffer Vineyard fruit, this is crisp and racy, with bright intense flavors of white peach and gooseberry. It's bracing, clean and thoroughly refreshing—great for a hot summer day.
The minerality is a reminder that the grapes come from an area near Chablis. It has a tangy, zingy character, with a nervy edge that promises aging, but it also provides fruity, apple-driven pleasure now.
Strong in fruit and acidity, this Pinot Noir swamps the palate with gigantic flavors of raspberries and cherries that taste like they were baked into a pie. That includes the pie crust, with it's spicy, vanilla smokiness. It's all a bit in your face, but it's flashy.
This robust red opens with scorched earth, new leather, underbrush and dark spice aromas. The palate is brawny and monolithic, offering licorice, dried cherry and clove flavors with the warmth of evident alcohol. It's framed by chewy tannins and should be drunk soon to capture the remaining fruit and freshness.
Raboso Frizzante (lightly sparkling) wine offers an intense ruby color and aromas of spice, ripe cherry and blackberry. This wine drinks like a red (including some mild tannins) with a touch of fizzy effervescence and a sweet, fruity finale. Try this wine with salami, cold cuts and cubed parmigiano cheese.
Spicy rhubarb, strawberry and red fruit aromas are followed by big, red fruit flavors in this demi-sec rosé. Some sweetness on the palate is balanced by a good acidity. Feminine but complex.
Tre Saggi, or three wise men, is a terrific wine at a realistic price. This luscious vintage shows bright fruit nuances of black cherry and currant backed by soft, oak-inspired aromas of spice, leather and tobacco.
Made from a field blend of old vines, this is a dense wine. Full of tannins and with a strongly mineral texture (you can almost taste the dirt), it is solid with rich fruit, acidity and hints of wood aging. This powerful wine needs to age another year, so drink from 2018.
The opening aromas feature a hint of white pepper, but the emphasis is on ripe blackberries. That ripe character carries over to the texture, which features lush, creamy fruit that retains a sense of freshness. Dusty tannins on the finish suggest some ageability; drink now–2010, or possibly even longer. Imported by R O Imports.
Lots to like in this dry, elegant wine, which is a Graves-style blend of Sauvignon Blanc and Sémillon. The flavors are quite complex, with nectarine, peach, pineapple and flowery buttercup accented with a nutty, cashew-rich oiliness. All that richness is perfectly balanced with crisp acidity.
Floral aromas like lilac and lavender, then dry and substantial flavors like blueberry and boysenberry give this full-bodied wine an interesting personality. It tastes well structured with acidity and tannins, so it's well balanced and has an appetizing sense of reserve that will be great at the table.
Aromas of blue flower, rich black fruit, cooking spices, leather and thyme waft out of the glass of this soulful young Taurasi. The palate offers a juicy core of black cherry accented by notes of black pepper, nutmeg, eucalyptus, pipe tobacco and mineral, with firm acidity and velvety tannins. It's already delicious, but hold for additional complexity. Drink 2019–2029.
Lots of smoky, toasted-oak aromas and tight, dark fruit flavors meet a firm and very tannic texture and dry mouthfeel in this full-bodied wine. Too intense to enjoy now, this will need until at least 2018 to turn more smooth and drinkable.
Everything that's fantastic about 21st-century Toro is encapsulated in this big, intense beauty. Tobacco, vanilla and blackberry aromas grace the forceful but stylish nose, while the palate pulses with toasty blackberry, dark plum, tobacco and chocolaty flavors. Smoky, pure and long on the finish. A hands-down winner to drink now through 2016.
Subtle hints of tart apples appear first, then there is the merest touch of quince, even a touch of lemon balm. The palate pans out aromatically, always in that apple and quince spectrum, and has a brightening crisp edge of freshness and absolute concentration and dryness. With more air, the aromatic lemon balm note adds its special perfume to this wine. This is invigorating and enlivening.
A bit rough in texture, but otherwise pretty flavorful, with vanilla, lime, strawberry and yeast flavors. It's a great sparkling wine for everyday.
Faint vanilla and lovely creaminess play around the richly contrasting flavors of sumptuous, bright blossom honey cut by zesty, tart lemon-peel notes. Here and there a notion of passion fruit appears, highlighting the linear, zesty and yet totally rich nature of this seductive wine. An intriguing play between two extremes.
This is a soft and fruity wine, ripe with red-berry fruits and perfumed acidity. A light touch of caramel and tannin give the right structure, and the aftertaste is bright and fruity.
Crisp apple and lemon mark this wine, from a legend of Alexander Valley and California Chardonnay. Oaky caramel and toast dominate on the midpalate, before a significant amount of fennel comes into play on the finish.
A lovely white Bordeaux-style blend of Sauvignon Blanc and Sauvignon Gris, rich, opulent and full-bodied. Shows citrus, tropical fruit, pear, white flower, green apple and oak-inspired vanilla flavors that change with every sip, as the wine warms in the glass.
93–95. Barrel sample. Complex, rounded and full bodied, this wine is still reticent at the moment, hiding its rich fruit. As it develops, this will be impressive, with it's mineral texture over apricot fruits and layers of spice and wood.
91-93 This feels very juicy, the fruit almost over-ripe. There is a generous new world feel to it, very opulent, super-rich. Open black plum and damson fruits push through the dark, perfumed tannins.
Rich and concentrated, this blend is mainly Merlot, with a little Cabernet Sauvignon and Malbec. The alcohol shows in the weight of the wine, but the freshness is still very present. Powerful, dark and still young, the wine will be best from 2017.
Mineral, steel and toast set this impressive, well-structured wine on to the road for aging. Behind this initially severe, very young exterior is the richest yellow and white fruit, exuding power, concentration and density. Give it 6–8 years and many more.
Very savory aromas of roasted lamb, bacon fat, teriyaki and crushed pepper meet with light blueberry and a touch of mint on the nose of this delicious, well-rounded bottling by winemaker Sashi Moorman from the vineyard's oldest blocks. The palate kicks off with a zesty acidity, then come waves of black pepper-crusted beef roast, oregano, bay leaf, dark plum fruit and lavender. The solid structure ensures cellar potential but it's ready to drink today.
Wines like this are why Americans can't get enough Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc. Passion fruit and nectarine are joined by spicy hints of jalapeño, creating a fine balance of round, tropical fruit with peppery piquancy that leaves the mouth watering.
Costa Grimaldi tastes fruity and tart and offers mature notes of raspberry and strawberry over subtle shadings of spice, licorice and root beer. It's definitely a riper expression of Barolo and therefore not as layered or complex as other wines from this vintage. That said, it's a fine wine with super-firm tannins and bright cherry flavors.
Mourvèdre (47%) and Grenache (37%) are in the lead on this wine with the balance Syrah, Counoise and Picpoul. The aromas of red and black fruit, brown stems, green olive, coffee and spice are initially faint while the tart red-fruit flavors bring a sense of delicacy and restraint.
Spiced raspberry with overtones of bramble patch and barnyard aromas. The light-bodied palate is a bit darker in nature, with dark cherry and vanilla rooibos flavors.
This is a soft, balanced blend of Aragon and Touriga Nacional. It has a a bright, fruity character that is both fresh and warm. It's a delicious wine to drink with food.
Honey, orange blossom and a little mustard make up the nose of this classic Loire Valley SB. Tangerine and bitter greens play a duet on the palate, and the finish is more or less a reduced version of those primary flavors. The overall impression is one of a simple, tight, easy-to-drink wine.
A powerful and weighty wine, even from the lighter 2002 vintage. Château Margaux's white is made with the same attention to detail as the reds, balancing fresh acidity, richness, layers of wood and great sophistication. It will age over 5–10 years.
This is very dense, with concentrated, dusty tannins and powerful blackberry flavors. It is rich and full of blackberry fruits along with acidity and a beautiful perfumed aftertaste. Drink from 2027.
Can't-miss aromas of juniper, olive and tree bark dominate lesser notes of lemon peel and blackberry. This feels taut and rubbery, with tomatoey acidity. Woodsy, herbal, gritty flavors of currant and cranberry finish tart and with a note of minty green.
Campogiovanni is a rich, inky expression of Sangiovese Grosso with beautiful personality and length. The mouthfeel is still young and raw but the aromas already show deep evolution and harmony. You'll recognize tones of red cherry, root beer, mesquite and Indian spice.
Stewed aromas of raisin, prune and a hint of Asian spice lead the nose. The dense, one-dimensional palate offers baked dark berry, toasted hazelnut and a hint of dark spice while astringent, somewhat unripe tannins clench the finish.
This wine is a blend of equal parts Art Den Hoed, Lawrence, Red Heaven and Stoney Vine vineyard fruit, with the latter stealing the show. The aromas pop, with notes of grilled asparagus, black and green olive, ember, wet rock and moist earth. The palate is chock-full of earth, smoked meat and other savory flavors that bring a textured feel and linger on the finish.
A reasonably good buy in vintage Port, Silval is something of a second label for Quinta do Noval. It's less concentrated and suppler in the mouth than its sister wine, but still boasts compelling floral aromas allied to prune, berry and chocolate flavors. Worth trying a bottle before 2010.
Light tomato and earth scents accent berry fruit aromas. The palate has a snappy, healthy feel, while flavors of tomato sauce, stewed plum and herbs finish with rooty spice notes.
Inky blueberry and boysenberry aromas shift to beet juice. The palate is hard, cheeky and tannic, with limited black fruit flavors, controlled sourness and herbal elements. Finishes chunky and not terribly flavorful, with tomato.
Refreshing in acids and citrus zest, this wine finishes semi-sweet with flavors of spearmint, fig and melon. It's a nice cocktail wine, or try one to with a honey-baked ham.
Very young wine, dominated by its textured spiciness and ripe tropical fruits. It is rich, full of pepper, cinnamon, and a dry core that makes it as much rich as sweet.
Robust in oak, this full-bodied expression of the variety is reduced on the palate, showing sizable tannin weight and length. Plum, dark cherry and dried herb combine to offer swirls of flavor.
Quite the classic, with rich toffee and nut-like aromas that come through with piercing power. The briny palate is all about dried citrus and nuts, while the earthy, long finish has an unmistakable and very nice mushroom quality. This is a precise, somewhat reserved and dainty amontillado, but it's structured and quite real as far as style and impact.
This Ponzi-owned vineyard is in the Chehalem Mountains AVA (but not listed as such). It's bright and tense, with coiled energy and flavors that do need some hours to breathe open. Poached pear, lemon curd and caramel apple are in the mix. At first a little hot in the finish, it smoothes out and turns into a buttery gem.
A lighter-style Chardonnay with lemony zest and the minerality of a Sauvignon Blanc that's perfectly quaffable and a very fair price.
Delicious peach and pear flavors light up this full-bodied, soft and well-rounded wine. It has fresh floral aromas and nicely ripe fruit notes on the palate, with a smooth, graceful texture and beautiful, lingering finish.
This soft, finely structured and salmon-hued wine has an explosive mousse. Its attractive strawberry fruit is balanced by rich acidity. Ripe, mouth-filling and softly creamy, it's ready to drink now and has a rounded aftertaste.
Dense in its core with aromas of black fruit, rose buds, chipped slate and a touch of anise, this also has a cran-raspberry freshness that emerges on the nose with time. The palate is redolent with dried thyme, oregano, marjoram and fennel that meet with cooked cranberry fruit and turned-earth flavors.
A tarry, soft, straight-shooting red wine with a subtle herbal component, touch of anise and long finish. There is excitement building in the Sierra Foothills about the potential for Cab Franc and this is a fine place to start exploring. Pair with a meat—chicken, lamb or pork—richly adorned in herbs to bring out the wine's herbal notes more fully.
Just gorgeous now, and should age for a while. Shows the clarity and articulation of most Pinot Noirs from this vineyard, with massive flavors of cherries, raspberries, oranges, vanilla and cinnamon spice. Yet rich acidity and finely ground tannins provide the structure for balance. Drink now through 2012.
The wine is smooth and creamy, its acidity just pointing up the ripe apple and pineapple fruit flavors. It does have a crisp citrus edge that just freshens the aftertaste. This is a wood-aged wine, the toast giving a light spice and nutmeg character. Drink this attractive wine now.
This wine is smoky and spicy in aroma, moderately sweet on the palate and nicely filled out with honey and peach flavors. A very good apéritif wine, it should pair well with spicy food.
A wood-aged white, spicy and ripe. It has just the right balance of acidity to go with the ripe green plum and melon fruits. With a great bite of acidity to finish, this is a wine that will age for 3–4 years.
Initially, the red fruits dominate, exploding in the mouth. Then the tannins take over, giving a wine that is hugely structured and powerful. The fruits, though, are as impressive as the tannins, the combination giving a wine that is both juicy and smoky, finished with new wood.
Named for an Oklahoma rock band, this stand-alone Malbec sees no oak. It's a showcase for dense, pure, sweet, yet tart raspberry and boysenberry flavors, with sharp acidity and a strong mineral streak.
Powerfully structured and concentrated, this is a rich, tarry and tannic wine. The dense texture doesn't lose sight of the jammy black currant and berry fruits that are just underneath. For the moment, even after four years, the wine is very young, firm and dry. Drink from 2018.
Aged in wood before bottling, this is ripe and very full. Rather than add to the already-complex flavors, the wood has rounded it out. Yellow fruit integrates with intense, mineral-driven acidity, which accentuates the richness of this impressive bottling. Disgorged June 2012.
Crisp and steely, this is a bright and fruity wine. It has a tight texture cut with acidity and citrus flavors. The wine is lively, packed with fruitiness that has a delicious refreshing aftertaste. Drink from late 2017.
Quady's Right Bank blend is three-quarters Cabernet Franc and one-quarter Merlot. Smoky and showing a lightly funky scent when opened, it develops into a leathery and tannic red wine, checkered with red and black fruits, hints of tobacco and a vein of graphite.
A bit shy, with notes of tight black fruit and herb. The medium-weight mouth offers a decent structure with firm tannins and a solid close. Give it a good decant before drinking now.
Barolo Rocche awards extraordinary complexity and personality thanks to its unique aromas of vanilla, clove, licorice and elegant waxy notes that recall a precious antiques museum. It offers depth and austere intensity with a sharp but well-defined mouthfeel that rests on a solid base of acidity and tannins. Drink 2015 to 2025.
An attractively balanced wine, its fresh fruits dovetailing with acidity, a ripe texture and a light touch of wood. Finally both rich and fresh.
Aromas of pear, lees and tropical fruit lead to a rich flavorful palate, absolutely loaded with tropical-fruit flavors that show a delightful sense of balance. The oak usage (25% new French) is judicious, allowing the fruit to shine.
Caleb Foster keeps adding more and more Muscadelle to this blend, always with a keen sense of balance and proportion. This remains tight and tart, with a tangy mix of lemon, grapefruit and pineapple flavors. It's a precise, high-acid, highwire act from a cool vintage.
91-93. Barrel sample. With great swathes of spice, this is a wine with fruit that's still emerging. It has weight and delicious intensity. With its layered structure of acidity and tannin, this is for long-term aging.
Hints of caramelized sugar lend warmth to this fresh fruity wine full of nectarine and grapefruit flavors. It's rich in body with a luscious, mouthfilling cling off set by sunny tangerine acidity. Enjoy now through 2018.
Like other Philip Shaw wines, this one has an ethereal quality to it that could be understood as elegant by one person and just too delicate by another. Very light vanilla and butterscotch aromas start things off, bringing soft melon and pear on board in the mouth. Soft around the edges with fine acidity; finishes with a sour citric note. Imported by Cumulus Wines Inc.
There aren't a lot of wines coming off this appellation, and most of them are red. But this is a wonderful Chard. Ripe and detailed, it combines tropical fruit, mineral and oak flavors, and is dry and tart in acids. This is one of the few California Chardonnays I would age for up to ten years.
A fresh, light blend of Alvarinho and Trajadura, this dry wine from the Monção cooperative shows touches of honey, some fresh grapefruit and pear skin flavors. Not available in the U.S.
Made in the Mazzocco style of high alcohol and superripeness, this Zinfandel, which contains a splash of Petite Sirah, tastes like Port. The flavors of raisins and currants dominate, and it bears glycerine sweetness and jalapeño-like heat.
Juicy in red and blue fruit, this wine is soft in texture and mannered tannins with a burst of leather on the finish. From estate-grown grapes, it'll go well with a rib roast or more casual burgers.
Just beautiful, this is the best Sterling Reserve Cabernet in years, and a huge improvement over the 2008. It shows ripe, lush flavors of blackberry and black cherry pie, anise, cola and smoky sandalwood, wrapped into sweetly gentle, complex tannins. Drink this beauty over the next six years.
Exhibits touches of grilled meat, burnt grass and red fruits on the nose. Next in line is a snappy palate of crisp cherry and red plum. Not hard and sour, but it is austere. Good in its own way.
Fruity aromas of black-skinned fruit and a whiff of damp earth lead the nose on this simple red while the easygoing palate doles out juicy plum, fleshy blackberry and a hint of brown pepper. It's easy drinking, with soft supple tannins. Drink now.
This wine is ripe in spicy black-currant aromas on the nose and intense in juicy black fruit on the dense palate. The rich, generous layers of fruit perfectly balance the tannins that build up to a harmonious whole. Still young, it will be best from 2019.
The scent of very ripe, crunchy Bing cherries is heady at first. On the palate, red cherry fruit dominates the soft, pliant and lighter body, fringed by pleasant earthiness. This is Pinot Noir in a very Central European idiom: Not weighed down with heavy oak but confident enough to let fruit and place speak for itself. This is elegant and soft, light-bodied yet ripe. If you listen to this, it will slowly reveal its undoubted beauty.
This lightly oaked wine is full of fruit, ripe with red berries and crisp with acidity, just hinting at Douro minerality. That makes for a balanced fruity wine that with its soft tannins is ready to drink.
Made from 100% Cabernet Sauvignon, this wine was grown in the Vaca Mountains above the Silverado Trail, within the Rutherford AVA. It's very dry and very tannic, making it undrinkable now. Yet it has a potent core of blackberries and black cherries, and is classically structured. Seems to have everything it needs for the cellar. 2012–2018.
This approachable Pinotage starts with spicebox and smoke aromas and leads into bright cherry and plum flavors spun with spice on the palate. Tannins are smooth and the finish lingering. A good go-to Pinotage.
Has a pineapple-pear fruity aroma that, with air, takes on a toasted-nut note. The same pleasant notes hang on through the palate and finish. Enjoyable in its understatement, with a smooth, stony-minerally feel. Imported by Negociants USA, Inc.
Scouring and sweet, this wine features flavors of vanilla, yeast and ripe lemon meringue. It is easy to drink with almost anything, at price fit for everyday enjoyment.
Noticeably sharp and a touch green on the nose, with earthy, richer accents such as leather and chocolate making an appearance. The mouth is tangy and lean, with strawberry and raspberry flavors. Very un-Toro in its skinny, tight approach.
Cassis, blackberry and coffee aromas are 100% typical of Napa Cabernet. It's a clean, well-cut smoothy that may not top the charts in complexity, but for a straight-ahead Cab, it's got it all. Drink soon; the chewy palate says, “I'm ready.”
This is smooth, rich and elegant, with black fruits and acids that are contained within a firm, understated structure. It has power, but it's contained  in a velvet glove.
With its blend that includes perfumed Mourvèdre, this is a solidly tannic while also aromatic wine. It tastes of the garrigue and wild plants that surround the vineyards, giving both tannin and rich dark plum fruit flavors. It needs to age, so drink from 2016.
This soft, gentle wine has some attractive citrus and apple fruits. Easy to drink, it offers a crisp tangy aftertaste. It is not a wine for aging, so drink now.
There is a fine mineral-driven backbone to this ripe, concentrated and fruity wine, which gives its dense apricot and pineapple flavors great structure. It needs to age for at least four years.
While jasmine and tropical fruit aromas show nice concentration on the nose, there's a bit of a chemical undertone. The weighty palate in punchy in character, with Juicy Fruit gum, banana and canned peach flavors.
Lean and light, with aromas of muddled fruit and spice. This wine does not have huge staying power but the wine does offer a simple, clean close, with a touch of fresh acidity.
Two thirds Cabernet Sauvignon, with the other Bordeaux grapes filling in the rest. Though this 2006 vintage was held back for some time to allow for extra bottle age, this is still a hard, tannic wine that requires decanting. The build-out is well done, tannins firm and moderately ripe, fruit flavors Bordeaux-like. Right now it's a bit monolithic, tasty enough, but without the textural interest that most Abacela wines display.
This is pure Cabernet from the estate vineyard. These are still young vines, and though the potential for greatness is there, they don't deliver the complexity of their neighbor Ciel du Cheval—yet. Excellent fruit mixes berries and cherries, while barrel aging shows in the accents of spice and cracker. Medium-bodied, with alcohol approaching 15%.
This is a Bordeaux blend, based on Merlot, with some Petite Sirah mixed in. It's very dry, quite full-bodied and a little rustic, with some tough, edgy tannins. Doesn't seem like an ager, but it will benefit from a few hours in a decanter.
Decayed fruit aromas are less than fresh. This is uncomfortable on the palate, with flavors of weedy berry and mint. Short and medicinal on the finish.
Notable for its richness and structure, this offers the most delicious blackberry, cassis and toasted oak flavors. Firm minerality and intense tannins provide a solid foundation for all the richness. Drink now–2017.
Minerally peach aromas keep things lean to start, and it's somewhat narrow in outlook throughout. The palate has melon, nectarine and papaya fruit, and there's both citrusy acid and custardy richness to give modest complexity. Like a green-fruit lollipop in liquid form.
This shows real Sonoma Coast character in its silky texture, strong acidity and transparency of its raspberry and cherry notes, which allow for a mineral-driven taste of the soil to shine. The wine improves in the glass as it airs, picking up extra layers of complexity.
The aromas are tight and nervous with notes of wild berry, ginger and licorice. It is firmly astringent, so give it a few more years to help soften the tannins.
A full array of chaparral aromas arise prominently on this bottling, with thyme and sagebrush spicing up the smoke, earth, crushed slate and dark-cherry scents. The palate zings with snappy black-raspberry fruit, a great counterpoint to the savory shrubbiness that reflects the nose, with more wild herbs and eucalyptus notes. Quite a full experience.
Heavy on the oak, this soft, rounded estate-made Merlot brims in red fruit and herb. A bit of a mouthful now, it should evolve in the bottle and in the glass, burning off some of the wood over time.
This blend of Shiraz and Garnacha is simple on the palate, with modest acidity. Powdery berry and stone-fruit aromas are basic.
Vivacious on the nose, with hibiscus flowers, pomegranate, strawberry, rose petal and cola aromas, this bottling from a historic vineyard is both juicy and delicate at the same time. Vibrant flavors of cranberry, pomegranate, hibiscus and even red melon show on the palate, enhanced by dried fennel, sage and purple flowers.
Full and ripe, certainly as befits Meursault from a great year, but this wine also has deliciously crisp acidity which adds an element of minerality, of poise, to the smooth toast and cream texture. An enticing, structured wine.
This is an admirable aged Malbec, but it's definitely tannic and tough. The nose is hard and rubbery, with tire, mushroom, graphite and black cherry aromas. Feels tight as nails, with burnt caramel, tomato, green herb and cassis flavors. This finishes with some warmth.
Intense smoke and crushed-stone notes linger from start to finish on this distinctly mineral beerenauslese, adding a savory tone to luscious honey and lemon flavors. Zesty lime and lemon notes offset sweetness on the palate, finishing with a touch of puckering astringency.
From hillside vineyards on just one acre of the producer's estate, this lovely wine is pungently earthy in violet and fresh compost, its profile bright and lean. Cherry, orange and pomegranate make for a compelling expression of the variety, complemented by a meaty, gamy tease on the finish.
Intensely ripe black cherries and plums lend heft to this rich, boldly textured Pinot Noir. It's a nuanced wine, accented by hints of dried herbs, violets and a crush of mineral tones that elongate the finish.
Another 100% Syrah from the producer aged in two-thirds new French oak for 18 months, this has a dullness around the fruit, a sourness almost, that is not otherwise sparked by its notes of meat and gunpowder.
This is a soft, medium-dry wine, layered with fresh fruits, touches of tropical flavors and good acidity, a reflection of the vintage. It's a bright wine, lightly textured and ready to drink from the end of 2015.
Bright and easygoing, this features aromas of red berry, wildflower and a touch of alpine herb. The silky, lightly tannic palate doles out crushed raspberry, a hint of baking spice and an herbaceous note.
This is a Blanc de Noirs, produced from Cabernet Franc in Anjou. It's a ripe, soft while still very fresh wine with a perfumed character. Red berries and fresh apples blend easily together to give a fruity wine that is ready to drink.
Lemon oil and candle wax add interesting nuances to the citrusy, barrel-fermented fruit. There was no malolactic fermentation; it's bone dry and the acids are all natural and smooth. Delicate hints of toast and honeyed almonds bring still more depth and flavor interest to the juicy citrusfruit.
Cubìa is a bright, off-gold expression of Insolia with intense aromas of ripe fruit, apricot, caramel and butterscotch. More honey, passion fruit and pineapple follows on the palate.
The nice orange blossom and peach tones reflect a precise and clean winemaking approach. You'll get orange and cream in the mouth, and a crisp finish. Imported by Palm Bay Imports.
Yields were down in 2015, but intensity is up, giving this medium-bodied, silky wine the potential to drink well through at least 2025. Hickory smoke outlines white peach before ending in a long flurry of lime zest.
This vineyard selection offers a compact and clean aromatic package that hits all the right notes without being overdone. Blackberry, cherry, vanilla and spice chime in on the palate and help drive the wine's long, chewy finish.
A lively barrel-fermented wine with vanilla, pear and apple aromas. Hefty but balanced, with a palate full of pear, buttered toast and proper acidity. An very good wine in the South American mode.
You want black pepper? You'll get plenty of it in this dry, interesting Rhône blend of Mourvèdre and Syrah. It has briary flavors of wild blackberries, with an edge of leather, tobacco and herbs, and is thoroughly dry. Pretty tannic, too. An interesting wine, and one to watch.
This full-bodied Barbera's especially dark, opaque color is difficult to miss, and its aromas are equally intense. It smells like a late harvest wine, and its blackberry jam and cherry compote flavors seem to coat the palate. Although dry, it's ripe to the extreme and structured with moderate tannins.
Spicy acidity wraps around a lengthy and intense experience of full-bodied concentration and power in this well-made wine. Forest pine, red cherry and vanilla combine effortlessly to provide a robust flavor profile that's memorable and rich.
Dusty mineral and herbaceous green notes juxtapose curiously with slightly overripe apple and peach flavors on the palate of this dry Riesling. Soft tangerine acidity lends a sunny, refreshing tone on the finish.
This blend of five Bordeaux varieties, dominated by Cabernet Sauvignon, is fruity for the vintage, packed with jammy berry flavors further sweetened with sappy oak. It's soft and uncomplicated, light in body and acids, and won't age. Drink now through 2003.
Gaja's latest Barbaresco shows deep aromatic layers of ripe fruit, leather, black licorice, dried herb and savory tobacco. It is extremely velvety and smooth, with firm tannins and a richly extracted fruit finish.
Heavy and soupy in its current state. This is one chunked-out white wine that is barely hanging on with flavors of papaya and dried-out peach. Has lost whatever freshness it may have had.
The main thing about this Pinot Noir is the richness. It's bold and sumptuous, with flavors of raspberries, cherries, pomegranates, persimmons and cola, accented by oak and brightened by brisk acidity. With its delicious finish, it's a pretty wine to drink now.
There is a delicious, citrusy kick to this wine, lifting the bright berry fruit flavors. The flavors pile on, with peppery spice and chocolate, and a complex midpalate that tastes like cherry cola.
Gamy, fascinating aromas of bloody beef, charred lamb chops and dank mushrooms meet with cracked black pepper and asphalt on the nose of this wine from a coastal vineyard near Cambria. Similar sensations show on the palate, including underripe boysenberry, dried lilac, lavender, black pepper, pencil lead and dry-aged meat.
This longtime winery recently released new labels, and this bottling is one of the first releases to wear the slicker style. Lavish aromas of blueberry, black currant and caramel lead into a palate full of soft chalky tannins that carry flavors of tangy plum skin, bacon fat and crème de cassis. This will age very well, but is tasty now.
Torre di Giano is a remarkable example of the freshness and easy drinkability that can be achieved with Umbria's Trebbiano and Grechetto grapes. The blend is food-friendly, well-priced, easy on the palate and makes a great companion to fish, white meat and vegetarian dishes.
While not as blossomy in perfume as previous vintages, there's plenty of fresh watermelon and sour-cherry refreshment here. Exceptionally light bodied and dry, it's an invigoratingly crisp summer sip. The finish is brisk but crystalline and mineral.
This well-structured effort is 100% Cabernet Sauvignon, and it bears nuances of herb and briar. There is a balanced mix of plum and black cherry flavors that are wreathed in smoke and coffee notes, which resolve into firm but smooth tannins.
Semi-dry Cavas are a risky row, and this wine proves why. It has iodine and dusty lemon aromas, while the palate is chunky and flat, with sweet orange and other candied citrus flavors. Bland and bordering on cloying.
Berry and plum scents are clean, not rubbery. A grabby palate feels right, while flavors of plum and raspberry are basic. Loamy notes rise up on a fairly smooth finish that's devoid of overly hard tannins and shrill acidity.
Rich on the nose, this juicy, ripe Cabernet unfurls with layers of black currant, blackberry and vanilla that are soft and structured. The finish offers tar and leather amid more vanilla, ending in balance and finesse. Stock up for dinner parties.
Dry and leafy in the Cru Bourgeois sense of Bordeaux. And that makes sense given that it's Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Tempranillo from a cool, tough vintage. While not vegetal, the wine is herbal and nervous, with leafy notes and burnt brown sugar flavors.
A compelling blend of 85% Cannonau blended with equal parts Carignano, Bovale and Malvasia Nera, this opens with aromas of ripe dark berry, mocha, toast and vanilla. The gripping palate delivers crushed blackberry, Marasca cherry, licorice and tobacco framed by firm, velvety tannins. Drink 2017–2026.
Vanilla, black cherry and cinnamon on the nose lead the aromas of this exotic red. On the palate, a good red fruit and spice balance offers layers of cherry, plum and cedar. Likeable and a good introduction to Xinomavro.
Günter Triebaumer's family winery has seen many changes since he took over in 2003, not least of which is this easy, fruity red, with its spice, cassis and oak flavors, and fresh red currant acidity. Screwcap.
Unique and exotic, this Pinot Gris is crisp and textural, with the edges rounded out as if gently sanded by the contours of the concrete egg fermenter. A complex mix of cucumber, citrus, green herb, apple, pear and lemon verbena flavors, it's got tremendous grip, depth, balance and weight. Drink now through 2020.
Fruity, young and soft, this is an attractive Touriga Nacional-Syrah wine with strawberry flavors and just a touch of crisp red currant acidity. It's made for this summer, ready to drink.
Truffle and dirt arise aromatically from this wine, a structured and juicy offering of red and black berry, tobacco and black tea. Lush and complex, the wine jumps from the glass and is a nice example of the beauty that can be coaxed from a challenging vintage.
An abundance of fresh fruit spills out of this full-bodied, pure and uncomplicated wine in a way that's hard to resist. There is little obvious oak to get in the way of flavors like vine-ripened raspberries and blackberries as they stream along on fine tannins and lithe acidity.
Ripe cherry, clove, cinnamon, leather and spice shape a well-balanced wine that exhibits both depth and complexity. Tones of prunes and dried fruit add warm accents and the wine delivers smooth but firm tannins.
An immensely structured wine, packed with dark tannins promising aging potential. It is complex, powerful, layered with new wood and concentration, finishing with dark plum fruits and acidity.
This is stunningly rich in mouthfeel, texture and overall weight. Buttered, toasted nuts and creamy fruits coat the mouth. Oranges, apples and pears roll smoothly and seamlessly along the palate, with a juicy kick to the finish.
Made from Chardonnay and Pinot Noir, with a splash of Pinot Meunier, this bubbly is, in a word, delicious. It's so easy to drink, you can't put the glass down. Shows classic Champagne structure, with refined bubbles and brisk acidity. But the raspberry, strawberry, lime and apple flavors are pure California.
Granaio lacks the big, juicy intensity of other Tuscan wines but it does deliver fine notes of red cherry, smoke and graphite. The wine sports a bright, luminous color and ends with a quick blast of sour cherry.
Gooseberry and lemon peel mix with a wet cement, stony character on the nose of this crisp sipper from the middle of Monterey County. It's light, bright and tart on the palate, with lime peel, grapefruit peel and grassy tones, all laid across a zesty energy and cement minerality.
Aromas recall spicy plum and black raspberry. The concentrated but balanced palate offers cassis, prune and blackberry, with velvety tannins and fresh acidity.
Showing both the crispness necessary for Savennières, and the ripeness of 2005, this is a finely balanced wine. It is full, open and generous, but still has a center of green, crisp acidity and minerality. Age for 10 years. Screwcap.
You could teach an “Intro to Santa Barbara Pinot Noir” with this wine. It really defines the cool-climate coast, with its fine, silky texture, crisp acids, dryness and ripeness. It offers an array of cherry, raspberry, vanilla and cinnamon spice flavors.
Luscious ripe fruit flavors are balanced by great acidity in this rich but vibrant wine that's blended from Marsanne and Chardonnay. Honeydew melon and white-peach flavors fan out on the palate as the wine's generous texture coats the palate. Subtle spices like vanilla, white pepper and ginger add complexity.
This wine's modest strawberry and sous-bois notes are pretty unremarkable. It's light in body and short of finish.
With its toasty nose of baked apples and popcorn, the wine gives off a barrely welcome. The palate is a touch resiny in feel, but it's stout and solid, with tropical flavors of pineapple and melon. Falls a little flat on the finish as banana notes enter the fray. Drink now.
This estate-grown Pinot Noir artfully blends seven different clones, capturing the nuances of each, and melding them into a fascinating wine. Dig in—you'll find plenty of black cherry and cassis fruit, streaked with iron, espresso and licorice. The texture and length add more subtlety, with a delicate hint of sandalwood at the very end.
Earthy and nice on the nose, with a spot of rubber. The palate shows choppy acidity but good black cherry, herbal berry and pepper flavors. Light to medium as Cabs go, with spice and verve to the finish. Additional notes of olive, citrus and toast elevate the character.
There's a touch of forest floor funk on this wine, but the nose also shows lots of stewed black cherries, chemise and mint-chocolate chip. The palate is deep and rich but not overly ripe, with raspberry and elderberry fruit cut by herbal seasonings of oregano, thyme, marjoram and mint.
Despite its fermentation in oak, this isn't an oaky white wine. Aromas of peach pit and apple are largely neutral. The palate feels tangy and citric, while the flavors lean toward lemon. On the finish, an almond-skin element rises up amid a mix of creaminess and acidity.
Minerally, understated style with a nose of hay and semolina followed by vanilla and pear on the tongue. Citrus notes stay lively on the short finish. Serve with a subtle fish such as cod. Drink now.
For a $12 wine, this blend of Tempranillo and Garnacha is clean on the bouquet, with cherry and raspberry aromas leading the way. The feel is vibrant and bouncy, while flavors of red berry, plum and light oak set up a chocolaty finish with dry spice and mild buttery flavors.
Raspberry and clove characterize the nose on this single-vineyard bottling. The palate kicks off with vibrant black cherry, slips toward black olive on the midpalate and ends with bright acidity on a decent finish.
This wine is quite blue-fruited aromatically for a Cabernet. This continues on the palate, with boysenberry flavors backed by lightly grainy tannins. It provides interest, but you'd never peg it for Cabernet Sauvignon.
An ebullient mousse gives this wine a creamy texture. The wine, which is soft and rounded, is cut with acidity to give a crisp edge to the fruitiness. With its relatively high dosage, this is probably best as an apéritif.
This elaborate wine offers delicious cherry-pie, mocha, red currant and sandalwood flavors. The tannins are smooth and flashy, and it's easy to drink. But it shows the limits of Cabernet Franc, which simply doesn't have the depth of Cabernet Sauvignon.
From old vines planted in a single vineyard, this is a spectacular red. It has the crisp acidity of the cool-climate Sancerre, but it also has the weight and ripeness of a fine Burgundy. The wood aging has left a spicy toasty edge to the beautiful cherry fruits and acidity. It could age for another year to be at its best. Drink from 2019.
Powerfully ripe wine, solidly based on a structure of dark tannins and dense black currant fruit. The wine has imprisoned power and density, needing several years for it to be set free.
Toasted bread crust, citrus and apple are just some of the aromas that characterize this lovely sparkler. A blanc de noirs made with 100% Pinot Nero, it offers a vibrant palate that delivers nectarine, roasted almond, pastry cream and mineral alongside persistent bubbles and fresh acidity. It also boasts enough structure to age for several years. Drink through 2017.
“No oak/No malo” the label proclaims, as if to challenge you to like it anyway. What's not to like? Fresh, leesy notes cleanse the palate, and set up the palate for the mix of melon, blood orange and pineapple that defines the flavors. Without any oak or buttery malo, what persists is the vivid, supple acidity.
On the sweet side, and the bubbles are scoury and rough. Still, this is a pretty nice sparkling wine, clean and refreshing in citrus fruits and yeast.
This Cava is mustardy smelling, with apple in tow. The palate feels fresh and solid, while flavors of yeasty, dry apple and white pepper lead to a toasty, firm finish. A likable sparkler but regular as a whole.
Ripe aromas of raisin, black plum and horsehide are pointy and peppery. On the palate, this Graciano is bold and energetic, with lifting acidity. Loud berry flavors come with strong accents of dark chocolate and bitter espresso, while the finish is long but just moderate in complexity. Drink through 2020.
With smoky aromas and strict tannins, this is initially an austere wine. The fruit remains firm and tight, very powerful, while the final acidity gives a delicious, more juicy finale.
A brooding wine, this shows all the aging potential of Blaufränkisch. Using grapes sourced from the Kirschgarten Vineyard, this has tar and violet aromas, plus firm, dry tannins and a dense yet juicy black-fruit character. It could still age over 4–5 years. Glass stopper.
This Merlot comes down on the elegant side. It's not an opulent, hedonistic wine, but one of great structure and architecture. The cherry, berry, orange and herb tea flavors have an edge of dried herbs and tobacco. Distinguished, it should hold for a couple years.
Made from organically farmed grapes, this opens with aromas of oak, toast and vanilla. The palate is better, delivering succulent blackberry, licorice, fennel and oak alongside teeth-coating tannins.
Toasty to the point of having a popcorn-like quality, but in between those toasted, buttery notes you'll find zesty lemon and apple. Solid if a bit of a one-note pony, but it's spunky and clean, and the overall impression is largely positive. Imported by Prestige Wine Imports Corp.
This opens with alluring scents of violet, rose, red berry and chopped herbs. The fresh, delicious palate doles out pure fruit flavors of black cherry, blackberry and raspberry while licorice and clove notes offer back up. Silky tannins and bright acidity provide the pliant framework.
Stainless-steel fermented and given no time in oak, this wine is a nod to the producer's longstanding devotion to the Loire Valley and its aim to make a crisp, balanced, non-fussy white. It succeeds here in concocting a mix of lemon peel, apple and herb—a light pretty wine that's lovably quaffable.
This Cab-based Bordeaux blend is very dense in fruit and also very Tannic with a capital T. Such is the astringency that it may never go away before the blackberry and black currant fruit drops out. Nonetheless it's dry and savory and, in its own Rockpiley way, classic. Drink with superrich barbecue, well-marbled grilled beef and such. Tasted twice.
A selection of fruit from different vineyards allows Franz-Josef Gritsch an overview of the Spitz style. It's rich and intense, but also deliciously fresh and fragrant. There is a strong mineral content as well. Very crisp on the finish and still young. Drink from 2016.
High-toned, fragrant, toasted oak nuances meld beautifully with delicious black cherry aromas and flavors in this well-balanced, abundantly proportioned wine. It is full bodied, opulent in texture, with enough fine-grained tannin and acidity to support the high level of ripeness. It keeps demanding another sip.
Awkward, overripe and too sweet, a textbook wine that falls prey to Zin's traditional pitfalls. There are ripe berry flavors but they are out of balance with everything else. A syrupy, cough-mediciney texture frames it all.
A nice, everyday bubbly that offers elegance at an affordable price. Chardonnay contributes crisp flavors of limes, while Pinot Noir brings deeper flavors of cherries. A lovely wine that grows in the glass.
New oak takes center stage in this Chardonnay with buttered toast aromas and intense caramel and butterscotch flavors that dominate the underlying orange and mango. It's a soft, creamy wine, that's rich and exotic. Drink now.
This historic Sicilian estate is another protagonist when it comes to Syrah. Nadir is a surprisingly floral interpretation of the hearty grape with notes of herbal tea, rose petal and raspberry tea. It's leaner in the mouth with soft tannins. Imported by Frederick Wildman & Sons, Ltd.
This rich, spicy Port is full of jammy black fruits, dried prunes and raisins along with a good line of acidity. It is on the dry side of the Late Bottled Vintage spectrum, giving a wine that is structured as well as full of fruit. The aftertaste, with its tannins still in place, suggests it will age at least until 2022, although it is very drinkable now.
From vineyards owned by the Van Zeller family in the narrow valley of the Torto River, this serious powerful wine is a mere baby. It was produced in open-stone fermenters with traditional foot treading and that gives the wine its extra opulence and richness. Tannins and immense black fruit are still developing. Save this bottle until 2020.
Floral, white stone fruit aromas are sweet but generally attractive, while the lively palate is oily in feel but still fresh mostly due to youth. Lemon, apple and melon are the flavor components, while the finish is sweet almost to the point of being sugary, which is a detractor. Drink right away.
Something is lacking in this, which has a dominant aroma of baked bread and savory mushrooms. Tannic and oaky, its year spent in American oak, 30% of that new, hasn't done it many favors.
Aromas of forest floor, Mediterranean herb, dark berry, turned soil and game mingle in the glass. The tight palate delivers clove, ground white pepper, grilled herb and dried black cherry alongside bracing tannins.
This wine is fresh, crisp and fruity. With its almost-white color and green and citrus fruits, there is only the merest hint to suggest a rosé. It's an attractive wine, but hardly typical.
Just delicious, a nine-vineyard blend from some of the cooler pockets of this sprawling appellation. But don't let the tasty succulence mask its considerable complexity. Light in color, silky and almost weightless in the mouth, it delivers a massive blast of acid-tinged flavors. Ripe, sweet raspberries, cherry pulp, red licorice, sweet pomegranate marmalade, root beer, cloves, smoky oak, a final dusting of crushed black peppercorn, it just goes on and on. Highly recommended despite the hefty price.
This tastes bright and lively, just a bit sweet and brimming with fruit flavor. It smells like green apples and grapefruit, tastes like honeydew melon and adds a bit of acidity to balance out the ripeness.
This beautifully perfumed wine has all the tannins that will allow it to age over many decades. It also offers the rich blackberry, dark plum and great structure that will support that aging. As so often, Noval has released a vintage when other major producers have held back. But this powerful wine fully justifies the decision. Drink from 2025 for the fruit, 2030 for the complexity.
Firmly tannic and structured, this has a dark, black-fruit character along with paprika and pepper. Blackberry and juicy plum flavors sit behind the tannins. This should develop over 5–6 years. Screwcap.
Here's a fresh and fruity Ripasso that opens with lively aromas of black cherry, cassis, spice and dark vanilla bean. The wine also shows a touch of heat and jammy red fruit on the close.
At the cooler end of the Dry Creek Valley, this vineyard site provides juicy blackberry fruit accented in leather, tobacco and even black tea, giving it a savory edge. Juicy with soft tannins and mellowed oak, it finishes with a brightness of anise and nutmeg.
A rather light red color and a lean flavor profile make this medium-bodied wine a good mealtime pour that doesn't hog the spotlight. It smells like cranberries and dried earth and tastes lightly tart and cherrylike.
This Chard is a bit heavy and oaky, with buttered toast, orange, pear and spicy fruit punch flavors. It's ripe with juicy fruit flavors but balanced by crisp acidity.
This Barbaresco offers quintessential Nebbiolo aromas of red rose, leather and berry along with succulent cherry and raspberry flavors layered with spice, sage and Alpine herbs. It's wonderfully balanced, with bracing but fine tannins and fresh acidity, and will develop additional complexity with more bottle age.
Creamy aromas of milk chocolate and berry fruits set up a moderately gripping palate. Nonspecific berry and clove flavors finish plump and chewy, with a strong oak character on the close.
A hint of lemon-lime characterizes an otherwise neutral nose. This definitively sweet Cava is a bit heavy and sticky but not out of shape. Candied apple, confection sugar and cinnamon flavors finish with baking-spice notes.
This taut and structured wine has weight as well as ripe fruits, with a strong mineral character that gives it tight texture. The acidity and the fruit are developing. Drink from 2017.
A first-rate Sauvignon Blanc, delightful to drink now for its crisp fruitiness. Lovely acids highlight citrus, tropical fruit and gooseberry flavors that finish long and spicy.
Notes of strawberry candy rise from the glass and are dispersed on the palate by a lively, frothy fizz with large bubbles. A friendly, lemony freshness brightens the strawberry fruit. Light, dry and fruity, the body majors on easy enjoyment. Drink soon.
This is a current release from Joe Davis, who holds his wines back until their prime. Hailing from Ballard Canyon, it shows black plum, pressed purple flowers, tanned leather and balsamic notes on the nose. There's a pleasantly yet softly structured texture to the palate, where dried blackberry, roast beef, lilac and Concord grape flavors arise.
Petrussa's oak-aged Chardonnay is still drinking young and seems a bit tight and firm in the mouth. Let it unwind over the next few months to deliver more intense notes of exotic fruit, milled white pepper, toasted nut, vanilla bean and banana. The wine has well-integrated acidity and a slightly herbal note on the close.
This polished, spicy wine is loaded with crisp green apple, white pepper and steely mineral sensations. The juicy fruit is balanced by lively acidity that gives a linear character and leaves the mouth feeling fresh and clean.
There is an impressively persistent stony quality to the nose and palate of this bottling. On the nose, that takes the form of a rainy cement note, which, along with lime-skin and pith scents, give fresh tension to the broad peach and pear aromas. On the palate, it's all about grippy texture, which holds up green apple, underrripe pluot and lime-wedge flavors.
Crisp black-plum aromas are lifted by lavender, lilac and potpourri scents on the nose of this blend of 65% Cabernet Sauvignon and 35% Syrah. Lavish flavors of boysenberry pie, vanilla, nutmeg and pastry dough show on the layered palate. It furnishes another strong case for why these two grapes work well together.
Inky and dark, this has modern touches of toasted oak and exotic spice. Those smoky aromas will decrease with time, giving prominence to the cherry and blackberry flavors already present.
Stemmy and funky smelling, with a burnt, stalky element to the core aromas. The palate grates and tastes of stemmy, burnt berry fruit. Stemmy and herbal on the finish as well.
Earthy aromas of tobacco, olive, tree bark and lemon peel are herbal and a bit green. This is a blend of Cab Sauvignon, Merlot, Carmenère and Lagrima Christi; it's fairly minty on the flavor profile, with olive and overt oak leading the way. A resiny, green-tasting finish is drawing but fair.
Normally used as a minor blending grape with Cabernet, Petit Verdot is difficult to make interesting by itself, and this one is no exception. Midnight black, raspingly dry and fiercely tannic, it has tobacco, cherry and oak flavors. Might someday evolve into something, but who knows.
Iris offers a modestly priced, fruity Pinot Noir, with berry and black cherry fruit at its core. A hint of volatility and a slight suggestion of vinegar keep the score from going any higher, but it is a perfectly pleasant wine for everyday drinking.
Enticing aromas of pineapple, orange zest, just-picked apricot and freesia lead the way for clean flavors of tangerine, yellow peach and freshly sliced pineapple on the palate. It's fruit forward, with great minerality.
The clay slopes around the village of Soss have produced an impressively dense Pinot Noir, rich, with evidence of wood aging and soft opulence. The black fruits are dominant, but this is superripe, powerful and dense.
The lightest in a range of Grüner Veltliner from Hans Setzer. This is a green apple and grapefruit flavored wine, all lightness, freshness and crispness. There is a green plum skin tang to it, added to citrus.
Gainey's track record for Merlot in Santa Ynez Valley is unexcelled. If the wines seldom are world-class great, they're seldom less than succulent and delicious. The '05 exemplifies the house style, a dry, rich wine, brimming with blackberry, cherry and new oak flavors that are wrapped into a fine, complex tannin-acid structure. Drink now.
Crafted from the vines of the old Jean-Louis Grippat estate, this is a wonderfully complex yet elegant rendition of Saint-Joseph. Smoky notes of cured meat and cracked pepper entwine perfumed, plummy fruit in this full-bodied, creamy-textured wine that should drink well for at least the next 10 years.
This is a mild, neutral Torrontés with yeasty notes and hints of tropical fruits. The palate is smooth but simple, while flavors of melon and green papaya finish with lingering lychee notes. Overall this is plump, fresh and good.
Delicate and sheen, this briskly structured kabinett balances zesty lemon-lime flavors with subtle kisses of white peach and yellow-cherry flavors. Its invigorating mineral finish makes it an irresistible thirst quencher. Enjoy now through 2021.
From old vines, this now-mature wine shows almonds, touches of toast and gentle acidity. It has a creamy texture that only hints at the original minerality and crispness. Now, it is a smooth wine with only a light connection to the Melon grape, offering concentration and a rich aftertaste. Drink now.
I can see why so many of Washington's winemakers love this young vineyard. It is already expressing the sort of subtleties that most viticulturalists would kill for. The fruit is ripe but not too sweet or jammy. It is annotated with citrus, leaf and stem, along with streaks of smoke and herb and mineral. It's all mixed together seamlessly and focused into a firm, almost muscular style with real authority.
Although this Cab is clean and elegant, it's too thin in fruit to be really inspiring. You'll find very modest black currant and cherry flavors, but not enough to cover the 14.4% alcohol, which sticks out and tastes hot.
Very rich, very flamboyant, a Chardonnay that rocks your palate with flavor, yet has the acidic structure and dryness to keep it from going over the top. Pure Bien Nacido in the wealth of tropical fruit and spice flavors, so nicely balanced with a deft touch of oak. It represents a step above the '05 and is a wine to watch.
Solid, juicy Cabernet that has a lot of fresh berry and black cherry on the nose. The mouth is forward and fruity, with slick plum, berry and cherry flavors. Not the most complex or layered Cab you'll find but it sure is good, thick and tasty. Powerful, too.
This medium-bodied Grenache has plenty of personality. There is a smoky, meaty character in the aroma, and the herb, rhubarb and black pepper flavors add interest. It is balanced to the dry, tannic side, which makes it more appetizing and authentic.
Quite a nice Sauvignon, creamy smooth but with good acidity, and flavored with spicy oak. The flavors run toward ripe citrus fruits, figs and sweet tobacco.
This wine has tart acidity that jumps from the glass, a taste of wet stone and lemon zest that's persistent through the midpalate. Along the way, a hint of grass, gooseberry and peach fuzz ride the waves of textured crispness.
A big, jammy, acidic, and slightly sweet wine for washing down barbecue. The blackberry, cherry and blueberry flavors taste like they were baked into a pie.
Very clean and dry, high in citrusy acidity, and with a steely minerality. This streamlined Chard aims for structure, not opulence. The flavors are of white peaches and smoky oak. Defines the Farrell style of detailed elegance.
Soft red apple, white peach and delicate white florals unfold in the nose, while toastier notes of baked apple and brioche appear in the mouth. Round and full, there's not a lot of complexity here but it's straightforward, satisfying and quite easy to drink.
Quickly becoming one of Adelsheim's most important vineyard designates, this beautifully balanced wine opens with pungent, primary fruits, a jumble of berries and cherries in the nose and mouth. It lengthens into raspberry compote complexity, limned with dark chocolate and highlighted with peppery greens.
Herbal notes augment a slightly green berry flavor. The tannins are sharp and carry a hint of bitterness. The blast of vanilla does not seem fully integrated with the flavors.
Bold and fruity, this blend is ripe, full of juicy black fruits, with a core of dry tannin. It is going to be a delicious wine with great fruitiness and attractive acidity. A mineral element at the end will allow it to develop well. This is a second wine of Jean-Michel Baudet, fifth-generation winemaker. Drink from 2018.
This extremely sweet, rich, ripe, fortified dessert wine is made from the rare black variation of Muscat grapes. It smells and tastes like dried figs, sweet prunes and milk chocolate.
Perfumed and aromatically distinctive wine, it carries notes of juniper, sagebrush, black pepper and cranberry. It's soft and sultry, lighter in feel, narrowing toward the finish.
The nose on this wine impresses from the start, with its clean aromas of apples, spice and citrus. On the palate, an attractive balance of minerality and refreshing fruit triumphs. Not terribly complex, but fun and exciting.
A medium-sweet, spicy wine that offers good fresh guava flavor to balance the ripe texture. The finish is fresh. Screw cap.
Generous notes of ripe, juicy pear lead on nose and palate of this wine. An earthy, slightly bitter edge lends definition and texture but undereath it all lies the purity of fresh-cut Conference pear and lemon. This wine is bone-dry and lip-smackingly refreshing.
Bonazzi's nicely aged 2004 Amarone offers an elegant and intense experience with well-toned aromas of black cherry, blueberry pie, mesquite and root beer. There's a touch of cherry liqueur on the close with lingering spice and smoke.
Severe and austere at this stage, this solid, dark wine has all the weight of a wine from Gevrey, concentrated and densely tannic. It's firm, packed with dark plum fruit and perfumed acidity. It's foursquare, demanding long aging. Drink from 2021
Ripe and soft on the nose, this blend of Monastrell, Garnacha and Syrah is so easygoing that it lacks pop up front. Plump and fruity on the palate, this is low on structure and acidity. Jammy raspberry and strawberry flavors end in friendly fashion, but with low definition. Drink now.
Exceptionally rich, a Pinot Noir that tastes dramatic from the get go. It's full-bodied, dry and velvety, with complex flavors of berries, pomegranates, cherries, cola, currants, mushrooms and spices. The firm tannins and crisp acids suggest ageability over the next six years.
Andis remains a name to watch in Amador, producing consistently great reds and whites. Here, they've made an invitingly floral Semillon, only 12% alcohol, that's light and bright in melon and fig with a richness on the mid-palate and a zesty finish. This will pair nicely with a range of equally light foods.
This is a bright, fresh raspberry-flavored wine. It's fruity and layered with attractive, crisp acidity. A touch of spice accents the finish.
A resiny, oily nose is barrel heavy and a strong clue of what's to come. The palate has a thick, syrupy feel and sweet, almost sugary flavors of pear and melon. By the time it's wrapping up, the wine veers towards cloying. Has its virtues but it's entirely too sweet in this critic's opinion.
Carl Bowker makes some excellent wines from his estate, and this blend of 56% Viognier, 22% Grenache Blanc and 22% Roussanne is reliable though not flashy. Notes of sour lemon and green apple skins hit the nose first, followed by bitter sesame and lime juice on the palate, which leans a tad too sour.
This wood-aged wine, one of the château's top white cuvées, needs to age. With its toast and ripe yellow and white fruits, it is rich and full, a reflection of good whites in a drab red Bordeaux vintage. After a bitter smoky edge from the toastiness softens, it will be a very fine wine. Drink from 2017. This Lévèque family estate is a member of the Union des Grands Crus de Bordeaux.
Hailing from a warm vintage, this vineyard-designated wine from northern Michigan shows a vibrant and integrated nose of ripe cherry and raspberry, with hints of white pepper, dusty cedar and button mushroom. Don't let the light color fool you; this wine shows an intriguing depth of flavor and breadth to the palate. Juicy red cherry tones are sprinkled with tilled earth and red flowers, all supported by finely-grained tannins.
89-91. Barrel sample. Firm and dense with dark, dry fruits, this is a powerful wine for the year, while keeping an elegant, delicious style.
Radici is a landmark red wine for Italy, because it shows the high-quality wine-making potential of the south. A hearty and sophisticated expression of Aglianico, this opens with smoky aromas of crushed mineral, black peppercorn, ripe fruit and cola. It shows firm tannins and impressive length.
Ripe and powerful in blackberry, cherry, cassis and sweet oak flavors, with a spicy finish, this blend, which is mostly Cabernet Sauvignon, also is potent in tannins. It's a complex, nuanced wine, but is really too astringent for current consumption. Give it at least six years and try again.
Confusingly, in the world of Champagne, Extra Dry means slightly sweet. So this pale colored rosé is soft, treading a fine line between bright acidity and a riper, confected character. That sweetness is well integrated, though, in keeping with the crisp Gosset style. It's ready to drink.
Floral and alert, and overall the bouquet is promising. This is quintessential by-the-glass Bierzo; it's creamy, full and solid, with nice black cherry, raspberry and plum flavors. Nothing spectacular but quite good in a no-nonsense way.
This is a soft Champagne—more like a wine with bubbles than a crisp apéritif. With its relatively high dosage and ripe red fruit, it's rich up front, cleaning up with acidity on the finish. Keep for a few more months and drink from 2018.
Grown in the Carneros, this beautiful Albariño has just a touch of oak that adds a creamy butteriness to the texture. But the mouthfeel belongs to crisp acidity and rewardingly complex tangerine, Meyer lemon, nectarine and mineral flavors that go on and on into the finish. A brilliant success. Try as an upscale alternative to Sauvignon Blanc.
This is a fruity, crisp wine with an attractive balance between acidity and sweetness. Ripe strawberries give the fruit flavor while the acidity at the light prickle on the palate add a crisper aftertaste. Drink now.
This is the kind of wine people call “cocktail”: very dry and a little tart, ultracrisp and clean, and with the lemon-and-lime flavors that are palate wake-up calls. Some riper, fuller peach flavors emerge, but it turns citrusy and dry again on the finish. Sure, it's simple, but it's good.
The vines for this wine have an average age of 40–50 years, giving a great concentration of flavors from low-yielding plants. For a Grüner it is monumental in character, packed with flavors of lychees, sage and pepper. With this intensity of flavor, this should be a wine for aging.
This opaque Graciano from Toledo weighs in at 15% abv and smells like black currant and grape juice concentrate. An intense, loud palate features smooth tannins but abrasive acidity. Limited but lusty flavors of blackberry and black plum finish juicy and with medium length and depth. Drink through 2019.
This is a ripe, jammy wine with red plum and sweet strawberry fruits that are cut by both the acidity and the toasty tannins. Although ripe, the wine offers attractive juicy freshness. The aftertaste brings out more of the tannins.
Glimpses of maturity are evident throughout this wine. Slightly briny, savory aromas on the nose open to layers of ripe black cherries and autumn leaves on the palate. It's rich and supple, fringed just faintly with tannins. Drink now.
Bacon and tapenade elements merge easily on the nose, followed by a wine that's full bodied and creamy textured on the palate. This is dark and meaty in profile, yet not heavy or cooked, with a long, harmonious finish. Drink now–2030.
This could be classified as a red wine—it's as dark as some Pinot Noir. But the winery recommends chilling it, so we'll call it a blush. The blend is not disclosed. The flavors are rich with strawberries, persimmons and limes.
An 80-20 Nero d'Avola-Merlot blend from north of Palermo, this is a ruby-colored wine that delivers rich notes of prune, tobacco, leather and wild sage. The tannins are soft and the wine would pair well with game meats or roast lamb. Imported by Empson (USA) Ltd.
This three-grape blend includes Sauvignon Blanc, Verdejo and Merseguera. It's gold in color, while heavy and cidery on the nose. A chunky, citrusy palate is globular and tastes of grapefruit, tangerine and salt, while an oily feeling, round finish lacks complexity.
From the Cerise and Ridley vineyards, this wine explores two sites within the Anderson Valley. In taste it offers intense sour cherry, a flavor that finds its balance mid-palate, blossoming into smooth, spicy, full-bodied, oak-kissed goodness.
An awkward Chardonnay that's too strong and exaggerated for balance. Shows New World flavors of superripe pineapple jam and vanilla custard, with a honey-sweet finish.
This inky-black Barbera boasts granite and slate aromas with black fruit, cassis, wild mushroom, tobacco and wet earth. These are the characteristic aromas of this native grape variety, although the deep extraction and sweet oak flavors on display here denote a very modern interpretation.
The outlines of a great Dry Creek Zin are here in the fleshy texture, polished tannins and ripe, briary flavors of wild red raspberries, cherries and blueberries. The problem is a certain sweet, glyceriney harshness that comes from very high alcohol, courtesy of the extreme vintage conditions.
Sweet and sharp in green chlorophyll, this tastes of cherry cough drops.
Soft and direct. Tastes like a liquid granola bar, with melted flavors of raspberries, cocoa, roasted almonds, vanilla, cinnamon and brown sugar. Drink now.
Fresh, clean and bright, this is resplendent with lemon and lime tones, with a grassy touch that's similar to the New Zealand style. Well-made and refreshing, this has a pure green-apple-flavored finish.
A bit murky, the herbal and spicy flavors of Malbec are softened into a smooth but diffuse wine, with a plastic note in the finish.
Rich and bold, but tough in tannins, with a hard astringency to the ripe blackberries, black currants, licorice and dark chocolate. Could age out and mellow in a couple of years, but no guarantees.
Dryly tannic, it has cherry, black tea, mushroom and sandalwood flavors that are ready to drink now.
92-94. Barrel sample. A smooth, richly textured wine, with flavors of sweet orange and spice that combine with dark wood and pomegranate.
Spine tingling lime and tangerine notes go head to head with sweeter apricot and yellow cherry flavors in this revitalizing sip. It's delicate in body yet deeply penetrating, filling the palate with staccato hits of honey, fruit and acidity. Drinks beautifully now but should improve through 2025.
Subtle but pretty aromas of pressed flower, mature pear and honey mingle in the glass. The round, full-bodied palate offers dried apricot, Golden Delicious apple, lemon drop and nuance of cake spice brightened by fresh acidity.
Intense stuff; hits on the nose like a bomb packed with fresh green veggies and vibrant passion fruit, mango and stone fruits. Slides across the palate with ease courtesy of prime acidity. Tastes much like it smells, with jolting flavors of gooseberry, pineapple and orange. Imported by Kobrand.
This is a young, yeasty wine with a scent of fresh citrus. Lemon and grapefruit are the main flavors, with a textural, refreshing mouthfeel and a hint of minerality.
An improvement over the previous vintage, this value wine shows a simple but clean aromatic profile, with citrus zest, Granny Smith apple and apricot. There's a sweet touch of lemon mousse on the close.
Scorched earth, menthol, cooking spice and mature plum aromas take shape in the glass. The forward palate offers dried black cherry, coffee and licorice alongside smooth, polished tannins. Drink soon to capture the remaining fruit flavor.
Big black-colored wine, juicy, spiced with wood. The rich berry fruits are powered by sweetness and only just a hint of acidity. The tannins show themselves as a dry core at the end.
This easygoing blend of Nero d'Avola and Merlot has black-skinned fruit, Mediterranean underbrush and blue flower aromas. The juicy palate offers mature blackberry, baking spice and nutmeg flavors, accompanied by round tannins.
There's a reason this is one of the pricier white wines from the region. Aromas of yogurt and brie cheese are leveled by struck match, smoked grapefruit skins and sourdough. Vibrant lime pith and singed lemons fuel the palate, which further benefits from crushed oyster shell rockiness and goat cheese-like pungency. The mouth sings with remarkable acidity that will evolve. Drink 2018–2024.
Millet's Bué vines are in one of the classic chalk terroirs of Sancerre, and this wine revels in the richness of the fruit and brightness of the acidity. It does have some grassy herbaceousness, although this is broadened by the warm fruitiness. Drink now.
Barrel aromas take the lead with notes of vanilla, dill and coconut followed by cherry, herbs and mesquite. Flavors are tart and medium bodied, with the fruit outpaced by the wood.
This blend is roughly half Cabernet Sauvignon. It spends 18 months in barrel, 40% of it new American oak. Smooth and open, it's a tasty young wine reminiscent of chocolate-covered cherries.
The family-owned, Santa Lucia Highlands-focused Wrath Winery produces their Ex Anima line to show off wines from their estate San Saba Vineyard made with very little intervention and no new oak. This wine is nearly as clear as water, and yet offers aromas or freshly cut grass, honeydew melon, kiwi and fresh rain on rocks. On the palate, minerality lingers alongside poached pear and peach. Refreshing and light, yet full of flavor.
Extremely thick, soft and extracted, this delivers flavors of ripe fruit, cinnamon stick, honey, barbecue sauce, cured meat and dried apple skin. Savory tones of leather and button mushroom show up later.
Vivid flavors and zippy fruit acidity give this medium-bodied blend of Sauvignon Blanc and Sémillon a big but refreshing personality. It has vibrant citrus and fresh herb aromas, crisp grapefruit and lemon flavors, and a sense of depth on the palate without being heavy. There are so many ways this would start a meal off right.
Mainly Sauvignon Blanc, with Chardonnay, this is a simple wine, sugary sweet and soft.
Serious Sauvignon Blanc from the Saget home domaine, this full and ripe wine has considerable depth of flavor. Like many wines from Pouilly, it is for aging, a rich, concentrated wine that needs at 3–4 years.
There aren't that many organic Proseccos out there, and this expression from La Jara is thin, crisp and refreshing. There is a pungent grassy note at the outset that needs a few minutes to disappear.
This bottling from five vineyards across the region, which also includes 18% Syrah, is dark and concentrated on the nose with aromas of plum, crushed gravel, rose petals, composting violets and gamy pepper-crusted meats. The palate is more fresh and floral, with lilac touches and kola nut spice, proving lighter weight in body and easy to quaff.
Citrus blossom, apricot, peach, minerals and white peppercorn emerge from the nose of this attractively priced Chard. It boasts medium build and persistency with nice acidity and a spice-filled finish.
Ripe and fruity in upfront blackberries, currants and oak, with a hint of cocoa, this wine also shows firm tannins. It's young, and finishes with that raw quality of a juvenile Cab. Fine now with rich fare, but should mellow for a few years. Now through 2008.
Still rather harsh, this is a rustic wine with cherry, cola and prune flavors. It's not for aging.
Full, pushy aromas of stewed plum, tomato, herbs and heavy oak come in front of a high-acid palate with salty flavors of herbal red plum, oregano, basil and tomato. A saline character sits heavily on the wine's chunky finish.
At first shy on the nose, this opens to reveal baking spice and dried violet aromas. A tobacco note underscores its mature black plum and ripe blackberry flavors while smooth tannins offer easygoing support. Drink through 2019.
It's rare to find a Washington Malbec at this price; and this is a very good one at that. Toasty and firm upon entry, it loads the palate with black cherry and cassis, followed with generous barrel flavors of coffee and a finishing thread of smoke. It tastes like a wine that was intended to sell for considerably more.
Heavily oaked and charred aromas of saucy berry fruits and espresso lead to a choppy, astringent palate. Reedy plum and berry flavors are a touch herbal and saucy. It feels tannic and drawing on an oaky finish that sports a clove note. Drink from 2018–2026.
An inky wine, yet remarkably well balanced and supple, marrying a lush, creamy texture with masses of blueberries and hints of mint and licorice. Drink now or hold up to 10 years.
The spice character in this wine is much less apparent than the superripe flavors of lychee and mango, which are layered with a delightful amount of freshness, resulting in a wine that is both rich and delicate.
Gold in color, this has chunky aromas of oily white fruit and sea water. Thick in feel, it nevertheless has enough acidity to protect the wine's body and integrity. It tastes of orange and nectarine, before falling flat and mealy on the finish.
With no oak influences at all, this Chard is on the acidic side, with bright, clean flavors of green grapes, yellow apricots and fresh pineapples. It's dry, but rich in fruity essence.
Lemon zest and orchard fruit aromas are accented by notes of toasted popcorn. The medium-bodied palate shows fresh lemon juice and underripe peach tones, with crisp acidity balancing the toasted vanilla finish.
White wine is rare among producers in Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil who normally concentrate on red wines. However, this wood-aged wine from a parcel that is better suited to Chenin Blanc, has a fine texture, crisp apples even a touch of honey. It should age a little longer, so drink from 2018.
Mostly from Bien Nacido Vineyard, this is solidly in the winery's style, which is huge, fruit-forward, full-bodied wines of vast concentration and deliciousness. There is nothing at all subtle about this Syrah. It overwhelms with blackberry pie, cassis and chocolate-coated cherry candy flavors, with licorice and white pepper overtones, and is also big in tannins, although they're ripe and sweet. Racy acidity saves the day, and keeps it from being a fruit bomb.
The winery does not make much white wine, and this release is limited to just 55 cases. Light gold, it's scented with buttered popcorn and toasted hazelnuts, with a solid core of ripe apple, pear and nectarine fruit. It finishes with a powerful burst of vanilla custard.
Here's a fun refreshing sparkler that offers delicate scents suggesting red berry and a whiff of candied citrus zest. The lively palate offers strawberry, red currant and apple alongside tangy acidity. It finishes clean and crisp.
Dark gold in color, this very sweet dessert wine has intense flavors of apricot nectar, pineapple-infused crème brûlée, vanilla frosting and butterscotch. It's rich, but balanced with a squeeze of lime acidity.
This block selection shows a delicate, elegant touch in this vintage, opening with pretty floral accents and continuing with light but compelling flavors of citrus and honeysuckle. There is a well-tuned bitter streak, presumably from some skin contact, and a refreshing minerality throughout.
It's too bad that this blend of 75% Zinfandel, 12% Cabernet Franc and 13% Syrah is only found in Bermuda. Elderberry, tobacco and blueberry-stuffed chocolate power the dense nose, yet the palate shows a fresh lightness, with mint and menthol lifting the cherry juice and tannic grip that structures the sip.
This wine brings aromas and flavors of pear along with light tropical accents. The concentration dips toward the finish.
This wine—sold direct only through the winery —gets better with time, with stony, cherry and cardamom brightening up through the tannins as the wine has a chance to breathe. Big and full, V. Sattui gets its grapes from mostly Lake County, rounding it out with a smaller percentage of Napa Valley fruit, as well as a handful from Dry Creek. Very solid.
Alle Viole has a large Sangiovese element that lends aromas of wild berry, violets, almond skin, wet earth and tobacco. The wine is compact and smooth, making it a perfect companion to risotto with wild porcini mushrooms.
Made entirely with the native Coda di Volpe grape, this lean, linear wine has citrus peel and flinty mineral sensations alongside fresh acidity.
Tough cherry and plum aromas lead it off, followed by simple, semitart raspberry flavors. There's not much depth or complexity; the palate bounces along inoffensively, and the finish is quick and light. Clean and basic wine.
Calcareous has been doing a great job producing dry Bordeaux reds. This Cab, from west of Paso Robles, is rich and complex, and stands up well against some top Napa Valley Cabs. The alcohol is quite high, but it doesn't feel hot.
89-91. Barrel sample. Here is a smoky, juicy wine, its tannins soft and gentle while also showing ripe spice and mouthwatering acidity. The dry tannins at the end provide structure.
Scott Sisemore's small Belmont-based label pushes the lower-alcohol movement into the realm of Syrah, in this case producing a wine whose aromas are more like one of the appellation's Cabs, with juniper, pine, oregano, green and black olives and dried plums. Elderberries and those same herbal characters show on the palate, which some will love and others will find unfamiliar.
Strawberry, cherry and other red-fruits comprise a thin-styled bouquet, and pretty much the rest of the show follows suit. The palate is of medium weight, without much heft or structure. Flavors of red fruits are lean.
Underbrush, mint, rosemary and wild berry aromas lead the nose and follow through to the elegantly structured palate, along with accents of white pepper and orange zest. It's young and beautifully balanced thanks to firm acidity and assertive but fine-grained tannins. A mineral note closes the lingering finish. Drink 2016–2030.
Round, soft wine, its currant and peach fruits ripely integrated into the acidity. It has a touch of wood, although not enough to suppress the ebullient yellow fruit, finished with pink grapefruit.
Here's a delicious Gavi with aromas of white flowers, peach and tropical fruit. The palate delivers citrus and lime flavors along with a hint of pineapple and crisp, quenching acidity. Perfect for seafood. Saranty Imports, Pleasure Elite.
Leather-boot black in color, this fine Petite Sirah is distinctive in herbal, almost eucalyptus aromas and intensely huge blackberry fruit. Earthy and soft with curtains of tannin, the wine is a complex version of the variety, rich. Age it until 2017–2021 and see if the eucalyptus mellows or intensifies.
Persistent bubbles lead the way to aromas of citrus blossom, green apple and yeasty bread. There are flavors of apple juice and lemon preserves in the midpalate. The finish is pleasantly sweet.
Grassy cherry and red currant aromas start out raw and turn more muddled and cheesy-smelling with time. A choppy, acidic palate is fresh but unrefined, while sour citrus and raspberry flavors finish with zest.
To judge by the weight of the bottle, this wine is meant to be taken seriously. In fact, its wood aging is the only serious thing about this attractive, dense and fruity wine. It is finely structured with yellow fruits just supported by the toastiness. Drink the wine now.
Roederer takes the natural elegance of a blanc de blancs to an extra level. This is so stylish, its white fruit and lemon flavors are touched with the minerality, and the acidity is nearly absorbed into the texture of the wine. Like many Roederer vintages on release, this should be aged, so give it 4–5 years.
Here's a unique blend of two of Campania's little known grapes, Casavecchia and Pallagrello Nero. It opens with a pretty fragrance of blue flower, ripe berries and spice. The soft, round palate offers red berry and fleshy blackberry accented by cinnamon-toast notes. Drink soon.
Savory in aroma, richly fruity and accented with butter and vanilla, this wine has a complete package of flavors and an expert balance to accompany its creamy viscosity. It combines lightly toasty, earthy notes with generous pear and citrus flavors in a way that's unusual and compelling. Best after 2020.
Vigna del Mandorlo Dolcetto d'Alba opens with bright freshness and loads of cherry, blueberry, raspberry and toasted almond. The wine shows freshness that is balanced by smooth, velvety tannins.
This is a structured wine, with solid tannins as well as bright red fruits that are developing well. The structure and dry core will allow this single-vineyard wine to age well. Drink from 2019.
Herbs, red berries and blue flowers come together on this zesty young red while the lean tight palate offers sour cranberry, unripe cherry and sage alongside brisk acidity. The somewhat grainy tannins leave a firm finish.
There's no doubt this is done in what some critics might call a fruit-bomb style. But boy is it gorgeously made. The creamy-smooth mouthfeel and lush layers of flavors effortlessly carry palate-saturating notes of licorice and plum. Long on the finish, with a surprising degree of elegance. A blend of various growers' fruit vinified by winemaker Troy Kalleske. Drink now–2015.
Rich, spicy and deliciously fruity, it has tannins well cushioned by the ample blackberry flavors. Acidity preserves the wine's easy freshness, while it also has a dense texture. Drink now, but the wine will be richer in late 2014.
Subtle notes of crushed mineral and lime on the nose contrast the lush tangerine and orange flavors in this off-dry, concentrated wine. It's harmoniously sweet, balanced neatly by strikes of steel and acid that tighten the finish. Drink now through 2019.
This wine is equal parts Merlot and Cabernet Franc, topped off with Petit Verdot (4%). Hailing from Dineen, Olsen, Stone Tree, Sheridan and Kiona vineyards, it offers aromas of herb, vanilla, and slightly raisinated-seeming fruit. Plush, rich flavors cap it off.
Purity and precision abound in this exceptionally light-footed sweet Riesling. It's buoyantly fruity, bolstered by waves of ripe white peach, pear and yellow-plum flavors. The finish feels edged by a fine filigree of lime acidity. Drink now through 2026 to capture its youthful exuberance.
Generic plum and berry aromas are compact. On the palate, this is tight and blocky in feel, like a brick of cement. Raspberry and plum flavors are limited and dense, while this tastes of mild oak on a slightly hot and fiery finish.
Here's a Manzoni (a cross between Riesling and Pinot Bianco) with a toastier, more structured approach. It delivers notes of peach, apricot, melon and roasted almond and makes a fresh, lively impression on the palate.
Simple and sugary sweet with pineapple and mango fruit.
Deliciously fruity but also well-structured, this full-bodied wine has excellent concentration and good balance. Effusive aromas of blueberry and black cherry lead to opulent but not overripe berry flavors that are lightly accented by clove and cinnamon nuances.
Crisp acidity and a cool minerality, like liquid granite, give this wine elegance and complexity. It's rich in tropical fruits, peaches, pears, buttercream and vanilla, with oaky notes of buttered toast and caramel. What a fancy wine to have with Chardonnay-friendly fare, like lobster, crab or scallops in cream sauce.
What's so likeable about this Pinot is its dryness, silkiness and elegance. It shows a cool-climate structure, with a bite of acidity and fine tannins, and tantalizing flavors of raspberries, cherries, cola and minerals. Should develop in the bottle over the next six years.
Too hot and overripe, with a raisiny edge to the chocolate and blackberry flavors. The official alcohol is 15.5%.
Good raspberry, cola, vanilla, sweet oak and spice flavors in this silky Pinot Noir. It's a little off in texture, though, with overly aggressive acidity. But it's a pretty nice Pinot.
Made largely from Pinot Noir, this bubbly has rich flavors of cherries, yeast and smoke. Ten percent Chardonnay adds a lemony brightness. Drink now.
This vineyard-designate Barbaresco features aromas of espresso, toasted oak and baked black fruit. The palate offers roasted coffee bean, vanilla and dried cherry alongside drying wood tannins.
Made with 100% Chardonnay, this sparkler opens with aromas of yellow apple, toasted nut and breadcrumb. The bright palate offers pear, citrus and walnut alongside small, vivacious bubbles.
Rubbery, drawn aromas include smoky black fruits and red licorice. A firm, full mouthfeel rings in racy, tangy flavors of plum and berry that turn woody, spicy and dry on the finish.
Bright red cherry fruit marks this dry, tartly crisp Merlot. It has additional flavors of cola and sweet toasty oak. Easy to drink now and should pair well with weeknight fare, like burgers, tacos and pizza.
Let this wine open in the bottle or glass to reveal a mix of spicy cinnamon, dark chocolate and berry crumble that's entirely inviting. Soft in texture, the body is full and generous in weight and length, representative of its mountain roots.
Put this wine through its paces and see if you also find overdone oak and salty resin as well as tangy but bulky fruit, herbal hints and bouncy acidity. It gets better with airing, which leads us to believe that this wine's best days are still ahead of it.
Very dry, a lean, austere Chardonnay currently marked by aloof flavors of lemons, limes and oak. Yet there's something going on. As the wine warms in the glass it becomes richer, showing hidden pineapple tart, macadamia and crème brûlée. Firm, minerally acidity is there throughout, making for a mouthwatering cleanliness. Drink this streamlined, Chablis-like wine now–2013.
90-92 Perfumed, with layers of dry botrytis, this is powerful and potentially hugely rich. It has solidity, depth and great structure, but remains fresh.
This opulent, powerful wine has weight, richness and a beautiful creamy texture. It's built to age, from its wood aging to its minerality. Concentrated, it offers yellow fruits shot through with acidity. From the grandest Chardonnay vineyard in Burgundy, it will age well and be ready to drink from 2026.
Close to the village of Aloxe-Corton, this vineyard is one of the smallest of the Corton grand crus. This wine, still fresh while also closed up with tannins, is dark, structured and has the potential to age many years. Intense red-berry acidity and a tight, dry core still convey youthfulness. Drink this impressive wine from 2022.
All varietal, this wine offers aromas of cocoa, fresh herbs, cassis, cranberry and licorice. The flavors are sweet and high octane, with an open finish.
Generous ripe fruit is found on a wine packed with cherry and raspberry flavors. Hints of banana appear along with the vintage's signature tannic structure. Keep for 6–9 months.
The oak overpowers the limes and mangoes. Despite mouthwatering acidity, the wine is dominated by butterscotch and buttered cinnamon toast.
Very dry, with tart flavors of lemons and grapefruits. The problems are that the fruity concentration is diluted, and the acidity is soft and flabby. Not a bad wine, but you can do better for the price.
This is the first vintage under its new owner, the American Stephen Adams. It's relatively soft, with black currant fruits, given a delicious lift by some tight tannins. The acidity gives freshness, a zap to the dry, firm finish.
French oak, coconut and oak-driven spice aromas emerge in the glass. The racy palate is leaner than previous vintages but still offers yellow apple skin and candied citrus zest flavors and firm acidity. It closes on a bitter note of raw almond.
An aromatically brooding wine with notes of cherry, black pepper and barrel spices. It's full bodied with rich flavors and a cranberry lick on the finish.
Done in a ripe fruity style, this offers fresh Meyer lemon and grapefruit flavors. Both flesh and rind come into play, with a nice balance as it moves into the finish. It concludes with a touch of phenolic bitterness.
Long-time Cloudy Bay winemaker Kevin Judd has been out on his own for several vintages, and this is a fine effort. The characteristic herbal, grassy elements of Marlborough are present, but toned-down, making this wine an easier fit with a variety of foodstuffs. A pleasant plumpness to the mouthfeel turns dry and chalky on the long finish.
Sweet and soft, with ripe melon and pear flavors that somehow never seem cloying, instead remaining harmonious through the finish. Drink now.
Generic red fruit and milk chocolate aromas precede a tangy palate with a fairly high acid-to-body ratio. This tastes of tart red plum, with a hint of chocolate; it's short, crisp and quaffable. Novo Imports and Aidil Wines & Liquors.
Beautiful focus and bright complexity characterize this northern Italian blend of Riesling, Pinot Bianco and Sauvignon. Soft layers of stone fruit, citrus and melon give the wine momentum. Enosi would pair with creamy risotto di scampi.
While it is full-bodied, this rosé is also freshly structured, the acidity giving a refreshing character to the berry fruits. The wine is perfumed, with a touch of spice, vanilla and an orange zest aftertaste.
The bouquet opens with touches of candied fruit, lemon zest and cola, followed by red fruit and spice notes. It has a thick, velvety mouthfeel.
A sexy nose with nuances of mineral, pear and apricot cut by high floral tones leads to a crisp, more straightforward palate with a lush texture. Moderate acidity makes it a good choice for consuming without food. A dollar or two more than its competitors and worth every penny.
Aromas of dried apricot, almond and pressed jasmine lead the nose. The firm palate offers fig, chestnut honey and a hint of baking spice. Pair it with vanilla ice cream or cream filled pastry.
Using fruit that was sourced from the high altitude vineyards of Barbabecchi, Guardiola and Tartaraci, this bottling opens with a penetrating dark-fruit note, plus delicate aromas of spice and black earth. It shows impressive, bright acidity.
In a shrinking domain (wines for under $10), this junior-league Malbec shows sweet, jammy aromas and legitimate berry flavors. And that alone puts it ahead of the game. The palate is basically a mish-mash of berry flavors and raw tannins, but with food, preferably hamburgers or ribs, it will do the trick.
While this wine is full, it has an indistinct character. A soft texture and only light fruitiness leave a dull impression.
This muscular, stout Monastrell sweet wine is all aces. Blackberry, cassis and fine oak aromas precede a sensationally smooth palate that's full of toffee, chocolate, coffee, pepper, blackberry and cassis flavors. A long, warm, impeccably balanced finish is pure and delicious. Drink through 2025.
The Sousão grape, normally only used in rare blends, has produced here a dark-colored wine packed with smoky tannins. Its fruit and intense acidity are dwarfed by its impressive structure. Age the wine at least until 2019.
A blend of equal parts of Merlot, Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Sangiovese, this opens with mature blackberry, cedar and underbrush aromas. The juicy, creamy palate delivers black cherry, black currant, mint and tobacco flavors, with velvety tannins and a long finish. Enjoy through 2028.
Showing some of the richness and structure of Vosne-Romanée, this is a concentrated wine, spiked with wood aging while also full of dark plum fruits. It is still integrating, bringing the spice from the wood more into balance. Drink from 2015.
Funky notions of yeast still cloud the nose. The palate gives us tense, concentrated lemon and tangerine zest at first but you feel that there is more strength, almost raw force, at the core of this that still needs to develop and work out its balance. This is a big wine, energetic and dry, intense and generous but not yet fully fledged. Drinking it now would rob it of its as of yet untapped essence. For now it is lemon purity that holds sway but there will be so much more. Cellar from 2022–2035, at least.
This is an exceptionally young wine, still tight, textured and mineral. The potential shows in the white fruits, lemon crispness and rich background. It's full of both fruit and a firm, steely structure. Drink from 2017.
The varieties in the blend include Grenache Blanc, Roussanne and Viognier. They come together to offer hints of pineapple, pear and citrus. There's a silky texture on the palate, then a clean, crisp finish.
This wine's honeysuckle-tinged nose comes with zesty grapefruit freshness. The palate is aroamtic, light and dry, with a slightly short but very clean finish. A lovely, light-bodied wine for spring and summer.
A wine that just hints at its enormous future. It is opulent, rich, rounded, full of quince, spice, layers of honey and apricots. It is gorgeous without losing any freshness. Keep for seven years.
This opens with sweet fruit tones of honeydew, ripe peach and apricot. The full, generous mouthfeel is quite loveable.
With a combination of jammy red plums, berry fruits and a farmyard edginess, this is ripe, warm-climate Pinot Noir. Its texture has some tannin, but it's mostly soft and rounded. For aging over 3–5 years.
This rich selection is made from the Dão's own white grape, Encruzado. It is a smooth, lime- and orange-flavored wine that's touched by toast and lifted by acidity. It's food-friendly, textured and layered with fruit and light tannins.
Wow, what a beautiful wine and what an attractively low price. Rubio offers excellent value with deeply fruity tones of cherry, blackberry and cassis. Spice, leather and tobacco fill in the back and the wine is smooth, generous and silky.
Elegant and structured, this opens with exquisite scents of cedar, chopped herb, pressed rose, menthol and perfumed berry. The luminous palate is loaded with finesse, delivering bright red cherry, chopped red raspberry, licorice, clove and mineral. Firm, refined tannins and vibrant acidity provide impeccable balance and support. Hold for even more complexity. Drink 2018 through 2030.
This luminous, ruby-colored Rosso delivers aromas of cherry, ripe berry fruit and sweet vanilla. There's a soft, modern touch here that has been shaped by oak aging and you'll taste background flavors of smoke and spice.
The heavy bottle indicates the importance attached to this wine by its producer. Structured and full bodied, it bursts with crisp fruits, mineral acidity and a touch of herbaceousness. Keep it until late 2014 to broaden out.
Fresh and honest, this unoaked Chard has got a zingy lemon theme that permeates nose, palate and finish. Medium-bodied and crisp, an excellent choice for flounder in a lemon sauce. Drink now.
From Reguengos de Monsaraz in southern Alentejo, this is packed with superripe, powerful fruit. It is balanced and laced with acidity. Its great richness is foiled by the carefully etched black currant and plum flavors. Ready to drink now.
Tannic and dry, this has cherry-berry flavors that finish with a touch of tobacco and spice. Ready to drink now.
Held back, for some reason, for more than six years, this wine is showing beautifully now. Exhibits really fine structure, with firm but soft tannins and good acidity framing blackberry, cherry, cola and sandalwood flavors that are just on the verge of turning complex in the way of old wines. Should continue to evolve in interesting ways over the next 3–5 years.
Aromatic hints of russet and yellow pear appear first, followed by lemon freshness. The palate holds all of these, accentuating the freshness with a touch of fine spritz. White pepper shimmers around the edges and the slightest phenoloc grip creates a fresh and slender body. This has a light touch but a lastingly clean finish.
If anyone can elevate Oregon's already excellent Chardonnays to the next level, it's Jacques Lardière, who makes Résonance for Louis Jadot after four decades at their winery in Burgundy. This nutty toasty chiseled wine has impeccable breeding, power and elegance. White peach, pear and apple fruit is wrapped in lush barrel flavors of caramel, buttered toast and vanilla wafer, with firm acids for a foundation. Drink now and on through 2025.
Crisp with acidity and yeasty on the palate with a sourdough tartness, this is a polished bubbly with interesting flavors of limes and strawberries. The mousse is a bit rough. Drink now.
This is a fulfilling unoaked, organic wine from Chile's cool Casablanca Valley. This quaffable Chard focuses on pure citrus, grapefruit and peach flavors. There's a touch of natural sweetness but with no oak there's no butter, fat or flab. Breaks the mold and opens the door to a whole other style of Chardonnay.
Pretty, delicate and soft, initial scents of redcherry and strawberry carry through to the lightweight easygoing plate. It's fresh and easy to like, with good zip to the finish.
This crisp, clean, lightly herbal wine has apple and grapefruit flavors that come through intense acidity. Bright with ripe fruit, the wine is ready to drink.
Well structured, this ripe and fruity wine is impressive in its structure. It has smoky flavors, acidity from the red fruits and a firm lining of tannins. Aromatic and rich, still firm and dry, it should age but can be drunk now.
“Cadenzia” is a name McLaren Vale winemakers have earmarked for Grenache-based blends. This one is 60% Grenache, which gives a soft, round, cuddly feel to the wine. The balance of the blend is equally split between Tempranillo and Shiraz, resulting in aromas of cherries laced with cinnamon, dusty earth and mocha. Drink now.
Fragrant and fresh, this sleek red offers scents of wild berry and just-picked violet. The smooth palate provides juicy red cherry, crushed raspberry and a hint of spice alongside bright acidity and supple tannins. Enjoy now.
Berry fruit aromas blend nicely with cola, forest, toast and barrel aromas. It's crisp yet deep in the mouth, with smacking tannins and just enough cushion to soften things up. Minty and woody tasting, with berry, tobacco and peppery flavors on the palate and finish.
Not a simple refreshment, this has a deep pink color tinged with copper. In aroma and flavor it's almost as substantive as a red wine. It has plummy, rich and slightly earthy aromas, a smooth mouthfeel, and soft cherry and spice flavors.
Sweet-seeming oak aromas and flavors mingle with ripe fruit notes in this full-bodied, soft-textured and well-priced wine.
From a southwest slope facing the village of Mád, this sweet Tokaji is earthier then the Nyulászó, but also has scents of brown sugar, clove and dried figs. Medium-bodied and complex in the mouth, with citrus, earth and honey flavors, the acidity gives good backing and a citric finish. Imported by Wilson Daniels Ltd.
Black cherry, leather, tar and nose-tickling clove aromas mix with a tad of green pepper on the nose of this signature bottling. The wine is very elegant in structure and memorable in flavors of peppercorn and cherry pie, all while retaining an acidic tartness.
Round and rich on the palate, with an intensely floral, marmalade tone, Bloomer Creek's late October-harvested wine from Morehouse Road boasts a palate that's rich and honeyed, yet surprisingly dry in style. Curiously spiced with musky incense, it finishes long, on a delicious orange pekoe tea note.
Contadino 8 is a fetish wine for serious collectors of new experiences in natural and organic wines. Made with fruit from different vintages, it opens with a light ruby color and aromas of raw grapes, red candy, white pepper and dried apple. It is crisp, smooth and silky on the close.
Raspberries with hints of cranberry dominate this juicy but structured wine. This is a wine that shows a very elegant style, certainly not forceful, but deliciously direct.
Faint and restrained notes of rose petal and orange peel make for an inviting scent. On the dry and very slender, almost weightless, palate the power of lemon freshness pervades all and highlights notions of honeysuckle and rose. It's a gentle, fresh, and aromatic wine.
Aromas of candle wax, corn and sweat are funky and oily. Speaking of oily, the texture on this Viognier is just that, while sharp acidity and heavily extracted pyrazines make this fiery. A mash-up of citrus and nectarine flavors turn slightly bitter in front of a monotonous finish.
This Bill Foley wine shows raspberry syrup, cherry jelly, Earl Grey tea and wet slate on the nose. It's very smooth and approachable once sipped, proving quite juicy but with enough chipped graphite and chopped sage to keep it serious.
This base Barolo from Bric Cenciurio offers everything you should look for in an excellent Nebbiolo from the Langhe, Piedmont. The wine is delicate and layered with soft shadings of berry fruit and spice. The mouthfeel is supple but determined with a blast of berry freshness on the close.
This rich offering from central Italy opens with a pretty floral fragrance of iris and lilac, along with notes of espresso and toast. The palate is soft and round, with ripe plum, blackberry, coffee, vanilla and a dusting of cocoa.
Starts out grapey and big, but soon it finds its focus. The palate is wide and fruity, with balanced tannins and acidity propping up black grape and blackberry flavors. There's some smack to the finish, but the berry flavor is prime and the wine gets better with air. One of Tamaya's best Cabs to date. Imported by Ecovalley Quality Wine Group and National Refrescos Import Company, LLC.
This pretty Pecorino opens with bright tones of apricot and honey followed by a thick, viscous mouthfeel. Pair it with asparagus or creamy artichoke risotto.
There's a meaty element of cured beef or bresaola upfront that is followed by thick aromas of mature cherry and blackberry tart. You'll also detect some earthy or animal like notes and the wine is informal, thin and crisp in the mouth.
Very tart and crisp, like biting into a green apple and adding a squeeze of lime. Pure unadulterated Chardonnay fruit that tastes similar to an unoaked Macon or Chablis. From Wölffer.
This very underripe expression of Pinot Noir will win hardcore fans of that style. Tart raspberry meets with green peppercorns, underbrush and Kalamata olives on the nose. The palate is also full of olives, from Kalamata to green, with damp sagebrush, forest floor and more green-peppercorn flavors.
An interesting wine that's a blend of Malbec and Cabernet Sauvignon, maybe the only one in the state. Dry and softly tannic, it shows complex blackberry and cedar flavors. Could be a bit more concentrated, but it's a polished, elegant sipper.
Restrained and elegant, this is a wine on the austere side, its acidity dominant along with a firm, dry aftertaste. Produced by the other Machard de Gramont estate.
Fresh and fragrant, this cheerful Moscato d'Asti offers sweet tones of peach, lemon mousse and white flower backed by soft foam on the finish. It's an easy dessert wine with loads of aromatic intensity.
Bellussi's Extra Dry Prosecco is exceedingly smooth and easygoing thanks to the impressive creaminess of its texture. There's a playful touch of sweetness here that is reinforced by fragrant aromas of lemon blossom and white peach.
Sommeliers will appreciate this Chardonnay for its dryness and elegance, not to mention the price. It favors restraint over flamboyance, yet offers plenty of rich tropical and citrus fruits, with hints of honey and minerals. The alcohol is refreshingly balanced.
Over the years, Altimus—a blend of Malbec, Cabernet and Tannat—has been all over the map. This vintage is quite good, with burly aromas of bacon, balsam wood, campfire and black fruit. It's a load in the mouth, where minty, lemony oak flavors vie with blackberry and foresty herb notes. Leather and tobacco flavors appear on the feisty finish.
Underbrush, leather, scorched earth, ripe black-skinned berry and a whiff of sweet baking spice abound on this. The big bold palate offers layers of ripe Morello cherry, raspberry jam, cinnamon, vanilla and a confectionary note. Hearty, somewhat grainy tannins grip the finish. Drink from 2017 through 2022.
Freshly buttered toast with a thin coating of marmalade comes to mind when sniffing this wine that also shows a touch of cinnamon and Meyer-lemon juice on the nose. The riper, rounded palate offers yellow apples dipped in caramel, sea salt and cinnamon, which pops again on the back end.
Zesty orange and tangerine rinds are marked with honey and sweet spice on the nose of this exuberant off-dry Riesling. Ripe peach, melon and yellow-cherry flavors are lush and sweet on the palate, but countered with a jolt of lime and lemon acidity. It's a beautifully nuanced wine that's effortlessly tasty.
Plum and blackberry aromas are fresh, while the palate on this fruity red is round and chewy. Blackberry and mild herbal notes make for a nice, familiar flavor profile, while the finish is solid and holds form.
Starts off with some broader notes of smoke and ripe pears, but quickly shows a crisper, sterner side—apples and citrus, with strident lemony notes playing a prominent role on the finish. It has enough freshness to cut through rich fish dishes.
From a parcel of vines in the Meursault village appellation, this attractive, soft wine has ripe grapefruit and pear flavors to go with the crisp acidity and the lightest touch of wood. Drink from 2015.
Strawberry and raspberry Kool-Aid aromas are sweet and bright on the nose. The light-bodied palate continues to show sweet berry tones, leading to a short, peppered finish.
This Priorat-like blend of 50% Grenache, 28% Syrah, and 22% Mourvèdre is pungent and spicy, with a bit of menthol in the nose. Supple and luxurious fruit, a mix of raspberry and black fruits, baking spices, sweet barrel flavors. Powerful and rich, this is a big wine with tobacco and clove highlights and a little heat in the finish.
Packed with juicy fruit flavors that recall a tart lemon drop or limoncello cocktail, this low-alcohol beauty retains its powerful acidity even as a dollop of residual sugar softens it. It's full and round, with both power and precision.
Atypically dark in color, this brassy Châteauneuf blanc comes across as aromatically muted. Then it's very neutral in flavor, with ample breadth but lacking in richness and depth. It's something of a conundrum.
A rustic wine with some sharp elbows, but there's enough berry, licorice, soy sauce and grilled beef flavor to satisfy. With sturdy tannins, it's a nice barbecue wine.
Dry and full-bodied, this is a sound, everyday style Cabernet to drink now. It's a little weedy and minty, but has enough flavors of blackberries, currants and oak to satisfy.
Made entirely from organically grown Sangiovese, this opens with red plum, new leather and underbrush aromas. The full-bodied palate delivers crushed raspberry, black cherry, pipe tobacco and a hint of black pepper, with polished tannins providing backbone. Drink through 2022.
Finely structured and aromatic, this is initially dense before opening up with ripe yellow fruit, becoming balanced by orange- and tangerine-like acidity. It has a young, zesty texture that pairs with the rich concentration, promising to age over 3–4 years.
A successful expression of Sauvignon Blanc, this has good structure, density and staying power. It delivers stone fruit, citrus, pear, exotic fruit flavors, with touches of spice and green herb on the crisp close.
Tart and acidic, this does not entirely disguise its green-bean scents with aging in French oak, 30% new. That sweet oak sticks out, but the tannins are chalky and the fruit hard to find.
This appellation blend is one of the more well-rounded Sauvignon Blancs on the market, with dried lime, Anjou pear, herb and apple cider scents on the nose. The palate is both grassy and mineral, its wet pavement flavors intertwined with pine needle and grapefruit pith.
The nose is mildly pickled, most likely a result of American oak barrels, but overall the wine is pretty and easygoing. The flavors of sugar beet and plum skin are good, and the tannic body ensures that it's not a lightweight eager to be knocked out in the early rounds. Best Buy.
This feels mildly citric, with limited portions of lemon, apple and peach making up the flavor profile. Mild on the finish.
A blend of Baga and Cabernet Sauvignon, this is a powerful wine. Densely tannic and firmly dry, it is also rich and structured. The acidity from the black currant fruitiness shows strongly. It is not a shy wine, all guns blazing. It is a shame about the heavy bottle. Drink from 2018.
This beautifully perfumed wine offers an appealing combination of red berry fruits, fragrant acidity and a firmer, dry background. The wine is already deliciously juicy and fruity, although its dry tannins and concentration promise further aging. Drink from 2018.
A smooth and creamy wine, this shows warmth that is balanced by a brighter, crisper lemon and green apple flavors. Already attractive with great fruitiness, it is refreshing while textured and likely to age well through 2016.
This luminous, ruby-colored Bardolino opens with sweet berry aromas that recall bright raspberry, blueberry and wild strawberry. The bouquet is bright, polished and refined and the wine performs nicely in the mouth where it delivers an enduring sensation of freshness. Pair this wine with appetizers and fried finger foods.
Good everyday Pinot, showing the racy acidity and silk-and-taffeta mouthfeel of the appellation and vintage. Bone dry and a little thin in cherry fruit, its tartness calls for food. Ahi tuna tartare will be nice.
This is a Bordeaux-style blend based on the two Cabernets, Sauvignon and Franc. It's made in the modern style, soft, ripe and oaky. Floods the mouth with black cherry and raspberry flavors, sweetened with caramelized oak, and undeniably delicious. However, a combination of high alcohol and excessive softness seems to limit ageability, so enjoy over the next few years.
This is a tank-fermented wine from the King's Ridge Vineyard overlooking the Pacific Ocean. A big, intense expression of the variety, it's burly in black fruit and proffers a taste of coconut macaroon.
There is immense dark depth to the nose of this blend of 75% Cabernet Sauvignon, 15% Syrah, 5% Petite Sirah and 5% Malbec. It shows tar, cocoa and elderberry on the nose at first, then reveals even deeper waves of black cherry and dark spice. The tannins are dense on the sip, where blackberry and elegant licorice flavors reign. This one will last a long time. Drink 2018–2028.
While certainly ripe and fruity, this wine is also structured—its generosity tempered by intense acidity, crisp apple-skin notes and a mineral texture. The result is a full wine that needs a little time to soften. Drink from 2014.
Crisp and fruity, this wine is full of apple and citrus flavors. It also features a touch of wood and spice, with a creamy aftertaste from the light wood aging. Drink now.
A good Cabernet for the price. It's made for drinking now, with ripe blackberry and cherry fruit flavors, kissed with smoky oak.
A soft, wood-aged wine. It feels rich and open with almond and melon flavors. A warm wine, still closed and needing to develop in the bottle for a year to bring out its intensity.
Mealy aromas suggest that this wine is past its peak. The palate is unbalanced, with flavors of bell pepper and green fruit, showing hints tropical fruit. Drink now.
Hailing from 1970s plantings, this wine is directly appealing with aromas of corn silk, candy corn, caramel and spice. The palate is sleek in style with plump peach flavors. Try it with crab.
This has the seriousness of a fine Napa Cabernet Sauvignon, but it's lighter, with flavors of cherry pie filling, cola and sandalwood. It feels just perfect on the palate, with a fantastic tannin-acid structure. Drink now with grilled steak.
A black, solid wine, spiced heavily with wood but still showing blackberry flavors, textured with plum skins. The wine feels warm and ripe, finishing with black cherries and lingering softness.
ensations include white flowers, juicy white peach, green apple, mango, and toasted almond. The supple palate is supported by crisp acidity that leaves a refreshing finish.
Castello del Poggio's Dolcetto offers interesting aromas that recall ripe fruit, prune, spice and barbecue smoke. The wine is lean and streamlined on the palate with bright acidity and a pristine berry-flavored finish. Pair it with fried mozzarella sticks.
This Verdejo is fruity and tropical on the bouquet. In the mouth, it's plump and smooth, with just enough acidic bite to keep things zesty. Flavors of melon, peach and pear finish solid and fairly long.
Decidedly savory on the nose, this is stippled with hints of pepper, smoke and leather, all accenting the core of boysenberry and blackberry. The firm tannins and balanced acids create a shell for the dark fruit flavors, and the structure stays strong throughout the finish. Let this one breathe in the glass; with air, the palate fills out.
The wine is ripe and full of blackberry fruits. It has serious tannins still although these are well balanced by the fruitiness. The firm structure and wood aging flavor will soften over the next few years. Drink from 2020.
The pairing possibilities with this wine seem endless: seafood of all kinds, chicken, pasta salad, maybe pork, but it'd also make perfect sense to drink it as an aperitif. Clean and dry in the mouth, mineral and chalk are at the fore, with lime pith, soy and grass underneath. Finishes medium-long, with more of the same.
Complex from the first sniff, where it seems herbal, briary and even a bit peppery but simultaneously bacony, spicy and laced with red cherries. On the palate, it's mostly about sous-bois and spice, with just enough cherry fruit for balance. Briary and a bit drying on the finish, but the bet here is that this wine will age superbly. Try after 2010. Imported by Vintus LLC.
Stewed plums and black cherry preserve notes dusted with hints of chocolate and smoke are enjoyable, but there's a vein of leafy green and a touch of sourness that distracts from this wine's otherwise ample ripeness.
Perhaps because of its slow, natural fermentation in large casks and the resulting lees contact, this wine shows a bit of toasty, mealy character and a slightly creamy texture. It's a weighty Riesling (for the Mosel, anyway), with ripe notes of peach complementing citrus fruit and a dry, stony finish.
This wine is based on Sangiovese, with a tiny splash of Cabernet Sauvignon, and it's aged for 12 months in old and new oak barrels. It shows a savory side, with notes of candied fruit, prune, raisin and smoked meat. Drink now.
Cocoa, vanilla and baking spice aromas intertwine with cranberry, black licorice, herb and dark fruit on a wine with a very distinctive aromatic profile. The cranberry and cherry flavors are quite soft for the variety, seeming a touch dried out at times but showing a pleasing sense of balance.
The Cuvelier family of Léoville-Poyferré owns this property. The wine shows in the dense, ripe fruit, with dusty tannins and concentration. The fruit is generous, but it has good dry tannins to give it shape as well as depth of flavor. A wine to age 10–12 years, but certainly drinkable sooner.
92-94 Barrel sample. A shiny, ripe and fresh wine, its tannins neatly merged into the blackcurrant fruits. Delicious and fresh, but also sweet.
The delicate pétillance and soft, lingering mousse of this wine exemplify Sparkling Pointe's house style. Crisp apple, pear and lemon flavors are approachable and fresh but nuanced by shades of cream, nut and pastry. Zesty acidity highlights a brisk, impeccably clean finish.
This shows evolved aromas of stewed plum, resin, varnish and leather with a whiff of vanilla. The palate offers dried black cherry steeped in spirits, black pepper, notes of espresso, mocha and baking spice alongside soft, muted tannins. Drink through 2018.
Bone dry, fruity and tannic, this pleasant Syrah has complex flavors of berries, cherries, grilled meat, pepper and smoky oak. Substantial in body, if a bit tough and astringent in tannins. Needs rich meats and cheeses. Could even improve in the cellar for a few years.
Stony citrus aromas blend with green notes and lees-based vanilla. This is lean and citrusy on the tongue, with nectarine, citrus and green-herb flavors. A zesty finish is a bit shallow, but overall this fresh wine is easy to like.
Frankly sweet, and somewhat oily in texture, this is low in alcohol (7.5%) but high in sugar and ripeness, bringing tropical fruits like mango and papaya to mind.
The intriguing nose presents juicy grape candy, but in a serious way, with black licorice and maduro cigar notes. It's lighter than expected once sipped, but strong flavors of smoked meats and boysenberry fruit touch all parts of the palate.
Pointed, powerful aromas of herbs, olive and tobacco scream Chile. The palate on this blend of Syrah and Cabernet is moderately complex, albeit a bit clipped. Cassis, red plum, herbs and tobacco dominate the flavor profile, while the finish is smooth, with zero heat or bite. Drink through 2015.
With a soft, expressive mouthfeel, it has classic Cabernet flavors of black currants, plus oaky, chocolaty notes, and finishes dry. The tannins are pretty strong, but it's not likely that this is an ager. Drink through 2016.
A dry wine, firmly tannic, although also with acidity and black currant fruit. Spices and licorice add interest, while the tannins finish this attractive wine.
Earth, leather and tomato are accents to the dry, lean bouquet. The wine is expectedly juicy and tight, with snappy raspberry and cherry flavors. It shows clean lines and an unbreakable personality; elegant, juicy and firm. Drink now–2009.
Tannic and chewy, with a leathery flavor that keeps the fruit at bay. With so many vineyard designates, the Ethos series and other high-end bottlings coming from Ste. Michelle, the Artist Series seems to take a back seat. It's diffuse, tannic and simply does not stand with its peers.
There's the slightest hint of matchstick at the start that initially takes away from the integrity of the fruit. It blows off soon enough to reveal a soft, foamy sparker with bright notes of sweet peach, citrus and fresh flowers.
Structured yet refined, this opens with lovely, understated aromas of red berry, violet and a whiff of exotic spice. The palate is more expressive, delivering mouthwatering black cherry, vanilla, mocha and black pepper alongside a firmly tannic backbone. It closes on a licorice note. Drink 2016–2021.
Yellow plum and fresh lemon seem to have an earthy tinge and some bitter edges on the palate. But this wine still offers lively enough fruit and some texture.
Medium-intense scents of black plum- and cherry-skin lead the way on the nose of this rich wine. The palate is dense, with mouthcoating tanning that retail their grip through the tight finish. The fruit is secondary to the structure.
Marked by very ripe raspberry, cherry and strawberry flavors, this Pinot also shows a lot of smoky oak influences. It's dry, with good tannins and acidity. Not going anywhere, so drink over the next three years.
A handsome vein of toasted oak flavor runs through this opulently ripe wine from the aroma to the lingering finish. Along the way firm tannins and bright acidity buoy up the lavishly concentrated blackberry and boysenberry elements to present a dry, nicely textured and appetizingly tannic wine.
Rather underripe, with herbal aromas and flavors beside riper notes of blackberries, and dry, green tannins. There are some pretty flavors, but they drink semi-sweet, and finish short and simple.
Interesting Argentine Cabernet, with rooty, baked aromas that settle in and impress if given time. The palate is balanced by subtle red-fruit and earthy flavors, while the feel is stocky and grabby courtesy of strong tannins. A good wine with a lot of positives.
Bottled in a lovely 500 ml bottle, with a label of cut paper with butterflies, this was barrel fermented in neutral oak. It's a beautiful color, a coppery salmon, much like rosé de Provence (where winemaker Virginie Bourgue is from). It's dry and fruity, but more complex than most newly released rosés, with light berry fruits, a lovely texture, and a finish that suggests malted milk chocolate candy.
88—90 Barrel sample. A spicy, wood laden wine, kept afloat with ripe blackberries and fresh tannins. Excellent acidity to keep the wine buoyant.
This bottling is leveled by 10% Roussanne, and shows ripe yellow peach, honeydew melon, honeyed toast, pear custard and a slight cashew-like marzipan on the fairly dense nose. Rounded flavors of pear, melon, mango and honey dust comprise the palate.
The scent of citrus peel gets this wine started. There's a light spritz to the palate, then bland, salty flavors take over. It offers a hint of citrus on the finish but mostly brine and salt.
Light and crisp, this is a delicious green-fruited wine that has a crisp texture and lively acidity. Screwcap.
Ultra-fruity, offering waves of ripe black cherries, plums, red currants and cola, accented with sweet, vanilla-scented oak. Good and dry, with rich tannins, but would benefit from greater restraint and subtlety. Drink now.
This fruity red wine is one of Portugal's best sellers. Along with its red fruit and attractive acidity it is soft with just an edge of tannins. Drink this young wine now.
This wine calls itself “a bit slutty” in its marketing materials and yes, like a high-priced call girl, it's long on perfume and smoke. From there, this gigantic, mind-stopping wine is mouth-filling in vanilla, blackberry, oak and chocolate. You'll need a cigarette after you're done.
Floral and not overpowering in style, with good red-fruit aromas. Feels smooth and silky, not edgy, with tasty berry flavors touched up by a dollop of oak and chocolate. A fresh, easy wine to sip by the glass or with casual tapas.
Starts out fine and impressive, but as this wine breathes a certain imbalance emerges. There's a green unripeness to the blackberries and cherries, although the wine does exhibit fine tannins and a balanced approach to oak. Drink now.
This wine is a blend of Two Blondes Cabernet Franc (50%), Benches Merlot (34%) and Dionysus Cabernet Sauvignon. Appealing scents of green herb, dark cherry and barrel spice are followed by plentiful cranberry and cherry flavors. It shows an exquisite sense of balance along with a lengthy finish.
Smells strongly of lemongrass, and this character carries over onto the palate, which is flavored by lemon, pear and herbs. Feels a bit heavy in the mouth, but finishes clean and lemony.
This rich wine is dense with dark tannins and concentrated structure. The vineyard, with cool winds from the valley behind, gives wines that demand aging with their tannins and fragrant fruit. The aftertaste is full of promise. Drink after 2022.
Light purple in hue, it presents appealing notes of huckleberry, plum and barrel spices. It's on the lighter side of medium-bodied, with tart fruit flavors and astringent tannins.
Grapy aromas seem simple at first, but with time tarry black plum and citrus peel notes emerge. This is very tannic, arguably a bit too much so. Plum, blackberry and chocolate flavors end with a reverb of hard tannins. For best results, give this as much air as possible.
This wine is concentrated, richly textured and full of great dark fruit character. It smells like plump blackberries and raspberries, tastes ripe, lush in the mouth, and lingering on the finish. What's more, it has very good balance, full body and well-integrated tannins.
Opens with mild green, minty aromas that suggest tobacco, Middle Eastern spice and basic black fruit. The palate seizes control with grabby tannins and monolithic but unwavering grape and black-fruit flavors. Hard and tannic especially on the finish, with lingering lemony oak. A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Carmenère, Monastrell and Tempranillo.
This Riserva Chianti Classico shows simple sweet cherry flavors packed within a clean, polished package. It's an easygoing wine that would pair with light meat or chicken dishes.
An herbaceous citrus quality opens the bouquet of this elegant Moscato Giallo. But there's subtle complexity here as well with slight accents of cinnamon and dried ginger. In the mouth, the wine is dense and waxy in feel.
From a top vintage year, this LBV has a fine richness and dry core to its blackberry-jelly and spice flavors. Despite being softened by wood aging, it could withstand a few more years in bottle.
Despite its light color, this wine's aromas pop with notes of flowers, orange peel, red currant and earth. Grapes largely come from River Rock Vineyard. The fruit flavors are light and delicate with the oak pulled way back. It's a very pretty expression of the variety.
Racy acidity and oak-inspired lemon, lime and tropical fruit flavors mark this bone-dry, elegant wine, with a minerally edge. Don't drink it too cold.
Up front, this smells smoky and woody, although in due time earthy berry aromas emerge. This feels ripe and full in body; flavors of black cherry, cassis, fig and chocolate end with heady, toasty heat and a rich sense of extraction. Drink through 2018.
Smoky, charred, roasted blueberry and green-herb aromas set up a rubbery palate with modest form and structure. Blue-fruit flavors feature notes of bacon and bitterness, while this comes across green, herbal and stewed on the finish.
While the wine has plenty of the tannins typical of 2011 at this stage, it also has ripe fruit, full of blackberry and currant flavors. The balance is already there, giving a potentially rich, juicy and generous wine. Drink from 2017.
Spicy nutmeg meets a reckoning of lemon zest and grapefruit pith in this light, bright, elegant white that's subtle in oak. Notions of just-ripe pear follow around a rounded, medium-bodied build, providing plenty of juiciness and structure.
A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Syrah, this shows savory spice, smoked meat and tobacco notes, followed by black-berry, dark cherry and cola. The palate is fresh and clean, but it has enough heft to be paired with grilled meat.
Coming from the cool 2010 vintage, this wine seems a bit overwrought, with aromas of stewed herbs and cherry. The flavors are full bodied, backed by chewy tannins.
Snappy aromas of lettuce, tarragon and bell pepper are textbook Leyda. This feels plump and a touch oily, but acidic cut provides balance. Salty, briny citrus flavors finish similarly, with a mild pickled note popping up.
Haut-Poitou, to the south of the Loire Valley, specializes in fresh, crisp Sauvignon Blanc like this herbal, grassy wine, dominated by grapefruit, green berries and some sage. There's a cool structure to it, leaving freshness.
This dry wine has a simple structure, jammy fruit flavors and pert acids. Like some fast foods, it's good and quick, at a good price.
Gaseous aromas are thick and upfront, with a hint of lychee. This tastes and feels pithy, with a heavy skins component that causes bitterness. Amid that, this dry Muscat tastes soapy, with an oddly floral finish.
Great value for the price, with blackberry marmalade, moo shu plum sauce, tobacco, leather and pepper flavors that turn richly tannic and spicy in the finish. Shows lots of elegance and finesse.
Very soft and creamy, with the open drinking style of many 2000 vintage wines. It has a good solid base of white fruits, apple skins and green almond, with the acidity light and fresh. Drink now.
Whiffs of sour Asian plums and briar patch add complexity to the fleshy cherry aromas of this composed, full-bodied wine. Brisk acidity and hints of spice, wet earth and soy sauce lend a sweet and savory tone to it's black-cherry-flavored finish.
From the Frutos Villar bodega comes this friendly if a bit lean reserva with cherry, leather, and rubber aromas and a snappy, clean palate of cherry and raspberry fruit. The finish is lightweight and pure, and slightly warming, while overall it comes across fresh and solid, with just enough oak to give it heft and substance.
Rugged and robust, with flavors of grilled blackberries, plums and a meaty taste, like stir-fried ground beef splashed with soy sauce and dusted with black pepper. Fine with sausage-based pasta dishes.
A blend of Chenin Blanc and Sauvignon Blanc, this wine exemplifies the finesse of a fine Santa Ynez white wine. It's ripe with orange and peach jam flavors, but there's no oak, so what you get is pure fruit.
Rich and thickly textured, showing impressive concentration but also a heavy, plodding feel. Pear and apple flavors struggle alongside hints of unripe melon and quince. Unclear how this one will evolve, hence the conservative rating. Imported by Classical Wines.
The nose is intensely barnyard, but as the wine develops it shows more smooth tannins, ripe berry fruits and a fine structure. This is a wine that is still developing, bringing on the acidity, the wood and the damson fruit flavors. There is aging potential there.
Here's a straightforward but enjoyable Shiraz with notes of dark plum, cherry and strawberry on the nose and mouth. There's a touch of greenness on the palate augmented by firm, young tannins, but it all works out and fades smoothly on the finish.
Despite some warm earth and compost on the nose, this shows positives such as solid cherry, plum and blackberry flavors. It opens on the midpalate but then thins out rather drastically on the finish. Like most in its class, it's hard Bonarda; but it has its merits, too.
With its slightly lower pressure, this is a fresh, poised wine, which balances appley fruit, crispness and delicious green flavors. It is dry, but its softness and freshness leaves a very easy aftertaste.
Ripe and fruity, this is already delicious, but that doesn't detract from the firm tannins and density of a wine that will age well. It has all the elements, with the fruit, solid tannins and a juicy aftertaste. Drink from 2025.
Tim Mondavi and family strive to join the pantheon of cult wine with this, his second vintage of a Cab-based Bordeaux blend. It's quite good, a soft, complex wine of luxurious texture and deep, impressive flavors of splendidly ripe blackberries and cherries, anise, chocolate and smoky cedar.
Leaner in consistency and milder in temper, this is an elegant Brunello that puts more emphasis on aromatics than it does on build and heft. It's a feminine, delicate expression with enduring notes of spice, cola and cassis on the finish.
This is a soft, round wine, made mostly of Merlot, with smaller amounts of Cabernet Franc, Petit Verdot and Cabernet Sauvignon. Dry, grippy tannins provide a bulkhead of structure that supports black pepper, currant, cedar and clove.
Warm aromas of cherries, clove and cinnamon mix with brick, blood and sandalwood on the nose of this wine from a vineyard on the appellation's eastern edge. There are herbs galore on the palate, particularly anise, as well as iron, dried raspberries and a distinctive savory fruit character.
This wine comes from the north of the Gascony region in Southwest France. It has some herbal character as well as a delicious cool feel. Riper fruit flavors such as peach and pineapple give a warmer, soft aftertaste.
Intense mint, menthol, ripe berry and dark spice aromas lead the nose. The palate offers dried black cherry mature raspberry, mint, thyme and clove alongside bracing tannins. Give this a few more years to reach its full potential. Drink after 2018.
Smells like baked apples drizzled with honey, served on a bed of crushed stone. It's a wine of contradictions that blends warm, inviting notes with harder, harsher ones. Quite lean in the mouth, with a dry finish and mouthtingling acids.
A rare find, this is a delightfully fun wine, black and inky. Exuberant red cherry and brioche play off one another on the nose and palate. Integrated tannins give it a softness, though it is in no way shy or lacking in power.
This unoaked Chard is bright and exuberant in ripe green fruits, such as Granny Smith apples, kiwis, limes, table grapes and mangoes. Acidity in this cool vintage is very high, and when I tasted it, it still had some fizzy fermentation. Technically this is a flaw, but it didn't interefere with my enjoyment.
This offers a slightly less formal and austere expression compared to Cesari's Bosan. Perfect for chicken or pork roast, this delivers fresh acidity beyond the tones of cherry, cola, leather and barbecue spice.
Made from fruit grown in Washington State but vinified in California, this is a delicious, lively white wine. It's dry and brisk in acidity, with orange, lime, Asian pear, honeysuckle and white pepper flavors.
Merlot makes up three quarters of this wine with the rest Cabernets Franc (17%) and Sauvignon. The Franc shows itself, with aromas of lightly leafy herbs that are followed by tire rubber, anise, vanilla and cherry. The cranberry and cherry flavors are sweet, with rustic tannins backing them up.
Dobbes' top wines are the single vineyard cuvées such as this, an aromatic, dark and dense compilation of purple and black fruits. Accents of cola, coffee and tobacco are nicely knit together, and it's made for near-term enjoyment. Drink now through 2020.
Made from Kiona Vineyards fruit, this Red Mountain Cabernet Sauvignon has the dark fruit and the dense tannins one might expect. But that meaty power is leavened by natural acidity. A highlight of orange peel accents the deep flavors of cassis and smoke. It turns a little chalky at the tail end.
This is a very pleasant Dolcetto with measured aromas of blueberry, raspberry, cherry cola, plum and fresh prune. It tastes soft and slightly sweet in the mouth with fresh acidity that would work well with cheese or cream based dishes.
This is the inaugural release from this winery. With Grenache (71%) and Syrah (23%) leading the way, it shows aromas of vanilla bean, herb and ripe red and blue fruit. The palate is full bodied and no holds barred, showing a mixture of fruit and barrel along with the ripeness of the region and vintage. The wood pokes through at times.
Light and simple, this has moderate flavors of pear and apple, a whiff of spice, and a rather thin finish. Just a lick of butterscotch suggests some sort of oak treatment was used.
The term “Rutherford Bench” is not a legal one, but colloquially refers to the west side of Highway 29, where the wines, supposedly, are better. And this is quite a good wine. It's fresh and young in sweet tannins and acidity; everything's not quite integrated yet, but it's a big, rich, complexly balanced wine. Should come into its own by 2008, then hold for some years.
Magrez purchased this estate in 2003, so this is the first vintage he's had complete control. Primarily a blend of Sémillon and Sauvignon Gris, it's fresh and apple-y, with hints of grapefruit and lime. Finishes long and crisp. Imported by Bernard Magrez.
Aromas include white spring flowers, apples and flint with light notes of toasted oak and vanilla. The juicy palate offers Golden Delicous apples and pear alongside an energizing mineral purity and bright acidity.
The second label of Alorna, Portal da Aguia wines develop early. This bright and fruity red is based around soft tannins, very ripe fruits and a juicy, full-in-the-mouth texture. It needs little time to age, so drink from the end of 2014.
This rich, wood-aged wine is beautifully creamy as well as crisply fruity. It has a touch of spice and honey from the wood as well as fine acidity and citrus juiciness. It is a young wine, one that is ready to drink now but will be better as it rounds out from 2018.
The entry-level Pinot Noir in FEL's lineup of several Anderson Valley Pinots has toasty, oaky aromas, sweet oak flavors and smoky accents. A big, full-bodied, new-oak style wine, it's substantial and structured.
This producer, firmly established in Vinho Verde and the Douro, also has vineyards at Quinta da Aguieira in the central coastal region of Bairrada. A blend of local white grapes along with some Chardonnay, this wine is ripe, with a touch of saltiness and minerality, plus plenty of concentration from old vines. With its rich texture and crisp aftertaste, this is ready to drink.
What jumps out immediately is a bright spicy scent. The forward fruit is a zesty mix of cranberry, guava and citrus, and the flavors just punch up the palate in a most delicious way. Drink this over the next couple of years while it retains its freshness.
This Grenache was made in a firm, tannic and quite oaky style. Dark flavors mix black cherry, black licorice and road tar, with some alcoholic burn running along the finish.
This vibrant, delicious rosato delivers fruity aromas of woodland berry and cooking spice. On the spicy palate, notes of white pepper and clove accent a juicy core of crushed raspberry. Crisp acidity gives it a clean, lingering finish.
A very good Chardonnay-based sparkler, dry and rich in vanilla, peach and lime flavors, with exotic notes of grilled pineapple and fresh brioche. Feels clean and delicious, and should develop for a few years.
A certain creamy nuttiness is suggested on the nose. The sunniness of 2015 is expressed by a generous mirabelle ripeness. The body still is very slight and subtle and all about a graceful texture. There's a lovely touch of lemon freshness on the finish.
Here's a vibrant ripasso with immediate aromas of black cherry, dried apple skin, root beer and exotic spice. It tastes very alive and fresh in the mouth thanks to its zesty cherry and plump blackberry sensations. Imported by Angelini Wine.
Lots of astringent tannins in this dry, young blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot. It's juicy in blackberries, black currants, sage and smoky cedar, with a long, spicy finish. Drink now, with decanting, or hold through 2013.
This has smooth tannins and plenty of bright fruit flavor. Made in a savory style, the finish on this wine has a leathery bite to it.
A herbal wine, very aromatic, with flavors that go towards bell peppers and young berry fruit. It has a firmly dry tannic center, finishing with very fresh acidity.
Slightly oily and nutty on the nose, but mostly you get orange peel and citrus blossom. The palate is round, full-bodied and pithy, with dry, nearly oxidized flavors of peach, walnut and melon. Finishes just fresh enough, but without any of the haunting, exotic flavors that characterize Old World Viognier.
Starts out good, with menthol and wintergreen dominating the nose. The palate is forward and endowed with a lot of red-fruit flavors, but the mouthfeel lets it down. There's too much bounding acidity and not nearly enough lushness.
There is good bottle age here, the wine full and ripe with an integrated dosage that is relatively high. Flavors of sweet pastry go with white nectarines and pears. It's deliciously balanced, finishing with a soft, fresh aftertaste.
Rich in heady cinnamon and aromatics of a perfumed rose in bloom this is a beautifully integrated, well-proportioned Pinot Noir, its black cherry and blackberry complemented by a depth of earth and mushroom and silky concentration of tannins.
Delicately aromatic with apple blossom, this brisk medium-sweet wine dances on the palate with hints of honey-kissed nectarines and peach. Dusty saffron and mineral tones lend an earthiness that linger on the finish. Elegant and refreshing.
The vineyard is in the Oak Knoll District. The wine is dry and full-bodied, packed with ripe blackberries, black cherries and black currants, as well as toasty oak. A bit brusque in tannins at this young age, it should be cellared for a few years.
Aromas of almond, pressed white flower and crushed stone emerge on this racy white. The palate is less expressive, showing apple skin, mineral and a hint of citrus. It's on the lean side, with brisk acidity.
With a pale color and a light, silky mouthfeel, this Pinot feels fine in the mouth. The flavors are pretty simple, suggesting sour raspberry and cherry candies. More proof that, with Pinot Noir, you get what you pay for.
Tangerine and pineapples scent this intensely ripe semi-sweet Riesling. The palate is fleshy with peach concentrate, but touches of dusty slate and mineral lend elegance. Sunny citrus acidity shines softly through the finish.
Smooth yet crisp, this has attractive acidity and strawberry fruit. It is poised and elegant, with just the right amount of acidity.
This wine looks and tastes bright pink. It is creamy, not quite dry and soft, although the aftertaste shows some fresh acidity. Crushed strawberry flavors suggest that it will pair well with fruit salad.
Ripe, fruity Champagne, with a great toast element that creates a rich and structured wine. It has fine tropical fruits, laced with intense acidity. Dominated by Chardonnay, this is an impressive wine that is now ready to drink.
Aromatic and fruity, this is front-loaded with pretty accents of toast and baking spices. There's 10% Cabernet Sauvignon in the blend, but it's Merlot's show, with forward, smooth, chocolaty goodness around a core of raspberry candy.
Inkblot is Lodi winery Michael David's first Cabernet Franc, a relatively small production wine with MD's signature smoky, toasty coconut aromas, thick and raspberry jammy. Aged 15 months in French oak, it would be a hit with big wine lovers but doesn't exhibit Cab Franc's herbaceousness, which some people will be happy about, others will not. Includes small amounts of Cab Sauvignon and Petite Sirah.
From the San Juan province, this lighter-framed blend offers a hint of mineral and honey on the nose, followed by racier orange and green melon flavors. As a whole the wine is perfectly clean but insipid. It's tangy, sheer and clean but lacks body and soul.
A simple but bright cherry and warm spice nose marks this Meritage, and on the palate, a soft array of berry and oaky spice follows. It's not terribly intergrated or elegant, but the wine has a good overall flavor and will pair well with fowl or beef.
A ripe and jammy expression of Merlot form central Italy with aromas of black cherry, exotic spice, green peppercorn, leather and moist pipe tobacco. The wine is soft, smooth and extremely velvety on the close.
This is firmly tannic, with dark berry and black cherry fruits. Minerally and textured, it shows the full effect of Beaujolais's granite soil. It also has a rich feel that will evolve over the next several months.
Filled with scents and flavors of black earth, cedar and dark fruit, this impressively full-bodied wine demands to be served with something similarly big and meaty. Despite its size, it's open-knit and accessible, with just enough coarse tannins on the finish to cut the richness of beef steaks or braises.
Full, ripe and rounded, this wine has the warmth of 2009, giving a Chablis with a richer texture than usual. It brings out the wood, spice and melon characters. It needs a year or two aging to get it at its best.
Beautifully balanced, this shows all the positive attributes of mature Rioja. Though 30 years old, it is still very alive, with deep sweet fruit that wears tobacco and meat accents. Anise accents the ultrasmooth palate. Full of complex flavors, with a lingering finish.
This tiny-production wine from a great vineyard sings in a layered perfume of roses, forest floor, pomegranate and more nuanced elements of cola and dark cherry. Bright and elegant within a substantive body, it is inviting in equal measures of plant, fruit and spice, showing tremendous taste.
Big honeysuckle, sweet caramel and stone-fruit aromas are backed on the palate with concentrated tangerine and melon flavors. It's a bold fruity wine with luscious body and yielding acidity but tea tannins and grapefruit flavors lend structure.
This isn't one of your tropical fruit and oak, acidic cool-climate monster Chards. It's soft and earthy, with a dried sage and oregano edge to the green apple and white peach flavors.
This tart, lean wine from an Amador County winery is very dry, very tangy and very herbaceous in aroma and flavor. It will be a great choice at lunch or before dinner for people who appreciate aromatic expression and an austere texture.
Strikingly pungent on first take, with crackling aromas of cactus, nettle, lime and grapefruit. Feels zesty, deep and layered, with an even mix of tropical fruit flavors, stone fruits and green notes. About as right as it gets for Chilean Sauvignon Blanc.
There's a crushed cigarette ashiness in this otherwise pretty Pinot Noir that detracts. It steals the beauty away from the silkiness and raspberry, cherry and oak flavors.
This wine is a little green out of the gate, with notes of garden herbs and green flowers along with macerated cranberries and ripe blue fruit. The palate has a pleasing texture and sense of purity but ultimately the aromas are too distracting.
This shows tangy aromas of green olive, caper, wild berry, anise seed and a touch of licorice. There's a touch of heat on the close, and the mouthfeel is lean.
Brown sugar dots itself around grippy tannin and black fruit, cedar never far behind on the senses. Resolved, firm tannins balance against a brightness of acidity that manifests in a citrus-tinged finish. Drink now through 2023.
The uncharacteristically quiet nose, with subtle mineral and quince hints, make this a good choice for those looking for a more subdued style of Australian Riesling. The palate continues this stony austerity and adds some lemon rind tones which fade into lime on the medium finish. Admirable for its restraint. May show better after several years age.
This is a lively tangy wine that is made to drink young. With its crisp texture, hint of minerality and lively acidity, it is a refreshing wine that could serve both as an apéritif and as an accompaniment to seafood.
Blackberry, leather, clove and dark cooking spice aromas lead the way while the ripe palate extends dense wild cherry, raspberry jam and a dusting of cocoa. It's easy drinking and enjoyable, with round, velvety tannins.
A very rich wine, courtesy of some Viognier and Pinot Gris, not to mention new oak. Offers flattering flavors of pineapples, golden mangoes, vanilla cream, buttered toast and honeysuckle flowers.
With a blend that includes Cabernet Sauvignon, this wine is ripe, with a tannic structure. There is fine, juicy acidity coming through the dry shell of this young wine. With another year, it will fill out and be ready to drink. Drink from 2017.
A real alternative to red Beaujolais Nouveau. An intense strawberry flavored wine, with acidity and freshness. It has some weight as well, but mainly it is bright and lively.
This blend of 46% Sauvignon Blanc, 39% Sémillon and 15% Viognier pleases in a light-bodied frame. Lychee meets lemon, lime and a lengthy complexity of wet stone on the finish.
Lafòa is one of the best expressions of Sauvignon from Italy. Careful fruit selection and oak aging create a wine that is important aromatically, as well as structurally. Pristine flavors of citrus, peach and honeysuckle are backed by a creamy feel and a touch of -piquant spice.
A fragrant Falanghina, this opens with a bright flower aroma, followed by honey and peach notes. There are touches of citrus and spice on the finish.
Always a good buy and always big and husky, Gascón is a saturated and dark wine but one with good balance and texture. The nose features cola, boysenberry and density, while the palate is sweet and floral, with big berry flavors. Quite good for a fat young Malbec.
With 12 months oak of aging, this is a rich wine, still showing spice and toast from the wood. That character is finely balanced by the rich black fruit and the acidity. It is a fine wine, ripe and still developing. Drink from 2018.
A blend of all five Bordeaux varieties with Cabernet (70%) and Merlot (18%) taking the lead, this wine offers aromas of vanilla, leather, Red Vines, dried fruit and cherry cordial, with barrel influences out front. The red and black-fruit flavors are tart and generous, with a steely spine of tannins backing them up. It's in a sweet spot. Drink up.
To this taster, there's so much high-char new oak on this Chard that it goes beyond toast all the way to burnt ash. Too bad, because the underlying wine is crisp and ripe in polished tropical fruit.
A restrained hint of peach plays on the nose of this wine. The palate comes in with a little spritz and lots of savory, yeasty spice. White pepper accents lemon and pear peel flavors on the streamlined palate. The finish is lemony and fresh.
From the Gainey family's Sta. Rita Hills ranch, this begins with aromas of buttered popcorn, vanilla, pineapple and crushed rocks. Once sipped, golden apple flavors integrate superbly with a lime pith tartness and a slight brioche character on the midpalate and finish.
Berry aromas take on a savory and animal hide note. The dense palate carries herbal and earthy flavors, with mulchy, stalky berry tones that come with a dash of coffee grinds. An earthy finish is suggestive of fresh compost.
This is a firm wine, dry and with tight tannins. The fruit weight is still developing and the wine needs time to fully realize its potential. Given time, the fruit will become rich and full. Denis Noël and his kids run the estate, which has been in the family since 1800. Drink from 2019.
Dark and dense, the fruit dominated at this stage by tannins. This wine is solid, structured, firm and dry. Black currant fruitiness will show, offering a richer character, but for now this is dense, spicy and tough, needing many years.
A delicious wine, the total freshness along with the apple skin texture giving a great crisp bite. It has lively acidity that penetrates right through red cherry fruit flavors.
This is a full, opulent and rounded wine, with its wood influence very much at the front. The future will bring out the rich, warm flavor of tropical fruit.
A rather ripe style, with only modest leafiness, pushed into the background by hints of honey, stone fruit, gooseberry and red currant. It's plump and substantial without being heavy, with a lingering finish. Drink now.
Aged six months in neutral French oak, this offers aromas of spice, pineapple and almond skin. Full bodied, the palate is redolent with tropical-fruit flavors. The mouthfeel dazzles, especially for a wine at this price.
This fruit-driven Pinot Gris blends green apple, melon and pear, with a hint of celery suggesting some less-than-ripe fruit in the mix also. The finish turns a little bitter.
Good, ripe flavors of black cherries, anise and sandalwood in this dry wine, but it feels really rough in texture. Lacks the smoothness and polished mouthfeel you want in a red wine, especially Merlot. Ready now.
This is showing an extraordinary amount of toasty oak in the nose, and once in the mouth it seems as if the oak and toast flavors overwhelm everything else. The fruit is very much on the light side, and can't begin to stand up to all the toast and butterscotch that is being tossed around. It's not bad, but it has not yet found its balance, and finishes with some lightly stemmy tannins.
Crisp, clean and minerally on the nose, with apple and green-fruit aromas. It has a round, smooth feel and flavors of peach, apple and citrus that will enliven the palate and aid almost any seafood, vegetable or salad. A natural wine with just enough powdery sweetness to raise a smile.
This smells gritty and herbal on first take, with roasted, leafy aromas. The herb and red fruit flavors are a bit spotty, remaining herbal and mildly green on the finish, with snappy acidity.
Deep and lush aromas of candied blueberry and black cherry meet with chocolate cake, light brown spices and a touch of beef jerky on the nose of this judiciously priced wine. Though a tad light on the palate at first, it has an energetic and spicy acidity that carries forth flavors of tobacco and black fruit.
This is a little heavy and oily on the nose, with blowsy white-fruit aromas. It feels peachy and smooth, with key flavor components of melon, apple and pear. This shows some extra heft, ending with a subtle and smooth finish.
A traditional style of riserva, this wine shows aromas of spice, candied berry, smoked bacon, cinnamon, white pepper and dried sage. There's also a floral element of red rose or lavender. It is light and crisp, with a firm finish.
A tale of two wines. The early impression is that of a foxy, incomplete, sweaty wine with gaps in the fabric. But once it gets air, things turn around for the better. Ultimately it proves itself as a serious Malbec with a broad texture and jammy, sweet berry fruit. But it starts out so scattered and funky that it remains compromised.
An aroma like white pepper and onion is strong in this medium-bodied wine that has decent olive and berry flavors underneath.
Bright, tangy, lean and appetizing, this light-bodied wine has mouth-cleansing acidity, lemon and green apple flavors, a zingy balance and clean, dry finish. Time to bring on the oysters or goat cheese.
Pretty rude stuff, a harsh, hot wine that's recognizably Pinot Noir with its silky structure and cherry flavors, but that's about it.
This wine from a biodynamic vineyard is powerfully spicy on the nose, with aromas of ginger snaps, cloves, nutmeg and Indian spices seasoning the bloody meats and blackberry core. Oregano and other chopped, dried herbs flavor the palate, with black pepper, blackberry syrup and licorice combining for a savory sipping experience.
Here is an absolutely unruly and untamed red wine from Umbria with dark, impenetrable concentration and inky tones of black cherry, blackberry, plum, Indian spice and wet granite. It has very astringent tannins, which are characteristic of the Sagrantino variety, and lingering flavors that recall smoked ham or bacon.
Dark and plummy, with the characteristic black cherry fruit of the vineyard. There is also a streak of toffee that is a marker for the vineyard. Around 10% Cabernet Sauvignon was added; the aromas are fresh and sweet, with just a hint of coffee and herb. The tannins are smoothing out but will improve with more bottle age.
Lots of yeast and lees at first, but still tight, with apple, peach and melon flavors. Turns more toasty and yeasty as it opens, with a hint of dried herbs. A controlled buttery note makes for a fine final impression. One of Freixenet's best.
Notes of grass, lime leaf and garrigue herbs lead the bouquet of this attractive wine, supported by fruity tones of white melon, green plum and citrus peel. The medium-weight mouthfeel is countered by ample acidity and pithy flavors that finish slightly astringent. Drink now.
Dark amber in color with golden reflections, this is a sweet Marsala redolent of maple syrup, brown sugar, almond, pine resin and dried fruit. There's a prominent vein of exotic spice that carries over to the mouth and rides over a long finish. Imported by Banfi Vintners.
Give this Cab credit for immensely ripe, fruit flavors of blackberries, cherries, currants and cocoa. Rich in oak, it finishes dry despite the opulence. It's hard to find anything particularly Rutherford-y, but it's delicious for drinking now.
A lot of roughness and herbal character require patience and forgiveness. There's tree bark, cola and a strong leafy character to both the nose and palate of this Merlot, which shows classic Chilean olive and peppery notes on the finish along with a good mouthfeel.
Very simple and clean, this pretty Lambrusco offers fresh cherry and blueberry with a touch of bitter almond on the close. The wine would pair with pizza piled high with mozzarella cheese.
In keeping with his practice of making vineyard, rather than varietal wines, Marcel Deiss blends this wine from different members of the Pinot family. It has a strongly dry spice element as well as fresher fruit and a touch of pears. Complex, it needs to age several years, so drink from 2017.
This medium-bodied Pinot Gris turns a bit skinny on the finish, but offers a decent mouthful of apple, pear and citrus flavors. Drink now.
Offers interesting Oriental spice, leather, popcorn and earth notes over deep cassis fruit. Full and smooth, with excellent balance and an espresso-dark finish. Perhaps oak-heavy, but delicious in weight and style not unlike some very good modern-style Graves.
Produced with Sangiovese, 5% Canaiolo and 5% Mammolo, this opens with subtle aromas of turned soil, ripe plum and dark cooking spice. The palate offers dried black cherry, licorice, coffee, oak and a leathery note accompanied by solid tannins.
Big, roasted and full, with slightly earthy, burnt aromas to go with standard berry fruit. The palate is solid in feel, with herbal berry and tea flavors along with zesty acidity. Finishes toasty and a little herbal, with any leftover fruit heading quickly to the shadows.
This opens with savory aromas of cured meat and leather with background tones of ripe fruit and black cherry. It is smooth and sophisticated on the palate with a fine texture and a fruit-forward finish.
White blossoms and summer peaches persist from nose to finish here. The palate is lusciously sweet, dripping with ripe, rich apricot and tangerine flavors, but a backdrop of lime acidity makes it refreshing too. Drink now through 2021.
The nose on this wine is very peachy, boosted in the ripe department by banana, honeysuckle and tuberose. The palate is also rich and forward, with dried apricots and buttered peaches. It's well made, just quite tropical, and would complement roasted chicken.
Iris, mature berry, menthol and Mediterranean herb aromas emerge on this full-bodied red. On the ripe, chewy palate, notes of clove, vanilla and mocha accent juicy Morello cherry, crushed black cherry, star anise and tobacco. Firm, fine-grained tannins provide the framework. Drink 2019–2026.
This tight, chewy, spicy Syrah fills out as it breathes. Though not as big and ripe as the other Tulpen reds, this brings in subtle nuances of herb, spice, mint and white pepper. Bottom line: more structure, but less hedonistic fruit.
A wine that is soft, open, light and fruity. Blackberry flavors are dominant, with attractive acidity floating through the gentle palate. Spice adds final interest. Screwcap.
Vineyard sources for the winery's reserve tier of Chardonnay have bounced around over the years. Now, it's Russian River, but this Chard is far from Ferrari-Carano's best. It has decent peach and apple fruit, but with a thin brittleness inappropriate for this price, and all that new oak doesn't really help.
Nice melon, apple, talcum powder and mineral aromas set this off in a good direction. The palate is lively and balanced, with grapefruit as the prime flavor. Calm on the finish; a good quaffer if you get at it as fast as possible.
Immediate aromas of blackberry and mature cherry come at you and are followed closely by spice, cola, dark chocolate and cured meat. This hearty Rosso di Montefalco is no puny wine. Indeed, it offers an impressive quality of fruit and dark, thick structure.
Whiffs of spice and dark toast lend warmth to ripe black cherry aromas on this Syrah-Viognier blend. The palate is brisk with tart cassis and plum flavors wrapped up tightly within layers of mouthfilling tannins.
Packed with red fruits, this is a ripe while fresh wine. Acidity that cuts into the ripe flavors with a crisp edge in this otherwise jammy, rounded wine. The aftertaste is bright and lively with red currants. Drink from 2018.
This is dark, smoky and minty at first, turning more earthy, leathery and warm as it opens. It feels big and sort of tough, with smoked, roasted flavors of savory berry and rooty cola. It finishes tannic and rubbery.
An earthy, easy wine that shouts of fresh Sauvignon Blanc, with its crisp acidity, grassy aromas and green fruit flavors. Just bottled, it will stay at peak freshness during the summer months.
Well balanced, ready-to-drink wine. It has a dry core of tannins that are surrounded by accessible blackberry and juicy cranberry fruit. The feel is open, soft and warming.
This wine contains 14% “mixed blacks,” including grapes like Alicante Bouschet, and is powerful and ripe. Its flavors seem at once tart and sweet, framed by dusty cherry and vanilla. There's a persistent, feral, compost-like thread throughout its dense structure and tannic finish.
This is full-bodied, offering subtle cashew and melon shadings alongside bold pineapple fruit. The oak stands a little apart on the palate, imparting a touch of dryness to the bright fruit. Drink now.
Citrus, acacia flower, white stone fruit and a whiff of honey are some of the alluring scents you'll find on this vibrant, refined white. The taut, well-structured palate doles out white peach, apricot, honey and hazelnut energized by flinty mineral. Give this a few more years to fully develop. Drink 2018 through 2025.
Chocolate and blackberry form an impressively generous and full-bodied personality in this 100% varietal wine aged 22 months in a hearty percentage of new oak. Big tannin and traces of cigar and espresso continue on the brawny theme.
Half and half Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon, this wine is firm and tannic. It has a ripe character, benefiting from the good climatic conditions in Saint-Estèphe. Blackberry and damson flavors are lifted by youthful acidity that will calm down. Drink this from 2019.
This is an impressively endowed wine, but one that will have to rely on age for its complexity. Right now, its fruit (blackberries and cassis) is a bit simple upfront, then adds crisp acidity and firm tannins on the finish. Try in 2010.
At about five years of age, this dramatic Merlot is just coming into its own, and there aren't many Merlots you can say that about. Its tannins are just beginning to melt. As that astringent tide recedes, a beach of pure cherries and blackberries emerges, deep and dry and spicy. Probably at its best now and for a year or two.
Blue fruit and high acidity open this delightful Pinot Noir, from a cool section of the Russian River Valley overlapping Green Valley. The oak imprint is low, yet the wine offers firm structure and elegance, remaining subdued and fresh on the palate in swirls of dark cherry, boysenberry and earthy leather.
This is a rich wine showing jammy blackberry flavors against pronounced alcohol. The acidity at the end does provide a lighter, fresher lift.
Nutty aromas are rich and oily in this semisweet amontillado. It is round and chewy on the palate, with a layering of creamy, nutty flavors: Toffee, chocolate and caramel. These notes linger on the unwavering finish.
While muted on the nose, this refreshing off-dry Riesling offers concentrated tangerine and yellow peach flavors. Light in body with a spry, zesty mouthfeel, it finishes brisk and clean. Enjoy now.
Cherry, cassis and root beer aromas are appealing. In the mouth, this is wall-to-wall rough due to fierce tannins. Baked berry flavors are blocky and simmer away on a rugged finish.
Light straw in color, with fine bubbles and pure, fine aromas of peach and strawberry. In the mouth, it’s exceptionally rich and creamy. It’s not quite as sweet as an extra dry Champagne, but it’s definitely heading in that direction.
Tilda is an unfamiliar brand, but the winemaker (David O'Reilly from Owen Roe) and the vineyard sources (Elerding, Erickson) are first-rate. Scents of violets and gingerbread, sweet berry fruit, and a hint of garrigue come together in this well-made effort.
Aromas of wild red berry, sun-baked earth and dark cooking spices blossom in the glass. The medium-bodied, elegant palate delivers juicy wild cherry, crushed black raspberry, baking spice and grilled herb while smooth, polished tannins provide support.
The nose isn't very expressive but eventually reveals earthy aromas suggesting underbrush, moist soil and toast while the lean palate offers roasted coffee bean, oak, espresso and anise. It lacks fruit richness while fleeting tannins give it an abrupt finish.
Sweet scents of powdered sugar and guava juice waft ebulliently from this full-bodied Pinot Gris. The palate is soft with luscious, ripe pommelo and white peach flavors but balanced by a dry finish with a refreshingly astringent note.
Whiffs of orange blossom and lemon rind lend vibrancy to this rich, luxuriously textured Pinot Gris. Just off dry in style, it bursts with flavors of white peach showered in grapefruit acidity. Luscious and irresistibly clingy, it lingers long on the palate.
Brilliant acidity gives this wine a clean raciness that so many Sauvignon Blancs lack. It has ripe, forward flavors of lemons, limes, apricots, peaches and honey, but despite the richness is dry and minerally.
This vineyard-designated wine includes 13% Cabernet Sauvignon and 9% Syrah. The Syrah component seems to take over, in the form of tart berry, herb and dried leaf flavors. The alcohol, which is 15.5%, mutes any other complexities. It's a nice wine, but it doesn't offer standard Washington Merlot flavors.
Tropical and ripe with aromas and flavors of gooseberry, soft lychee, rose petals and orange blossom. Attractive and easy to drink with moderate acidity and a clean, medium length finish.
A thrilling wine, firm and supple with a core of plush, dark fruit. Generous new oak adds layers of smoke and char, while the grapes provide extra nuances of smoked meats, licorice and mineral.
This Cabernet Sauvignon-based blend is a best-of-barrels selection from Summers' various Cabs throughout Napa Valley. It's unquestionably a big wine, densely packed with blackberry, cherry and dark chocolate flavors. It's also very young. The tannins pack a real punch. New oak, to the tune of 100%, is apparent in the buttered toast richness. Don't drink it now, good as it is. Give it until 2014, and it will develop long beyond that.
Extract and weight mark this dry Syrah from Cabernet specialist Sequoia Grove. The wine tastes fresh and unresolved, with a grapy jamminess reminiscent of black-berry purée. Firm tannins and rich oak add complexity, but this wine needs a few years to come together.
Concentrated, with a strongly tannic element that is balanced by ripe fruits. It makes for a well-structured, impressive wine that also has a fruity element. Age for 4–5 years.
This is thickly layered with ripe fruit, spice, leather, cedar and savory spice aromas. Its soft, velvety texture would pair with pork, veal or grilled sausage.
This wine opens with red berry, spice and spearmint aromas. The dense palate is surprisingly sweet, with sugary black plum alongside drying, rough, wood tannins.
This is a lovely vineyard designate Barbaresco that combines fresh flavors of cassis and wild berries with ethereal notes of root beer, licorice and tar. It finishes with smooth, sturdy tannins and will only improve over the next 5–10 years.
This wine reflects the great vintage and CVNE's long-standing status as a quality Rioja winery; the final product zips along with lively blackberry and plum flavors before slowing into a smooth, mellow and lengthy finish. A blue chip wine with style and finesse.
Mellow and complex, this is a highly approachable wine, offering butter-soft tannins, ripe fruits, and interesting highlights of grain, earth and caramel. A fine expression of the unique estate terroir.
Whole and fruity, with some inviting richness to the nose along with alcoholic heat. Driving plum and cherry fruit is ripe, although the feel of the wine is a touch hard. Not long or deep, but good in a front-loaded way.
Hunter Valley Shiraz is somewhat out of fashion here in the U.S., but this is an excellent example of the genre, one that can be taken home and enjoyed tonight. It starts with intense, smoky, pungent leathery aromas, and the fruit is more leathery than fruity in character, yet there's compelling complexity in this medium-bodied, silky-textured wine. Drink now-2015.
A sweet Vinho Verde, it is light, fruity and perfect for the summer. With crisp acidity, a lively, frothy texture and a clean apple aftertaste, it can be drunk now.
This is a firm, toasty and tannic wine that reflects its tough vintage. Made from 100% Merlot it has ripe fruit that was aged for two years in wood to give that spicy woody character. The fruit still needs time to enhance the rich texture of the wine. Drink from 2020.
Brooding aromas of barrel spice, dried herbs, cranberry and black cherry lead to ripe but in focus pit-fruit flavors that show a pleasing sense of harmony. A squeeze of firm tannins provides the frame.
Perfect balance is evident in this tightly wound, refined and smooth-drinking Bordeaux-style blend. Made using two-thirds Cabernet Sauvignon, this is fragrant, stylish and polished, with dark fruit flavors that are dotted with notes of spring herb and black olive.
A tiny hint of cinnamon or clove appears at first and opens the bouquet of this soft and creamy Prosecco Superiore. The mouthfeel is soft and plush and this sparkler shows nice personality and heft.
Plump and soft up front, with limited aromas of honeysuckle and baked pears. The body is full and low on acids, so the flavors are chunky and the feel is cushioned. Drink now for best results; the future of this wine isn't that bright.
Complex aromas of olive, dried leaves, kirsch and cassis set up a spunky, acid-rich palate that's integrated and well balanced. Flavors of vanilla, herbs, tobacco and earthy plum and raspberry finish with elegance and thoroughness. This intense, pure gran reserva will age well for another 15 years, maybe longer.
Floral leesy aromas of chunky stone fruits and citrus come with a green note of lettuce leaf. This feels round and a touch oily, while briny mildly bitter flavors of citrus finish pithy.
This has a lighter and more mature color than usual, along with lighter and more mature aromas and flavors. After adjusting for the apparent time warp, it's easy to enjoy the alluring aroma of cherries and black tea, and rather light cinnamon and pomegranate flavors.
Shows the impeccably ripe fruitiness and purity that characterize Siduri Pinot Noirs, with the powerful structure of this celebrated vineyard. Dry and fairly tannic, the wine's flavors are of cherry pie filling, red currants, anise liqueur, chocolate and pepper spice. Fabulously hedonistic now, and should slowly build momentum for the next six years.
The bitter-sweet edge of dark fir honey engulfs nose and palate which nonetheless has a core of bright, ripe, juicy and slightly sweet pear. The sweetness sings with that bitter tinge. This is rich but fresh and balanced and leaves with an off-dry aftertaste of more honey.
Like all of the Yering Station Reserves, this one shows a healthy whack of new oak, but there's plenty of ripe cherry fruit to support the vanilla and cedar nuances. It's medium bodied, plump yet suave, with a long finish that echoes vanilla and spice. Drink now–2019.
The fruit is fading on this pale, silky wine, and the alcohol is showing through, giving heat to the red cherry, orange and cola flavors. Not going anywhere, so drink up.
From the domaine of Pierre Morey, who is also cellarmaster at Domaine Leflaive. Like at Leflaive, he works his vines biodynamically. This is a layered wine; the pure, crisp fruit partnering with light toast flavors and a poised and structured apple-skin aftertaste.
Rich and opulent, in the California coastal style. The grapes come from some respected Carneros vineyards, including Hyde and Stanly Ranch, and the pedigree shows in the balance of ripeness and acidity. With pineapple, mango, green apple, crème brûlée and buttered toast flavors, it's just delicious. Great with Dungeness crab and sourdough bread and butter.
This wine is mostly Viognier (78%) blended with Roussanne. Pear, melon and almond aromas are followed by full-bodied flavors with abundant tangerine and floral accents.
This dry, country-style Cab has some sharp, green tannins that bring astringency to the blackberry, cherry and cola flavors. Will go fine with a cheeseburger.
This domaine, which sprawls across several appellations, is now being farmed organically. More importantly, this wine is a terrific value. Thyme and bay leaf notes add vibrance to the ripe raspberry flavors in this blend of 80% Grenache and 20% Syrah. It's weighty without being heavy, with a velvety finish that makes it easy to drink now.
This medium-weight wine is a blend of 50% Grenache, 40% Syrah and 10% Mourvèdre, and the resulting wine admirably reflects elements of each variety. Treebark notes on the nose from the Mourvèdre, boysenberries from the Grenache and black olives from the Syrah. With its mild tannins, it's drinkable now through 2020.
Big, full, ripe and black as night, this may be the best Apartado Gran Malbec to date. With ripe berry weight and fresh acidity, this is in fine balance. Toasty, blackened flavors of blackberry finish deep, smooth and dense. While this cuts no new ground, it's a delicious, well-made, power Malbec. Drink through 2022.
Soft and earthy, with dried herb and blackberry flavors tinged with smoky oak, this is a gentle Cabernet for drinking now. It has enough fanciness to partner with a nice steak or an upscale beef taco.
There's a wild herbaceousness on the nose of this wine that gains aromatic complexity from peppermint candy canes and sour cherry fruits. A menthol sense invades the palate, making it tingle pleasantly, with flavors of dried cherries and licorice leading into a long, exciting finish.
Packaged in a heavy but handsome bottle, this well-extracted Amarone ushers forth massive concentration and power. Redolent of black cherry, cola, steak sauce and teriyaki, this is a natural choice for smoked meat or barbecued prime rib. It shows sweet, chewy tannins on the close.
There are two levels of aroma to this blend of 49% Grenache, 34% Mourvèdre and 17% Syrah: a bright floral touch and gravel-like minerality surround a deeper core of black currant and blueberry fruit. The palate is still quite tight, with elderberry, olallieberry and violet flavors, presented with a leathery texture. It shows lots of potential but still needs time. Drink 2018–2023.
Made with 80% Nerello Mascalese and 20% Nerello Cappuccio, this opens with enticing scents of fragrant blue flower, new leather, dark-skinned berry and aromatic herb. The luminous, elegant palate delivers juicy red cherry, baking spice, anise and mineral wrapped in an almost weightless structure. Drink through 2023.
A gentle, lightly almond-flavored wine, easy and fruity, with acidity and a fresh, clear aftertaste. This is uncomplicated Madeira, well made.
Aromas that recall charred earth, toast, oak, black plum, baking spice and espresso meld together on this. The generous, chewy palate doles out fleshy wild cherry, black raspberry, vanilla and mocha alongside supple tannins. It's straightforward, with immediate appeal. Drink through 2020.
Sappy, grapey fruit is joined by strong herbal overtones reminiscent of dried oregano and parsley. While some panelists felt it had potential to develop over the next couple of years, others dismissed it for saline aromas that they termed “fishy.”
Was probably better a year or two ago; now it's losing steam and smelling and tasting oily and pithy. Aromas of almond skins denote old age, and while there's still vital acidity and leftover citrus flavors, it's fast approaching its deadline. Best to wait for the 2010, or even the 2011.
This interesting Chard strikes Chablisian notes in the mineral flavors that veer into apples, peaches and pineapples, and the high natural acidity. The wine trades opulence for a steely, structural elegance, and a complexity in the finish that fascinates.
The lifted nose seems like an amalgam of chalk and dried apples along with lemon zest. The aromas are reminiscent of evolving Riesling but this is not the only grape in this expressive and highly aromatic field blend. While there is distinct residual sweetness on the palate, this has a counterweight in the rich texture of the midpalate. There is something authentic and deeply comforting and satisfying at the core of this wine that says Alsace. It's impossible to put this wine into a box, it needs to be tasted and enjoyed on its very own terms. The finish is medium sweet, totally soil-driven and very, very long. This is an experience rather than a drink. Drink now through 2035.
Bold and generous, with a gorgeous purple-garnet color and spicy cracked pepper notes. The palate has an odd metallic character but there's loads of spice and caramel character popping through the sweet, ripe boysenberry fruit on the finish. A serious effort.
Juicy at first, this wine begins to dull on the palate, offering not much in terms of flavor, with plenty of powerful tannin.
Plum, tobacco and cheesy aromas register as spicy and rustic on the nose. A raw, hard-tannin palate offers herbal flavors of thyme and rosemary to go with chocolate and raspberry notes. Toasty oak, heat and length on the finish suggest that this may improve over the next five years.
The wine is very crisp, but a tight, nervy and almost bitter acidity cuts through and is almost shocking. Maybe it will soften in a few months.
This small production wine showcases the qualities of Pinot Meunier. It's rich and smooth, with plenty of white fruit and an intense streak of lime crispness. Having already had time to mature, it hints at toastiness on the finish. Drink now.
There's a light whiff of nail polish remover here, and little evidence of ripe fruit. Some flavors of stem come up with the tannins, and overall this is a wine best drunk soon.
This is the most recent release of this amazing wine. Pure Tannat. Aged for 40 months in new wood, it took its time to become so beautifully drinkable. It is, of course, dense with typical dusty Tannat tannins and with mature secondary flavors of dried fruit, spices and intense acidity. It is ready to drink.
Nice and dry, with spicy citrus and tropical fruit flavors, enhanced with crisp acidity. A bit thin, though, with a watery finish. Ultimately, a disappointment from this fine winery.
100% barrel fermented in 50% new French oak, this wine is dominated by flavors of buttered toast, vanilla and butterscotch. Underneath all the oak is a wine that's quite brisk with acidity and a delicious pineapple-jam flavor.
A beautifully ripened Pinot Noir from a great vintage. Shows plush flavors of cherries, raspberries, pomegranates, blood oranges, cola and peppery spices that are wrapped into a rich, silky mouthfeel. This dry, complex wine is a joy to drink.
Tornesi's Brunello is packed with sharp red fruit, bright cherry and raspberry. Touches of white mushroom and natural rubber render an earthy, elegant feel and the wine ends with clean, polished tannins.
This Brut Prosecco Superiore opens with mineral dryness and a touch of smoke or crushed granite that gives it a steely and vibrant personality. White almond and citrus mark the close.
This is a rich, ripe and full-bodied blend that includes Alicante Bouschet to give the dark color. It has structure and juicy blackberry fruits. The tannins, integrated with the fruitiness, are supple and generous. This is a wine to drink soon, from late 2016.
Roughly half Shiraz, with the balance divided between Grenache and Mourvèdre, former Penfolds winemaker John Duval's second vintage on his own features lots of dusty earth and spice, sprinkled over cherry fruit. Tannins are soft, the mouthfeel lush, with the cherries turning tart on the finish. Drink now–2014.
There is great texture in this wine. It is structured, tannic with a strong pepper bite balanced by acidity. Citrus fruit shows through with fresh acidity and a tangy aftertaste.
Slightly leesy, oily aromas are mature, with notes of salami, apple and melon popping up. The palate is lush and round, with good acidity keeping things vertical. Leesy flavors of melon, vanilla, spiced apple and brine finish chunky, with moderate complexity.
Heady floral and honey scents mingled with a freshness give this sparkler a distinctive edge, and on the palate, the lush sweetness is lifted by good acidity. The wine is undeniably sweet, but minerality keeps it from being cloying.
Lusciously ripe red cherry tinged with peppery spice sets the tone—this is dense with fruit but still light on its feet. Typically a finicky grape, this example of St. Laurent shows with style and grace. The palate is wonderfully balanced showing real resonance. While beautiful now, there is potential to develop. Drink now-2018.
A fruity, dry Syrah that has delicious blackberry, blueberry, anise and spice flavors. It's pretty tannic, but a nice beef or lamb dish will help cut through the astringency. It's structure is classy and elegant. Easily Arcadian's best Syrah, it drinks well now when decanted, and it should develop over the next six years.
Strong in black cherry, red currant, cola and licorice flavors, this wine shows Pinot's silky texture as well as crisp Central Coast acidity. Drink now.
Like the winery's other Pinot Noir, this seems way underpriced for the quality. Its subtle layers of cherry and plum are enhanced with baking spice, toasted coconut and caramel highlights. It can easily stand beside wines costing twice as much. Drink now through 2028.
The nose is shy and merely hints at lemon zestiness. The palate also opens with lemon zest but in a very concentrated full-on fashion with a citrus blast. There is a softer touch of orange and tangerine, too. The freshness is bundled and has ample drive and energy. This certainly is juicy, citrus fresh and off dry. The finish is whistle-clean and very refreshing.
A smooth, modern and rich version of Chilean Syrah that's bringing it. The nose is full of mineral, graphite, coconut and heavenly black fruit, while the palate is bright, pure and delicious as it leans toward black-currant liqueur, blackberry and boysenberry. Fruity to the max, with a meaty finish and plenty of body. Drink now through 2013.
Textbook Pinot Grigio, crisp in acidity and slightly sweet, with brilliant lemongrass, pineapple, pear, green apple and honeysuckle flavors. So easy to drink, at a great price. With production at 15,000 cases, it's easy to find.
This is an exotic, flashy wine, marked by layers of ripe, sweet tropical fruit. Honey, peaches and mangoes are plump and mouthfilling, but end with elegance and finesse, making for a finely balanced wine worthy of the two-star accolade.
Aromas of toasted nut, oak and ripe citrus lead the nose. The soft palate offers mature yellow apple, candied lemon zest, roasted hazelnut and a hint of pastry cream alongside an airy perlage.
A scratchy, rough nose with forced creamy oak aromas is also a bit fiery and hot. A heavy palate with surface-level oak tastes more of clove and cured beef than honest fruit. A sticky, cloying palate is creamy and overtly oaky.
This wine is 80% Syrah, 10% Mourvèdre and 10% Grenache. It brings unusual aromas of sawdust, mushroom, Band Aid, dark fruit and spice. The palate is lush and full, showing warmth on the finish.
Plump and soft in the mouth, with ripe apple and pear flavors underscored by tangy notes of passion fruit.
Medicinal, rubbery, oaky berry aromas are ripe by Leyda Pinot Noir standards. This is full in body and offers much-needed grip and structure. Beefy, maximum-ripe flavors of cherry and plum finish earthy, leathery and a touch salty.
From one of the estates belonging to the Lapalu family, this wine is structured with dusty tannins and a dry core. There is fruit, fresh with black-currant acidity and spice. It needs time to lose the edge of toasty wood-aging. Drink from 2018.
A nice, Beaune-style Pinot, rich in cherry and spice fruit, with good oak and medium-bodied. It's balanced in acids and tannins, with a smooth mouth feel, a good food wine.
Bold aromas of black plum, licorice and chocolate mark the nose, with accents of turmeric and dried herb adding interest. This medium- to full-bodied Bordeaux-style red blend is confident and muscular, bearing toasty and chocolaty flavors. The finish is warm, structured and enduring.
Here's a bright, crisp young Chard. It's bone dry and vibrant in Meyer lemon, tropical fruit, spice and vanilla smoke flavors, with a keen, tangy streak of minerality. Tremendously versatile as a food wine due to its balance and finesse.
Intense acidity precedes the ripe yellow fruits of this bright wine. It has a rich texture that's very minerally and steely, pairing with a vanilla note from its wood aging. It's a wine to be consumed young, over the next 2–3 years.
Grown on the higher ground near Anderson Valley, this wine has a rather light color with a transparent, tawny rim. It's a likeable, lean wine with vivid black tea, cranberry and red cherry in both the aromas and the flavor. Tannins are firm but light. It offers good astringency, medium body and a lingering spicy finish.
Ripe and lush, this off-dry Gewürztraminer shows remarkable balance between its acidity and ripeness. It has abundant rose petal, spice and musk tones, and the exotic spice note intensifies on the midpalate, before extending toward the jasmine-tea-flavored finish.
Soft and ripe, it has attractive peach and pear fruits and a lively shot of lemon acidity. It's rounded, rich and ready to drink.
Enticing wildflower, chopped herb and ripe orchard fruit scents abound in this radiant wine. The palate doles out white peach, yellow pear and nectarine notes, with stony mineral accents. Fresh acidity brightens the creamy flavors.
Parcels of vines on the Phélan-Ségur estate are used for this second label. The wine, with its firm tannins, is developing well. It has structure and a dense texture along with ripe blackberry fruits and acidity. As it develops, it will be generous and ripe. Drink from 2018.
From beautiful vineyards on the Vulture volcano in southern Italy, Divinus opens with savory aromas of leather and cured meat, followed by dried berry and prune. Polished tannins and tones of lead pencil  and smoke indicate the wine is aging nicely.
Aromas of cocoa, spice, vanilla and dark fruit lead, with the oak (20% new French and American) playing a significant role. The blue-fruit flavors are plump in feel, narrowing toward the finish.
A delicious Pinot Noir, made in the light, forward style that's so popular today. Drink it now for the silky lushness of the raspberry and cherry jam, sweet toasted oak and cinnamon spice flavors.
Blossom honey, a touch of melon and fresh, fragrant red-apple fruit make for an appetizing nose. On the palate these alluring flavors are joined by the generous, rounded notion of sponge cake. Towards the finish the pure freshness of bright lemon takes over, and fine bubbles offer fruit and creaminess. It's a balanced and appetizing rosé with a lasting, beautifully yeasty finish.
Deep blueberry fruit, sweet tobacco, chocolate syrup and minty lift show on the nose of this bottling from a vineyard to the far south of Paso. An almost overwhelming, eye-watering acidity presents intense flavors of baked blackberry and dried herbs.
Attractive on the nose, with violet, cherry and a bit of candy. Round and satisfying in the mouth, with full berry flavors and mouthcoating tannins. Not all that nuanced or complex, but good in a dense, hit-me sort of way.
This is one of those catch-all blends that seems made up of all the wines left over after the varietals have been bottled. It's Sauvignon Blanc, Pinot Grigio and Gewürz, something of a mongrel. At a low price, it would be okay, since it's acidic and dry, but this is too much.
Too Porty and raisiny, with chocolate and dried berry flavors. Seems tired. Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petite Sirah.
In 2009, this vineyard's yields were reduced, and production of this wine was cut to just 75 cases. It is compact and astringent to such a degree that even 24 hours of breathing time does little to make it budge. Flavors of cassis, white pepper and a hint of herb poke out from a bed of tannins. It's just too soon to tell where this is going.
Smooth and fresh, packed with juicy fruit, this is an immediately accessible, young wine. Black currant and plum juice, bright acidity. Drink next year.
Dryness and acidity mark this orange-colored Pinot Noir. It shows strong flavors of raspberries, strawberries and tangerine zest. Needs salty, umami-style foods, like bacon, sausage, ham, salted nuts, olives.
Crisp green-apple freshness blends with hints of butter and vanilla for a nicely balanced, un-oaky, medium-bodied wine at a very reasonable price.
Opulent and captivating, this Chard captures the rich, bells and whistles style of California, while maintaining a sense of style and elegance. Coastal acidity provides a bracing structure for the ripe pineapple, lime, pear, white flower and mineral flavors.
Made entirely from the native grape Nerello Cappuccio grown on Mount Etna, this polished wine opens with aromas of ripe red berries, underbrush, violet and leather. The delicious palate delivers succulent wild cherry, ripe raspberry, carob, cocoa and orange peel alongside silky, smooth tannins.
Jumpy berry aromas are crisp and slightly charred. Rugged tannins and alert acidity create a high-energy palate. Dark flavors of black fruits and chocolate are slightly herbal, while flavors of herbs, clove and wood spice control an aggressive, fiery finish.
Rather blocky and oaky at first, this can seem a bit overwhelmed with flavors from barrel aging. The tightly-wound red fruits appear slowly with hours of breathing, along with some alcohol heat in the finish. Give this as much aerating as possible.
Still quite youthful, this wine is closed and tight, but full of potential. Flavors of citrus fruits, mango and pear are layered elegantly with wood. It's a ripe, while crisp wine that's tightly structured and powerful. Drink from 2016.
Bright garnet in color, this delicate wine has aromas of cassis, sour cherry and violet, plus a drying touch of mineral. The mouthfeel is lean, fresh and sharp.
Firm from the start, with centered black cherry aromas that are easy and recognizable. Very ripe and fruity, with cherry and raspberry flavors that are ordinary but nice. Flush in the mouth and on the finish, where spice and drying tannins make their mark.
From superstar fashion designer Roberto Cavalli and his son Tommaso comes this plush blend of Merlot (90%) and Alicante that is aged 10 months in French oak. Le Redini is a soft, velvety wine that shows food-friendly flavors of exotic spice, black cherry and dried tobacco.
This wine doesn't fully come together, with a somewhat uncomfortable mixture of grapy aromas, wood and herbs. It's medium bodied with cherry flavors and grainy tannins, trailing toward the finish.
This small planting at Celilo can stand as the textbook example of what Washington Pinot Noir should be: elegant, refined, aromatic, svelte and graceful. It's definitely a feminine wine, in all the best senses of the word. Though light, it's not thin or wimpy. The tart red fruits lead into streaks of earth and metal in the finish, which has surprising length and grip.
Seresin's 2009 Leah is already mature. An evolved, earthy aroma of fresh compost adds a layer of interest to the pretty cherry fruit. As the name suggests,  this is a delicate, feminine style, with silky tannins and restrained weight. Drink now.
This is a beautifully crafted 40-30-30 blend of Cannonau, Carignano and Bovale with dark concentration and vibrant cherry fruit, bold espresso and background notes of toast, vanilla bean and cedar thanks to 12 months in barrique. All these aromas are contained within an elegant whole and the wine's quality is evident. Firm in structure: drink after 2008.
Four 2007 kabinetts from the Sonnenuhr vineyard in one flight, and all scored 90 points or better, including this beauty, which features white peaches, honeysuckle and a squirt of lime to go along with pear and vanilla notes. It's round and lush yet balanced, if somewhat on the rich, sweet side.
Too oaky, with vanilla and caramel aromas and flavors the main thing, and fruit only secondary. If you try hard you'll find blackberries and kirsch. On the plus side, the wine is fully dry, with lovely Napa tannins.
Solid fruit brings firm, taut black cherry and cola flavors to the front. This is a muscular, flavorful, somewhat blocky wine that brings Pinot Noir up to burger wine status—and you may take that as a compliment. Some barrel toast adds butter and almond to the finish.
This formidable Rhône-style blend has a deep color, smoky, toasted, and grilled-meat aromas, a dense and chewy texture and focused flavors like blackberries and black pepper. The concentration is quite good, the balance and tannins are very firm, preparing this wine for a long life. Drink after 2019.
Pepper and focus characterize the slender, tart fruit of this refreshing, vibrant red. The tannins have that lovely palpable verve that signals just a little rusticity. Have this with hearty food or charcuterie. Thanks to the fresh acidity this is rather versatile with food—experiment.
The first producer in the United States to craft traditional Trockenbeerenauslese-style Riesling, Dr. Frank's is still one of the very best. Deep gold in color, this luscious nectar fills the glass with aromas of candied orange and honeysuckle. Honey, dried mango and pineapple and exotic potpourri notes undulate persistently on the palate, ending in a languid tea leaf and honey finish.
Cranberry, spice and fresh herb give this peppery Pinot plenty of flavor interest. Definitely on the earthy and herbal side, this juicy wine is a good go-to bottle for everyday drinking.
Bone-dry, earthy and gritty yet not really tannic, this is one of those wines that goes with almost anything calling for a dry red. There's a cherry tone and peppery finish that suggest tender beef.
Wisps of smoke offer a savory introduction to this semi-sweet Riesling full of honey and yellow peach flavors. It's straightforward in style, yet unabashedly tasty with ripe, lush fruit countered by a shock of tangerine acidity. Finishes moderately long with lingering hints of pollen and honeysuckle.
This softly structured, user-friendly Chard boasts prototypical barrel-fermented notes of cashews, buttered toast and grilled peaches, carried along by a full-bodied, lush mouthfeel. Finishes long, with well integrated oak. Drink now.
Lean and angular on the nose, with crisp cherry and rhubarb aromas. Surprisingly elegant in the mouth, with citrus notes, zesty raspberry, clean cherry and a lightness of being. Nice in an unassuming way, with a touch of complexity.
Prosecco “Frizzante” usually implies that the effervescence is softer and less intense than a standard sparkling wine. This expression, however, offers a steady stream of steely bubbles with citrus, peach and floral overtones.
This opens with aromas suggesting toast, dark-skinned berry, smoke and a balsamic note. The firm palate delivers dried black cherry, licorice, sage and a hint of clove alongside assertive tannins. Drink after 2020.
The orange, apple and hay notes here taste slightly mature, but have character and appeal. Medium weight, with a faintly viscous feel, the wine finishes dry and smooth. Verdejo generally shows better younger and brisker, but this is still good current drinking. —M.M.
Right Bank seems a bit geographically challenged as a name for Pinot Noir; the term universally refers to a particular region of Bordeaux, not Burgundy. This brings dark fruits—blackberry and black cherry—along with streaks of earth, smoke and firm tannins.
Brick in color, turning tawny at the rim, this plump blend of a half-dozen grape varieties displays ample complexity in its notes of caramelized nuts, dried cherries and baking spices. It's a pleasant post-dinner drink, with just the right touch of tannins remaining on the finish.
Lightweight but amply wooded, this is an earthy wine tinged with cedar, mocha and campfire smoke. Drink up.
This is a soft wine that has plenty of red-berry fruits, bright acidity and a light fruity texture. It is dry although the softness gives it an apparent sweetness. Drink now.
Soft and round, with an undeniable Old World-like balance, this wine shows dark chocolate, tobacco and tar notes. Its power derives from its complex texture, imbued with a smoky oak essence and clove and graphite accents.
Pronounced notes of struck flint and burnt matches take quite a while to dissipate, but reveal prettier tones of lemon, grapefruit and lime aromas with aeration. It's a smoky savory wine with delicate fruit concentration but it's also zesty and refreshing.
A lovely Cabernet, smoky and rich, tannic and elegant, with the complexity and concentration that define Mount Veeder. With its smooth, velvety texture, cassis liqueur and new oak flavors, it's as flashy as anything out there. The winemaker has done a great job of blending in Malbec and Petit Verdot to create a Cabernet of compelling interest. Drink now–2020.
Here's a strange Sauvignon with aromas of caper and dill weed that are backed by pungent aromas of bitter almond and mature peach. The wine has a tonic, soda-like quality in the mouth and a bitter close.
Gold in color, then oaky and resiny, with a strong barrel element, honey and baked fruit on the nose. Full, sticky and catchy in the mouth, with resin, toast and baked apple and peach flavors. A unique style of mature, barrel-aged Viura. Not for everyone.
This tangy, ripe and fruity wine is crisp with acidity. It's attractively brimming with fruit and ready to drink.
The latest vinous tribute to The King, this Syrah-Alicante blend is dark, soft, sweet, high in alcohol at 16.1% and oaky. Not my favorite kind of wine, but it is what it is.
Dilute red fruits and a tomato paste flavor are the story here, with no varietal character. Some earthy, roasted barrel flavors come up but are not well-integrated.
The nose seems lean and vaguely unripe. You get aromas of chocolate and green olives, and the most distant whiff of meat. Of course there's a great deal of oak, including American, which lends vanillin and smoky notes, but still an impression of leanness carries through in the mouth. It struggles to say the word “fruit.” It's also very tannic. That aside, it may soften and improve in time.
An intense blend of Nero d'Avola, Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot that beautifully underlines the producer's individualistic winemaking philosophy. There are earthy, iron-like tones with blackberry, spice and cracked white pepper. The Cabernet portion renders a tight, tannic backbone. Imported by Banville & Jones Wine Merchants.
With attractive acidity, this perfumed wine has a bright character and plenty of black-currant flavors. It's not a concentrated wine however it does have an attractive fruitiness. Bordeaux Sciences Agro school uses this 55-acre vineyard for training and experiments.
In complete contrast to the same winery's Versátil, this wine's blend of cherries, dried spices and vanilla is terrifically appealing, with a firm structure that helps carry the weight of the fruit. Drink now or hold 3–4 years.
Rich and round, this offers plenty of concentrated blackberry notes enveloped in warm spices and supple oak. There's a hint of green tomato leaves throughout, but the lush fruit combined with sturdy grape tannins and high acidity would pair well with fatty short ribs or braised pork.
This is as well-balanced an interpretation of Roussanne as they come in California—proudly plump but not flabby. Light gold in color, it offers caramelized banana, custard, beeswax and apple blossom aromas. A backbone of lemony acidity runs through the palate, buttressed with ripe melon, mango and more tropical fruit flavors.
This informal wine opens with a dark, ruby color and pretty notes of red berry, rose and pipe tobacco.
Subdued on the nose, this wine still needs to stretch its proverbial muscles. Its flavors of cherry liqueur, rum cake, blackberry and forest underbrush give voice to a clean, traditional winemaking philosophy.
The nose is spicy and enticing, with highlights of pineapple and grapefruit. On the palate, the fruit is tart but nicely balanced, with defining acidity and a finishing pat of butter.
DVX is Mumm Napa's top of the line vintage bottling. This '02 is a 50-50 blend of Pinot Noir and Chardonnay, making it a brut. It's very high in acidity, and the bubbles are tiny and refined, giving it the ultra-smooth mouthfeel you want in a superior sparkling wine. The raspberry, lime and pear flavors are rich, but subtle, reined in by yeastiness and a tangy minerality. Drink this luxurious bubbly now and over the next 10 years.
Ice wines are a rarity in Washington. This one offers aromas of orange peel, flowers and candied ginger, seeming to show a touch of oxygen exposure. It's sweet (155g/L residual sugar) but is still quite deft in style.
Meaty and savory, this is surprisingly full-bodied and supple for a Yarra Valley Syrah. Blackberry and spice notes balance out the meatiness, imparting a bright, mouthwatering juiciness to the long finish.
Too sweet, almost like a dessert wine, this Chard has sugary flavors of pineapple custard, with caramelized wood vanillins. Could use greater balance and subtlety.
Tough going now with this very dry, young Syrah. Acidity and tannins star, making the wine astringent and burying the fruit. Yes, there's a deep core of black currants and blueberries, but it's a question whether aging will allow them to emerge.
This smells far better than it feels or tastes. The nose offers black fruit and graham cracker notes, but the palate is sharp and punchy, with sour plum and rhubarb flavors that finish herbal and briny.
Cascina del Monastero's base Barolo shows simple fruit tones and offers an easy, straight shooter approach overall. You'll get aromas of wild berry, cola and spice and the wine is firm and compact on the close. In all, it comes off as an informal interpretation of one of the world's greatest wines.
From one of the great Douro estates, this dense, intensely perfumed wine is just setting out on a long journey. Tannins and a complex structure give an initial impression of dryness. They are followed by the richest of black fruits, dark cherries and a balance between sweetness and acidity. Drink this long-lived wine from 2025.
The problem with this Zin is heat, as in 16.1% alcohol. While the wine is fully dry, that alcoholic burn districts from the otherwise tasty wild berry and spice flavors and smooth tannins.
Though simple, this is a fresh, crisp, lightly herbal wine, with fruit flavors emphasizing melon and citrus.
Very delicious in flavor, with rich cherries, red currants, cola, caramelized oak, anise, cocoa and pepper, and the texture is as smooth as silk. But curiously soft, showing more elegance than depth. Drink now.
This is a very interesting wine from Sardinia (made with the native Carignano grape) that exhibits perfumed aromas of black fruit, cola, smoked meat and Asian spice that all fall nicely into place. The wine shows medium density on the palate but does a nice job of presenting its elegant fruit tones.
The nose suggests freshly cut Russet pear peel. The palate, slightly dilute, has a bitter edge and expresses just a little of that ripe pear suggested on the nose. Freshness helps the wine to finish dry. Drink soon while aromas hold.
Big and ripe, this has flavors of apricots and stewed green plums, with a fine zing of acidity. It shows weight and richness, with a taut, nervy outer shell that demands aging. Age this for 3–4 years.
Aromas of cocoa, blue fruit, herb and spice are followed by dried-out fruit flavors. Medicinal and game notes linger on the finish.
This is a yeasty offering that's full on the palate, with a rich mousse. Yellow and white fruits contribute to its richness, a touch of bitterness balanced with the fruity acidity. Drink now, or age for a year.
A dark and chewy Malbec, this displays a well-balanced mix of black fruits. Acids accent the wine like a wash of citrus. It's young and still pulling itself together, but the material and styling are excellent.
Winemakers Anthony Riboli and Arnaud Debons crafted this blend of 36% Cabernet Sauvignon, 28% Malbec, 21% Petit Verdot, 11% Petite Sirah and 4% Syrah to celebrate the winery's 100th year, with big and tasty results. Ripe blackberry, black currant, blueberry, caramel and dried herb aromas show on the nose, while dark elderberry, lavender and thyme flavors mark the palate. The package is rich and powerful, yet spicy and structured.
Leafy raspberry aromas are offset by cured-meat notes of sausage or ballpark hot dogs. This has a creamy yet flabby mouthfeel with barely detectable acidity. Baked cherry and raspberry flavors show touches of cinnamon and chocolate, while the finish is dull.
Spanish broom, white flower and mature white stone fruit notes commingle on the nose The round, ripe palate offers white peach, juicy pear and candied nectarine flavors, with a bitter almond-inflected finish.
What a lovely wine this is from Hungary, with its heady cedar/cigarbox and plum aromas and elegant, plush flavors. Soft tannins, good structure, and ageability add to the wine's appeal. Complexity without a headache--a wine with class.
With flavors of cherry and raspberry sap, this is a syrupy young wine made brisk by keen acidity. Oak adds to the impression of sweetness, with a buttered toast and caramelized richness. As delicious as a pastry tart now, but try giving it 4-5 years to gain some bottle notes.
Walter Dacon's three Syrahs are well made, but so very much alike it is hard to understand why they warrant three separate bottlings, at three different prices. The Magnifique takes us back to the French oak treatment, again pure Syrah, from a mix of Red Mountain, Horse Heaven Hills and Yakima Valley vineyards. Just 160 cases produced.
With its concentrated yellow fruits, this is already a powerful wine. It is packed with acidity, toast, peach flavors and minerality, starting out as a gorgeously rich wine from a ripe vintage. Of course, it will age over many years; open in 10 years.
Fresh and easy going, this offers generous fullness and intense notes of apricot, honeydew and Golden Delicious apple.
Heavier and denser in every respect than the regular Sauvignon Blanc, this wine, a 60-40 blend with Sémillon, is also strongly leesy. The citrus flavors hit the palate with a strong dose of rich sour cream notes. The wine is dry and practically cries out for garlicky dishes.
This is a big, burly wine, hedonistically ripe in blackberry jam, black currant and espresso. A leathery texture gives it body and weight that never gives up, finishing in a shaker's worth of black pepper.
Hailing from the winery's Arena Valley Vineyard, this wine has notes of dried cranberry and currant. Cranberry juice-like flavors are accented by oaky spice.
Italians use the word “piacione” to describe a wine with irresistible intensity, softness and complexity. This is a piacione, or super-pleasurable wine, in the most positive meaning of the word. It shows loads of depth, personality and endurance. You'll love the vanilla chocolate and bright cherry finish.
Soft and ripe, this is a refreshing wine that has a dash of Moscatel in the blend to give a perfumed character. It is light in texture, very fruity and ready to drink.
A touch medicinal and candied; smells like red Jolly Rancher, mashed black plum guts and cherries. Simple but drinkable with a lighter weight and decent finish.
Terraced vineyards with poor soil allow the Riesling to struggle as it ripens. This gives terroir-driven mineral tension to this tight, coiled wine, full of acidity and grapefruit flavors. The aftertaste is so fresh that the wine seems to just float away.
Stalky, herbal berry and plum aromas are gamy as well. This blend of Tempranillo, Syrah and Garnacha feels clipped, with tomato-like acidity. Herbal plum flavors come with a note of oregano and a dash of salt.
This Barolo shows ripe black cherry and plum aromas with spice undertones. The concentrated palate shows dark cherry, white pepper, mint and menthol. It has a delicious creamy texture and big, brooding tannins. While this will evolve nicely for the next few years, it's a tad shy on acidity so don't lay it down for ages.
Tartness and moderate tannins lend plenty of mouth-puckering grip to this medium-bodied wine, and that tartness comes off as a touch of raspberry vinegar on the palate. It has an appealing earthy, iron-like quality and a definite textural bite.
Lifted heady notes of Damask rose rise from the glass alongside lemony tang. The palate brims with the same rose petal notes but also holds plenty of spice: sandalwood and ginger, white pepper and the merest touch of vanilla. The palate is concentrated and rounded with gentle sweetness, countered by fresh lemon acidity. The persistence of flavors on the palate is incredible. Serve this either with fruity spicy Asian fare or runny, soft and very ripe cheeses.
Dark pink in the glass, this bubbly is incredibly foamy throughout the experience. It begins with aromas of strawberry, raspberry, plum and red apple, then explodes with bubbles on the palate, which make it hard to find the sour pomegranate and plum-skin flavors that eventually emerge.
An enormously fruity wine that seems to trade subtlety for sheer exuberance. Offers gigantic flavors of raspberry granola candy bar, cherry liqueur, vanilla and buttered cinnamon toast, and although that sounds sweet, the wine is fully dry, with crisp coastal acidity and finely ground tannins. Hard to see how it will age, but delicious now and for a couple years.
Though this bottling saw no malolactic fermentation or oak, the aromas are well rounded, with smoked lemon and kiwi notes. The palate offers lemon curd and apple-sauce flavors, with hints of smokiness, even without the oak.
Some firm tannins give solid structure and smoky character to this wine, an exotic blend of Merlot, Abouriou and Malbec. The juicy berry fruits are round and full in the mouth. It's a ripe wine, with a solid structure that gives balance to the fruitiness.
91–93. Barrel sample. Rich blackberry fruits are surrounded by a dense structure on this wine. The palate is ripe, but balanced with acidity, juiciness and a solid concentrated character.
A simple expression of Cannonau, this has notes of dark fruit and prune, followed by sweet spice and leather accents. It would pair well with grilled sausages.
Gently soft wine, with a creamy character. There are light white and citrus fruit flavors, hints of green herbs and just the right amount of acidity.
Classic botrytis sweet and dry flavors bring out the rich honey and lemon juice. The wine also has freshness, a tight edge of orange and sweet chutney spice. A great example of sweet Gaillac.
Notes of strawberry and red cherry surface on the nose, followed by touches of beeswax, dill and exotic spice. This is a medium-bodied wine with enough tannins to lend structural support. The finish bears delicate cinnamon and herbal-tea flavors that linger with some astringency.
This is a real apéritif wine, full of approachable fruit and ripe lychee and spice flavors. It's a generous wine that's cut with some acidity from the vintage. The aftertaste brings out a stylish, balanced character.
Earthy in anise and blue fruit, this wine is inexplicably crisp and plush at the same time, showing the allure of the variety in its rose petal aromas. Medium bodied and velvety, it follows through in cassis and pomegranate flavors.
Made in a fuller-bodied style, this wine remains nonetheless balanced, the acidity subtle but offering structure and freshness. On the nose, tropical coconut and orange zest is suggested, while the palate remains soft and mouthfilling in juicy black cherry, an intensity of oak rising on the finish.
There are rich tannins and a fairly dense mouthfeel to this Pinot, making it a bit ponderous now, although it may improve over the next three to five years. It's a dry wine, with good cherry fruit and significant oak. It feels low in acidity, and lacking zest.
Sharp, spicy, tight, and focused, this is one of the best of the numbered Cabs from Dunham in the past few years. It's sleek, polished and sappy, with perfect balance, and a riveting depth of black raspberry, black cherry and cassis fruit. The tannins are soft and polished, hinting at black tea and coffee grounds.
Stainless-steel fermented, this Sierra Foothills' Sauvignon Blanc is creamy, with great texture, and lilting layers of light peach, kiwi, lime and melon. Delicious—enjoy it with seafood or goat cheese on crackers.
Produced in this village in the hills behind the main slope of the Côte de Beaune, this wine is smooth and rich. Fine, soft tannins easily integrate into the sweet texture and red-plum fruit. The acidity is there, giving a wine that is both fresh and generous. Drink from 2018.
Fresh on the front end, this offers lean, citrusy aromas suggestive of grapefruit and lime. A citric, cutting palate brings lime, green apple and pickled mango flavors in front of a zesty but basic finish. Drink now.
An intense, sweet wine, this is packed full of orange flavors, citrus fruits and a touch of smokiness. A great wine, it's a delicious mix of fruits and mineral characters from the limestone soil of the Grasberg vineyard. Imported by Lauber Imports.
This off-dry Riesling offers an abundance of juicy lemon and green apple refreshment. It's approachable and fresh with a lingering sweetness that's not at all cloying. The finish is brisk and clean.
A blend of 70% Syrah, 20% Grenache and 10% Carignan, this opens with skin-driven, black-fruit aromas and accents of savory herbs and forest floor. The medium-weight mouth offers gripping yet fine tannins and a decadent richness to the black cherry core.
Violet, rose, wild berry, chopped herb and dark spice aromas float out of the glass. The friendly, robust palate doles out black cherry, ground pepper and rhubarb alongside fresh acidity and round tannins. Enjoy soon.
The dark color tells you right away this is no ordinary vin de pays. Then you sniff it and get cedar, black currants and blackberries. The finish has juicy acidity and dusty tannins, suggesting a couple years' cellaring may be warranted. Impressive.
A beautiful Cabernet for drinking now and over the next few years. It's dry and fine, with appealing blackberry, black currant, herb and cedar flavors all the way through the finish. Excellent price for a Cab of this quality. Easy to find with 36,000 cases produced.
This 100% Sauvignon Blanc dessert bottling is fermented in new French oak, and is aged one year on lees. Rich honey, peach and nectarine fruit could have rendered this wine too sweet and sloppy; instead, its light, gravelly texture keeps it from being too cloying. Honey, mustard grains and light talc on the nose, and a nutty, crème brulee-like finish add elegance where, again, candy could otherwise have reigned.
This fresh and buoyant Rosso di Montalcino offers aromas of cherry, red currants, almond marzipan and subtle shadings of exotic spice. The mouthfeel is simple and genuine with a fine, compact feel and soft cherry nuances.
Nutty and fresh, with youthful citrus fruit enveloped in a dense layer of caramel and vanilla from toasty oak treatment. There's good density here and a long, flavorful finish that ends on a cashew note. Better after 2011.
This blend of 70% Nerello Mascalese and 30% Nocera offers ripe red-skinned berry, violet and Mediterranean scrub aromas. The juicy, vibrant palate doles out crushed raspberry, red cherry, almond and citrus zest notes with bright acidity and refined tannins. Enjoy through 2025.
Tight acidity characterizes this wine. It's fresh, touched by some toastiness and minerality. The dominant character is the fresh herbaceous character that brings out sliced apple and chive flavors. Attractive now, it will be even better in 2016.
Reduced on the nose, this massively intense and tannic wine is big, dense and juicy, broadly etched in leather, blackberry, currant and black licorice. Full-bodied and oaky, it shows the concentration of the vintage and the ripeness of the appellation and style.
With stalky fruit and black currant acidity, the wine starts out lean. Then a richer, smoky wood character gives weight and sweeter flavors. Give the wine a year.
Luminous and fresh, this opens with aromas of red berry, violet, chopped herb and a whiff of baking spice. The vibrant, linear palate offers red cherry, strawberry, white pepper and star anise alongside racy acidity and polished tannins. Enjoy through 2018.
Simple, straightforward and approachable, this fairly priced wine shows a depth of red currant, cherry and cassis alongside moderate acidity and subtle oak. It should please fans of lightly styled yet bold reds.
This Grand Cru Classé, with its 25% Cabernet Franc, is rich and opulently textured. It brims with ripe berry fruits, plus dense tannins that are supple and well integrated. Still developing, it's full in the mouth and is becoming a generous wine, more fruit than long-term structure. Drink from 2017.
Dried cherry and blackberry aromas abound on this robustly fruity, yet elegant Bordeaux-style wine. High proportions of Cabernet Franc and Merlot seem to accentuate flavors of ripe red-cherries touched with bramble and mint. Velvety tannins penetrate through the finish.
Dense and rich, this wine has concentrated flavors of botrytis and floral honey. The wine gives the impression of sweetness, with balancing acidity and a core of dryness. Weighty and dense, it's likely to age.
Such a juicy wine. Well-ripened plums, blackberries and raspberries dominate the palate, though here and on the nose there are tea and earth accents, too. Takes on hints of anise with air. Drinking well now. Imported by Orientale Imports LLC.
Shows green, peppery flavors with a strong touch of gooseberry. The combination of acidity and ripe flavors tastes like a lemon candy cough drop. Good, but simple.
A ripe, creamy Chardonnay-like wine, the tropical orange and lychee fruits pointed up with new French wood. The fresh lime acidity cuts through the richness like a knife. This is a complex wine that would profit from a year's aging.
As pale in color as is possible for a rosé, this is bright, crisp and fruity.It has delicious acidity and red apple and citrus flavors, with a burst of red currant on the finish.
I like the dryness of this wine. It shows good fruit, but isn't a fruit bomb, and the flavors are balanced by a good acid-tannin equilibrium. Has a harmonic elegance that persists through a satisfying finish.
This blend of Cabernet Sauvignon (33%), Merlot (33%), Petit Verdot (16%), Malbec (16%) and Cabernet Franc (2%) delivers high toned notes of cocoa, purple flower, green herb and plum, showing whiffs of volatility. The palate is velvety-smooth, with plentiful dark fruit and chocolate flavors backed by burly tannins. Give it time to stretch its legs.
Like Londer's regular Pinot, this two-vineyard blend is light in body and silky. It's also lusher, with a dense core of cherry, cola, rhubarb tea and spice flavors. It's a little flabby, but makes up for it in delicacy.
This Syrah contains some Cabernet Sauvignon, which gives it a solid edge of hard tannins. It's finely constructed and complex, with ripe, elaborate blackberry, black currant, grilled meat, pepper and sandalwood flavors. Tight and young, it will begin to resolve its internal difficulties by 2015.
An aromatically subtle wine with notes of mortared herbs, flowers and cherry. The fruit flavors are elegantly styled, broadening with time, with a slightly gritty feel to the tannins but with a long finish.
This is a big, spicy wine, with very ripe flavors of red berries. It''ss concentrated, with layers of pepper a tight lemon-zest acidity.
A real value wine that's perfect for large-group entertaining. Blueberry and cherry flavors lead here, with glimmers of raspberry leaf adding character. Juicy, light and simple, but good.
A nice, easy-to-drink Sauvignon Blanc marked by clean, crisp acids and dryish flavors of green apples and lemongrass, with just a touch of gooseberry. Versatile with goat cheese, grilled veggies, broiled chicken or a salad of bitter greens and fresh fruit.
Soft and sweet, like a melted fruit tart dessert in wine form. High alcohol gives a burn to the Porty raisin, blackberry and chocolate flavors.
This six-grape blend opens with aromas of charred oak, shoe polish, lemon rind, plum and currant. It's tight, tannic and clampy in feel, with charred berry, spicy herb and citric notes. Bell pepper, spaghetti sauce and rawness define the finish on this snappy, coarse blend. Drink through 2017.
Granit is the sandy granite hillside soil of northern Beaujolais. The vineyard is a neighbor to the Fleurie appellation. This textured wine is rich with cherry and red-currant flavors that are rounded out and have just hint of tannins. The wine could soften even more so wait until early 2016.
Heavy aromas of burnt leaves, rubber and compost overshadow any berry fruit notes, while the palate is creamy in feel, with basic flavors of spiced, earthy cherry and berry. Fairly oaky on the finish and overall a step back in quality from previous vintages.
Prager seemed to be a little inconsistent in 2004, or maybe I just had trouble understanding all of the wines. This one offers plenty of volume, combining passion fruit and pepper in a bold, loud cacophony that I didn't find find very harmonious. Bright and tangy on the finish.
A to Z is on the money once again with this screwcapped Chardonnay, tight but flavorful with mixed tree fruits and more exotic notes of quince and kiwi. Not as outgoing as the 2006, this will reward chilling and a little bit of breathing time, but it's a fair value and a good quaff.
A little too sweet and candied for true greatness, this Pinot, from the Sebastopol area in the southwest Russian River Valley, has LifeSaver flavors of cherries, raspberries, cola and vanilla.
91–93. Barrel sample. While initially tough and almost too extracted, this firm, dark wine has intense density and spice from new wood. As it opens on the palate, slowly hints of juicy black-currant fruit and acidity comes through.
This Bordeaux-style blend, one of four from this tiny winery, is almost three quarters Cabernet Franc. Raspberry and black currant fruit, tight and tart, anchors a focused young wine with nuances of dark chocolate and coffee grounds.
Mossy, balsamic aromas of baked berry fruits and root beer are soft and friendly. In the mouth, this is chunky and fairly tannic, with no glaring holes. Rooty flavors of baked berries and mocha finish with molasses and root beer notes.
Simple, delicate and fruity, a jammy style with sweetly ripe flavors of wild raspberries and strawberries, as well as espresso, tobacco and Oriental spices. It's light and silky on the palate.
An impressive Carmenère for the price. The nose is true to the variety, with tobacco, olive, carob and herbal aromas mixing with ripe berry aromas. It's jammy as well as juicy, and the flavors of black cherry, plum and mocha are healthy and bright. Clean and long on the finish.
This brisk, vinous red, made with 95% Sangiovese and 5% Canaiolo, shows aromas and flavors of crushed berry, grape juice and the barest hint of spice. It also has sharp acidity and an abrupt finish.
Fresh, inviting raspberry, strawberry and tempered vanilla aromas set up a snappy, equally fresh palate of cherry and raspberry. There's no excess heft, beef, extract or color to this wine; it's restrained but not miserly. And it finishes crisp and flashy. Well made and likely good with food.
Dark tones of black cherry and raisin are immediate and upfront but are soon followed by fresh notes of blackberry, mulberry and almond amaretto. Those pretty almond notes (the wine ages 18 months in oak casks) help flesh out a soft wine with excellent dimension and long, caressing flavors.
Better known for Cabernet, Ballentine brings a deft hand to their Block 9 Zin, which has earned high scores for years. The vineyard is in Calistoga, and the warmth has coaxed out intricate flavors of wild red and black berries and cherries, mocha, herbs and spices, with a distinct black pepper note. The tannins are thick, but very fine. Among the top Napa Zins, this wine will age for a decade or longer.
Quite gold in color, with vanilla, candle wax, banana and apricot aromas. All this may make it sound more complex than it is; in reality, it's a basic wine with apple and citrus flavors and a somewhat flat, low-acid feel.
Softly tannic but sharp, with earthy flavors of blackberries, dried herbs and tobacco. Drink now.
Blackberry, oak, spice and chocolate aromas are dealt in equal parts. This feels ripe and fairly plush. Flavors of burnt toast, black pepper and charred wood lead secondary fruit notes across the palate and onto the finish.
This is a good example of Willamette valley pinot, with strong flavors of tomato mixed with pretty plum/cherry fruit. Medium ripe, good tannic grip, and a little bit of heat in the finish. Simple but tasty.
Honey, cream and watermelon notes make for a likable opening. The crisp, citrusy palate is straightforward, with just a hint of softness. Medium lime and fresia finish. Drink now.
The wine is rounded, perfumed and fruity. It has touches of spice and toast from the wood aging, giving a firm background to the ripe black fruits. It is a generous wine that is ready to drink.
Classically crafted, it opens with a fruit-driven fragrance of bright red berries accented with whiffs of cooking spices and balsamic herbs. The juicy palate delivers fleshy black cherry, black raspberry, black pepper and exotic spices alongside big, velvety tannins. Soft and delicious, this is already accessible so enjoy over the next few years.
More pulpy and flat than ideal, but still this wine shows a lot of spirit and Rioja character. It starts with a jumbled nose of lacquer, shoe polish and licorice, while the palate is chewy and dark, with some briary notes. A good effort from a challenging vintage.
An effusive wine, this shows potent, almost sweet aromas and opulent flavors with hints of mint and rosemary. It has a medium body, fine tannins that add nicely to the texture and a lingering finish.
An aromatic, low-alcohol Syrah, this opens with spice, pepper and tart cranberry fruit. It layers in flavors of blue plum and a light wreath of smoke. It's an elegant style, miles away from the usual amped-up blockbuster Northwest Syrahs.
Earthy, rubbery berry and plum aromas are within the range of very good and regular. The palate has tannic grip and roasted, lightly herbal flavors of plum and blackberry. Drawing on the finish, with good pulse and power. A nice full-bodied mix of Malbec and Cab.
A terrific Zinfandel, beautiful to drink now for its soft richness. Flatters the palate with deep, lingering black cherry and raspberry pie filling, vanilla, Indian spice and sandalwood flavors, but is completely dry, with rich, intricate tannins. Only 190 cases were produced, but worth the search.
Two-plus years in the cellar have softened and mellowed this wine, taking off the edges and giving it a nice roundness. It's quite impressive, filled with classically varietal cherry, cola and sweet persimmon fruit, while that famous Russian River acidity gives it a boost of tartness. Drink this delicious, rich wine now–2016.
A big, strong, extracted Cab Franc that floods the mouth with blackberry and cherry jam flavors, with the smoky caramel from oak barrel aging. Doesn't leave much to the imagination, but it sure is delicious and easy to drink.
Youthful and tangy, this new Le Chateau release of pure Petit Verdot reflects a positive change in the winemaking. The spiced-plum, blueberry and cherry flavors are pure and mouthcoating, and the barrel aging (22 months in 30% new French oak) wraps the fruit in vanilla, coffee, and dusty graphite, leading onto the long and satisfying finish.
Shannon Ridge is quietly becoming the king of Lake County, offering wines of both quality and value and this is no exception. This blend is made of Zinfandel, Syrah, Petite Sirah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Mourvèdre. The kitchen-sink approach doesn't muddle the wine in any way; it remains a smooth, fruity, ripe quaff, with a kick of vanilla on the finish.
A blend of 70% Pinot Noir and 30% Chardonnay, this is a true food Champagne. “Our objective was to show how powerful Pinot Noir can get in our wines,” says Charles Philipponnat, and he is right. It is rich but dry, concentrated, slightly spicy, with weight and intensity without losing freshness from the acidity. Imported by Ex-Cellars Wine Agencies, Inc.
According to legend, the Baron of Figuiera got his foot stuck in the stirrup while riding one day. He promised that where his horse stopped, he would build a chapel, and that's where this 2,100 foot high, cool-climate vineyard is today. The wine is crisp and fresh, with attractive citrus notes and plenty of refreshing acidity. Drink now.
Pear, honeydew melon and floral note lift from the glass. The bright, no-frills palate offers up crisp apple and citrus peel while lively acidity provides a tangy finish.
Radiant and earthy, this blend of Frappato and Nero d'Avola boasts enticing scents suggesting dark-skinned berry, leather, sunbaked earth, sea breeze and a floral note. The creamy, succulent palate doles out juicy black cherry, black raspberry, white pepper and aromatic herb alongside supple tannins and fresh acidity. A saline note wraps up the finish. Drink 2017–2024.
Bonterra's Riesling is off dry in style with a bright palate full of sweet applesauce and floral notes. It's light and crisp with lemony layers that finish long. This is a well-priced Riesing for a range of palates, and made from organically-grown grapes. Pair with something super spicy.
This two-acre site dates back to 1975; this is only the fourth time that Ponzi has offered it as a designate. Muscular and authoritative, it is still compact and somewhat unyielding. Dark cherry and cassis fruit is packed with iron filings, coffee grounds and black licorice. Winemaker Luisa Ponzi does her usual excellent job of putting the polish on outstanding fruit. Give it another decade and it will show its best.
Elegant and smooth with just a touch of wood and vanilla to bring out the blueberry fruit flavors. It's deliciously perfumed with soft tannins and a gentle, fruity aftertaste.
Earthy, herbal aromas of cherry and plum come with a funky note of wet dog fur. Hailing from a cool, wet vintage, this is showing shearing acidity and abrasiveness. Quick-hitting raspberry, plum and red-currant flavors end with edginess and snap. This is 40% each Cabernets Sauvignon and Franc, with 20% Monastrell.
This is a delicious wine, fruity and with good depth of flavor to show both crisp acidity and riper white and yellow fruits. The aftertaste of this fine wine is soft and creamy. Drink now.
This is the fifth vintage for this rare Washington version of Petite Sirah. It is almost jet black in the center, purple at the rim, tight and tannic with plenty of acid sculpting the earthy, black cherry fruit. Loaded into the finish are layers of earth, iodine, tar and licorice; it's very well made and retains just enough roughness to satisfy lovers of this often rustic grape.
Blackberry juice mixes with graphite, cedar and dried herbs on this bottling by Fred Brander and Fabian Bravo, which is more focused on earth than ripe fruit. Bright boysenberry fruit is lifted on the palate by more dried herbs and hints of purple flowers.
This boasts a Christmas spice note on top of an earthy, baked berry aroma. It feels grabby, flat and gummy, with syrupy berry flavors along with a load of odd spices. As a whole, this is strangely oaked and doesn't show Garnacha in its best light.
It takes a little time, but if you pay attention to the purity of fruit, this Zweigelt will have you hooked. It's that combination of pure blueberry fruit freshness and gentle but distinct tannic grip that will grab you almost unaware (likely somewhere midpalate) and you will want more. If you like it full-bodied but fresh, this is your wine.
Sometimes high-toned volatile wines can benefit from the added lift to the nose and the fruit, but here it's a bit out of hand. The volatility carries into the flavors, brightening the tart fruit but tasting too close to nail polish in the finish.
Shows a real Burgundian-style earthiness, with rich humous, mushroom and gamy, leathery flavors, marbled with a deep well of spicy plum sauce. This earthy richness, with the distinct tannins, suggests ageability for this dry wine. Best after 2009.
A bit heavy for Pinot Grigio, with soft, fruit juice flavors of oranges, peaches and mangoes.
This is a simple yet well made Chianti Classico with fresh and juicy black fruit, cinnamon spice and dense plum aromas and flavors. It's accessible and versatile for pairing with food; try it with barbecued chicken, spicy soy burgers or pork chops.
Crisp and fresh, this appealing white blend brings some floral and tea scents and flavors into a mix of pear, apple and white peach. An light touch sweetness is off-set by the juicy acidity; the alcohol clocks in at 12.2%.
This reverses the blend of the Viognier; it's 85% Roussanne and 15% Viognier and finishes in a rather surprisingly sweet, off-dry style with 1.4% residual sugar. White peach and spicy pear fruit flavors are bright and fleshy, while the sweetness is offset by moderate acids. For those who prefer some sweetness in their white wines, this is an excellent choice.
Textbook Napa Petite Sirah—rich, smooth and insanely delicious. Chocolate blackberry jam, spiced plum pudding and toasty oak flavors, are wrapped into thick, velvety tannins. What a great summer barbecue wine, or with mid-winter short ribs of beef. Terrific now, and will age for a decade or more.
Re-released to the market, but age has not helped this wine. It's turned sharp, with medicinal tastes, and is on the way down.
Here's an interesting Cabernet Franc-Merlot blend that boasts cooler, green aromas of cut grass, dill, bell pepper and small forest berries. The intensity of the flavors is good and graceful, without ever seeming heavy.
The wine is crisp, full of red berry fruit and lively acidity, with a smooth texture. This is terrific as an accompaniment to a summer meal or as an apéritif. The finish is deliciously fruity. Screwcap.
Milk chocolate, dark cherry, herb and floral notes are followed by silky smooth pit fruit flavors that linger.
Tastes pretty much like Carr's other 2007 Pinots, only oakier. The woody flavors give a heaviness to the underlying blackberries, cherries, currants and pepper spice. Drink over the next few years.
Black fruits—raspberry, cherry and plum—mingle with clean earth, cinnamon and chocolate. The wine has grip and power, though currently some excess acidity pokes through the finish.
The distinctive oak regime at Tardieu-Laurent works better with some wines and in some vintages than others. This Hermitage, from an irregular vintage, has taken to it well, combining muscle and tannin with a rich, luxurious mouthfeel and bold flavors of mulberries, espresso and baking spices. Drink 2020–2030.
Fruity and forward, but airing allows restraint and character to emerge. Still, this is a red-blooded red wine with racy fruit, plenty of freshening acids, pepper and bitter chocolate at the end. Best in late 2008 into 2009.
It's a little on the soft side, but stuffed with blackberry, cherry, currant and smoky oak flavors, with pleasant notes of dried herbs, anise and violets. Fine now.
Dense and spicy, this blend includes Touriga Nacional and Alicante Bouschet.The spice is balanced by generous black fruits and acidity that give great structure and density. Drink this wine from early 2018.
Almost clear in color and faintly aromatic, it offers nuanced layers of pineapple, guava and pear. A suggestion of barrel fermentation makes it mid-weight and fuller in body. The finish is creamy and swathed in herb, an ideal companion to shellfish.
While the surface of the wine is firmly tannic, the fruit brings in the richness and opulence underneath. The combination equals a ripe, wood-aged wine, with dry tannins that are beginning to integrate into the fruit.
A soft, herbaceous wine that's destined for early drinking. The black-cherry and tobacco flavors are a bit weedy, but tasty.
This light-colored, soft and supple wine has a palate filled with red fruits. It's immediately drinkable, already showing signs of maturity.
This is very aromatic, with lively acidity, a soft and creamy texture, and a rounded yellow-fruit flavor that's balanced by a citrus note. It is elegant, rich and worth aging for another year.
This mountain-grown Zin is dry, lusty, robust and briary, with peppery flavors of wild forest berries, leather and cola. You'll find firm acids, but the wine has a silky texture that's almost like Pinot Noir.
This is largely neutral on the nose except for lazy flowery, tropical aromas. Fairly bold in size and mouthfeel, it has honeyed flavors of nectarine and peach. On the finish, it's more bitter than fresh as the fruit character breaks down.
Fresh, crisp and uncomplicated, this offers aromas of honey and sliced peaches, with a lively texture and good balance. Medium-bodied, it makes a great wine for a picnic, before dinner or with seafood.
A nice Chardonnay to drink now, with rich tropical fruit, apple and pear flavors, enhanced with vanilla and smoky oak. One of the more successful Silverado Chardonnays of recent years.
Floral in honey and citrus, this highly aromatic Viognier is grown in decomposed granite soils. A delightful blend of fresh, fleshy apricot fruit and highly attuned acidity, it's light and refreshing, imparting stony characteristics. The reserve is given more time in barrel than the regular bottling, though most of it not new.
A big-hearted wine, displaying ripe red berries lifted by a lively acid undercurrent. It has gentle tannins and a full, juicy aftertaste. Drink now and enjoy with barbecue.
At the age of more than eight years (!), this newly released Cab still tastes young. It has jammy flavors of berries and chocolate-covered mint candy, and is dry. Drink now.
The Jeune Red from Château Musar's second line (formerly labeled Musar Cuvée Rouge) is a blend of Cinsault, Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon that smells sweetly of ripe black cherries with rustic herbal and earthy notes. It opens softly with sweet blackberries and a hint of green bramble, but is chased by a mid-palate of fairly aggressive tannins and acidity. Fermented and aged in concrete vats, the Musar Jeune is completely unoaked and intended for early consumption, but would probably do nicely with some bottle aging as well.
Viognier lends a bright, floral note and citrusy acidity to this Syrah's plums and blackberries. Still, this is a medium-bodied, dry red wine with a firmly tannic finish.
A fresh, ripe wine that tastes rich enough to be a beerenauslese. It is packed with honey flavors, baked apples, mulberries and light acidity. At 7.5% alcohol, you can give into the temptation to drink a second glass. Imported by Michael Skurnik Wines.
This is a great success in a challenging vintage. Dry and silky in the mouth, it's marked by brisk acidity, firm tannins and intricate black-cherry, cola and licorice flavors. It feels really interesting and changes with every sniff and sip. Very nice now, and it will develop over the next six years.
There are lots of ripe cherry, blackberry and cola flavors in this blend of Syrah and Bordeaux varieties. It's also sweet in smoky oak and has a wake-up call of zippy acidity. A pleasant wine to drink now with steaks, stews and burgers.
This old-vine Zin contains a dash of Petite Sirah. It smells like bacon and wood smoke and tastes like smoked beef. It's an extreme version to say the least, and will not be for everyone.
Cedarville's ode to Priorat, this is a mix of 45% Grenache, 30% Syrah and 25% Cabernet Sauvignon. The three get along swimmingly, amusingly mixing into a triad of dark blackberry, dark licorice and dark chocolate. The rich texture is on the mark, and the wine provides just the right heft for any spicy, brawny meal.
This tastes like Port, with raisin, prune and chocolate flavors. Drink up.
Fresh white grapefruit and tea leaves perfume this gorgeously honeyed kabinett. The palate is just delicately sweet, glazed by honey and sweet-tart tangerine flavors. Juicy in concentration yet finely filigreed on the tongue, it's an elegant yet approachable wine with wide appeal. Drink now through 2020.
Full of red fruit, light and bright at first, then denser in flavor with savory notes amidst Zin's cherry-berry deliciousness. Grown on the Talmage Bench east of Hopland in Mendocino County, where a number of great Zins are born.
Named after the matriarch of the Riboli wine family, who founded what may be the first tasting room in California, this shows light yellow fruits on the nose. The palate combines lemon and apple with a slight hue of brown spice, offering plump fruit with a tang.
Creamy bubbles rise through hay color in the glass, showing the slightest touch of salmon pink on the edges, with a lean and tight nose that shows tortilla dough, pink grapefruit rind and a sleek, steely gunmetal note. Crisp apple and sliced Meyer lemon flavors show on the palate, where the bubbles are foamy, the yeast is present but restrained and the style is very approachable.
Smoothly seductive, this wine showcases an amazing site with great skill, coaxing high-toned squeezes of mandarin orange, honeysuckle and anise from a foundation of balance and acidity. Luxurious, the oak plays a supporting role, never distracting from a core of freshness and finesse.
Rooty, tough aromas are brambly, while the palate is narrow in feel, drying and tastes of herbal raspberry and cherry. Quite snappy and a little sharp, with a quick finish of red fruit, tomato and zest. Could improve with aging, but at this point the wine, while solid, seems lacking in stuffing.
Though supposedly the winery's current vintage, this wine is already showing signs of age. It is darkening in color, and somewhat reductive on the nose. On the palate, butterscotch and resin flavors stand where fresh citrus might once have been. Past its prime. Imported by Oenophilia Imports.
It's rare that a Pinot (from any part of the world) garners a Best Buy commendation, so this is one worth trying. It's medium-bodied, with ample cherry and plum flavors that finish with mouthwatering acids. Drink it now–2016.
Pretty good Cabernet, fine for easy, inexpensive drinking. It's bone dry and modest in alcohol, with decent berry, cola and cedar flavors.
From Glenrose Vineyard, this blend of 31% Mourvèdre, 23% Tannat, 16% Syrah, 16% Counoise and 14% Grenache is very earthy and mineral-driven, with crushed black rocks, asphalt, incense, dark-purple flowers and a touch of blackberry on the nose. It's relatively lightweight on the palate with grippy tannins, showing tart berry and bay leaf flavors.
Brisk and fruity but with a distinctive note of spice and pear, this Moschofilero offers approachable, ripe-fruit expression with an exotic edge. Pair with grilled seafood, Chinese cuisine or fruit salad.
A soft, approachable Sauvignon Blanc with aromas of yellow florals, ruby red grapefruit and yellow pepper. Riper peach flavors unfold in the mouth supported by solid acidity and a clean finish, Drink now.
This is the kind of Cabernet that's soft and accessible enough to drink now. It's rich in blackberry, cherry and spice flavors, with a sweet edge of charred wood. Saved from mere simplicity by a fine, firm tannic structure.
Unoaked Pinot Noir from Corsica, showing ripe berry flavors, fresh acidity and only light tannins. It's what it says on the label: for casual drinking.
A very complete wine, firm but flattering on the palate. A mix of cherry skins, red plums and lovely juiciness all come together in an harmonious whole.
Full bodied and lushly textured, this is a top example of an affordable Châteauneuf-du-Pape. Raspberry and briary notes mingle easily on the nose, while the palate adds in hints of garrigue, spice and vanilla. Long, velvety and spice-laden on the finish.
The bouquet is downright saucy, with molasses, brown sugar and leather aromas. Standard plum and berry make for an average palate, while modest coffee and spice carry the finish. Generally good, but fails to make an impression.
Cabernet Sauvignon (81%) takes the lead on this wine with the rest Merlot. Intriguing aromas of dried herb, moist earth, funk and blackberry reveal a palate full of concentrated fruit and savory flavors. It shows a sense of freshness and finesse.
This is a tight, tangy wine, laced with attractive wood flavors. Plenty of crisp citrus and spicy flavors balance each other. It is already delicious, so drink now.
While savory on the nose, with hints of mealy apple and chalk dust, the palate of this vibrant, light-bodied Pinot Gris exposes a range of delicate wildflower and lime zest notes, punctuated by snappy acidity and a brisk, clean mouthfeel. Drink now.
This is pure Mourvèdre from three excellent Red Mountain sites: Heart of the Hill, Ciel du Cheval and Grand Rêve vineyards. Tart, stony raspberry fruit carries a hint of cured meat and straw. The wine displays excellent length and a delicious purity.
This wine from one of Anderson Valley's pioneers has a lighter-than-usual color and plenty of red cherry, raspberry and turned earth aromas. It offers low-level fruit flavors and good balance of acidity versus ripeness.
The blend is half Merlot, the rest Cabernet Franc and Cabernet Sauvignon, from vineyard sources including DuBrul and Elerding. Smooth and supple, this richly fruity wine shows the lively herb and spice details that characterize the best Yakima Valley sites. Perfectly balanced, elegant and stylish, it's the perfect example of how Washington combines the best of Old and New World styles.
Isolated as a single clone, this limited bottling comes across as sharp and grassy, with some sour plum fruit. The finish carries a hint of asparagus.
Honeysuckle, ripe pear and exotic fruit aromas take center stage. The bright, juicy palate doles out honeydew melon, white peach and nectarine flavors with lively acidity, finishing on an almond note.
There's a potpourri of wildly distinct and amazing aromas on this 60% Syrah-40% Cabernet Sauvignon, from cooked ripe cranberries and distinct black pepper to red clay, anise, violet and savory goulash with dried strawberries. Raspberry, pepper and cola overtake the palate, with a refreshing tartness on the finish.
Syrah is still finding its way in Washington, and a certain sameness affects many of these wines. This tastes like the product of relatively young vines; spicy, leafy and lightly peppery, with tart cranberry and raspberry fruit, it's balanced and similar to a lighter Zin from the Dry Creek Valley; tasty and fresh, without over-reaching.
This is almost entirely Syrah, done in a high-acid, citrusy style. Flavors are sharply etched and tight—pomegranate, raspberry, baking chocolate and espresso. Straightforward and well-balanced despite its 15% alcohol.
This is fresh and lively, with crisp coastal acidity, elegance and sophistication. It offers oak-inspired citrus, tropical fruit and mineral flavors.
Lightly toasted aromas of apple and lime are mellow. This feels fresh and citrusy, with lime, orange and tropical fruit flavors. A steady, sturdy finish comes with a mild salty note of sea brine.
This is a new wine from one of Chile's most consistent producers, and it's quite the saturated bruiser. The color is deep purple, while the nose is raw and heavy, with deep fruit and plenty of bacon-like character. The mouth is like blackberry pie, while the feel is full and tannic, although not at all offensive or tough. The finish is dark, brooding and just a little bitter. An interesting new entry to Chile's roster, and one that's very well oaked.
The brambly wild berry flavors have an exotic edge of white pepper and Chinese five-spice that's interesting and even complex. But the wine is utterly lacking in acidity, which makes it syrupy even though it's totally dry.
Firmly tannic, with a peppery flavor, this accents its tart berry fruit with flavors of brown spices and hints of dried leaves. Its power lies in the interplay of such details, as well as the overall balance and precision of the winemaking.
Midweight in texture and on the palate, this evokes tropical pineapple and stone fruit amid a suggestion of anise. Delightful on its own, it would also be a good companion to light summer salads and seafood, especially dressed in citrus.
This kitchen sink blend combines 12 varieties, from Syrah and Malbec to Tinta Cao and Bastardo, and offers coffee, dark chocolate and beef char on the nose. More coffee arises on the palate along with blackberry, black cherry, unsweetened cocoa powder and vanilla.
This is a powerful, complex, wood-aged wine. The elements are all present, but the fruit dominates at the moment. It's rich and concentrated, showing the potential of a balanced, ripe wine. With all this density and structure, give it four years.
With its refreshing green and white fruits at the start and crisp acidity at the end, this wine seems deceptively simpe. In between, however, the wine has complex layers of spice, lime juice and minerality that promise some good aging over three years. Screwcap.
A Chardonnay with an easygoing disposition, this has a broad, waxy aroma of white orchard fruit. The melon-flavored palate bears a slight oiliness. Pair it with grilled swordfish steaks.
Made mainly from vineyards in Green Valley, the wine was barrel fermented and underwent complete malolactic fermentation. The French oak barrels were 50% new. This level of intervention was appropriate to the underlying wine, which is massive in tropical fruit, pear, fig and melon flavors. The result is complex and lush.
This is an exceptionally priced wine that allows a glimpse into the power and density of Domdechant Werner's 2015 Rieslings. Yellow peach and nectarine flavors are vivaciously fresh, but there's a lot more than fruitiness here. It's forward and yielding, yet weighty, its richness nuanced by hints of smoke, graphite and caramel. Luscious, mouth clinging texture lingers on the finish.
Zippy green pear and a spritz of lemon make this an inviting and almost thirst-quenching choice. Poised acidity pulls through to the zesty finish.
A spectacular dessert wine. The residual sugar is 18%, making it superrich in honeyed sweetness, complexed with apricot, pineapple, pear, vanilla cream and new oak flavors of butterscotch and crème brûlée. But it's also crisp in acidity, giving it a clean scour. One of the best sweeties of the vintage.
Bright and dominated by forceful aromas of sugar beets, plums, leather and funk. The palate is generally bright as it pushes cherry flavors from front to back. Leftover red fruit and apple skins work the tight, almost grabby finish.
Spring blossoms and lime zest scent this bristling light-footed Riesling. It's dryish on the palate and penetrates with crisp-tart peach and apricot flavors. The finish is invigoratingly mineral. Drink now through 2020.
A firm and tannic wine, with a hard-edge feel to it. The structure is dry and tough, leaving little room for the fruit, even in the future.
Perfumy on the nose, with scents of lilacs and bubble gum. Light and frothy on the palate, offering soft, slightly sweet flavors reminscent of cotton candy.
This cool-vintage Syrah is lightly herbal and complex up front, with blueberry and boysenberry aromas. Compact and tight in the mouth, this is firm and shows no leaks or weak spots. Herbal plum and berry flavors finish toasty, and the overall feel is firm, serious and in balance. Drink through 2015.
Drier and earthier than many Napa Cabs these days, this wine has subtle sage and sweet licorice that grounds its fruitier flavors of blackberries, cherries and raspberries. Very beautiful are the tannins, which are rich and pure, suggesting perfect ripeness. The small Bosché bottling has been a premier one for the winery for many years, and this '05 is one of the best in memory. Should age effortlessly for at least a dozen years.
Still light and astringent, this seems to be in some bottle shock: the score is a guesstimate. It's been well-rested, and tasted over a 24-hour period, but more aging is recommended. Stem and leaf flavors accompany tart raspberry fruit. The rating could rise or fall depending upon how it cellars.
Aromas of forest floor, violet, red berry and a whiff of dark baking spice unfold in the glass while wild cherry, black raspberry, ground pepper and star anise drive the palate. Framed in firm, fine-grained tannins, this is a classic Tuscan red. Drink through 2020.
Light in color, even for a rosé, but there's nothing shy about the flavors. This wine is powerful and complex in red cherries, tobacco, vanilla and sweet Provençal herbs, and is totally dry, with a fine acidic structure.
Good old Navarro is outdoing itself with the 2013 and 2014 Pinot Noirs. In this one, vivid black-cherry aromas, tangy but deep cherry and cranberry flavors, and a nice, firm and appropriately tannic texture add up to a concentrated and nicely proportioned wine. It has the flavor oomph to pair with something as big as a roast, and the tangy texture to dissolve the richest salmon.
Rounded and fruity, the wine has caramel, ripe red fruits and a touch of tannins. It's dry, although it's not as fresh as it should be, more ripe and full in the mouth. Drink in 2014.
A young, spicy wine, with white flower aromas. The acidity is as crisp as possible, the sweet currants adding bursts of fruit. This is a potentially serious wine, its elegance and structure promising good aging.
86–88. Barrel sample. A hard-edged wine, the palate is very dry, and without the fruit to support it. It has edgy wood tannins, and only a hint of juiciness.
A medium-sweet wine, with a light prickle on tongue, very much in the style of some Vinho Verde, this is crisp, with lemon candy flavors and bright acidity. Drink now.
A velvety texture makes this varietal wine luxurious. Cassis, tar and clove notes mingle with dried herb and black olive flavors, all integrated and deliciously graceful. Its robust tannins soften as it progresses toward a long finish.
Mature and with swathes of ripe fruit, this is a concentrated wine. Tannins give a firm core to the velvet-textured blackberry fruits. Richness and a sense of power are aided by the spice, pepper and dry aftertaste. Drink from 2018.
This is a very distinctive and highly unusual Syrah from organic and biodynamic producer Duemani (“two hands”). The main theme here is crushed black pepper but beyond that you will also encounter notes of blackberry, cured meat, leather and spice. Throughout it all, those beautifully pristine pepper tones truly define this wine.
Waxy, dusty aromas of stone fruits and honey are typical of Garnatxa Blanca, although this contains 30% Viognier as well. A citrusy, direct palate with cutting acidity sets up lemon, tangerine and green-apple flavors. Only on the finish does this taste mildly yeasty and slightly buttery.
This lightly structured wine is all fruit. Its red berry flavors are already well integrated with the smoky tannins that form its core. It will, however, age quickly. Drink from 2019.
Firm and tannic, with a slightly worrisome astringency. If this comes into balance, this rating may look a couple points stingy in time. Shows an underbrush, briary side to its black cherry and plum flavors, then picks up coffee and spice notes on the finish. Imported by Vintus LLC.
Lots of spearmint, coyote mint, hot licorice, ginger snaps and Dr Pepper spice up the strawberry fruit of this wine that provides a very herbal take on the grape. Oregano, marjoram, thyme and dill all make a showing on the sip, against a backbone of sweet cherry and blackberry fruit, finishing on cedar.
Should Bordeaux be 14%? Maybe, but not this wine. It is too big, dry, tannin-dominated and heavy. There is way too much extraction, and it shows in the bitter character.
A heavy dose of Sauvignon Blanc brings herbaceous, grassy, white currants and gooseberry flavors. It's young, and needs more time to coalesce. It is certainly fresh, fruity, right up front.
This producer releases a vintage Champagne almost every year. This latest release shows the character of a vintage widely regarded as difficult. It's fast maturing, with soft fruit, attractive acidity, just a touch of toast and a mineral structure. Drink now.
This ruby-colored Brunello opens with bright cherry nuances and loads of toasted almond and cinnamon spice. From the lower, southern side of Montalcino, this interpretation focuses on quality fruit aromas, crispness and a sense of clean linearity.
Pure and nutty, with aromas of dried apricot and sea air. In the mouth you get lots of almond and butter, while the A-rate finish is buttery but also quite complex. A classic, refined wine that dances across your tongue like a ballerina. Imported by Shaw-Ross International Importers.
Made from Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Petit Verdot, this Bordeaux blend is dry, with smooth tannins. It has complex blackberry, currant, raisin and smoky oak flavors, and is at its best now and for the next two years.
A soft, ripe style of Pinot Noir showing cherry, raspberry and brown sugar flavors, brightened with crisp acidity. Drink this fruity young wine now.
Touches of flint play subtly on this elegantly restrained wine. A central seam of fresh, mineral acidity also provides an extended finish. This strikes great harmony between a rounded but defined body, streamlined acidity and a mineral background.
Here's a pearl for sparkling wine lovers. This bubbly rosato is made from the hearty Aglianico grape, usually reserved for one of Italy's most austere and masculine red wines. Yet here the variety shows a delicate, soft side with notes of wild berry and creamy almond paste.
Lemon and summer flower aromas set the scene for this fresh and attractive wine. It is light and bright, dry while also fruity. Acidity and a crisp texture give it a lively aftertaste.
Very sweet but a little soft and simple, with blackberry jam and chocolate flavors. The blend is Touriga Nacional, Sousa and Syrah.
Aromatically, this Bulgarian Riesling is quite pretty with loads of freshly pressed apples, elderflowers and Meyer lemon scents. Light bodied and dry with a racy acidity, its palate is austere but has some muted floral and honeydew flavors.
This agreeable and affordable wine has cinnamon and cherry jelly aromas, fresh and light fruit flavors, medium body, and a soft texture.
Made with 70% Nerello Mascalese and 30% Nocera, this has enticing scents of mature red berry, pressed blue flower, tilled soil and a whiff of crushed stone. The vibrant palate doles out juicy black cherry, raspberry compote, orange zest and bitter hazelnut. Bright acidity and well-integrated tannins provide balance while a mineral note gives it depth. Drink 2020–2030.
Graham cracker is the lead aroma, and that's followed by jammy fruit, cookie dough and finally a touch of raisin. The palate is plump for an '08, with berry flavors, herbal notes and some bitterness. A touch clipped and rough, but a good effort for a tough year.
Garnet colored, with light raspberry and cedar flavors on the palate, this has an overall earthy, smoky cast that's high on acid and low on fruit. Finishes short, with light cassis-flavored, and very evident tannins.
On the nose this is muted, but the palate is full of easy charm. Floral hints meet with ripe pear and that wonderfully leafy, ripe pungent pepperiness. Sleekness, shapely freshness and a bit of playful verve underlines the fact that this is immensely concentrated despite not coming across as heavy.
This unusual blend, all co-fermented, includes roughly equal proportions of Vermentino, Viognier and Marsanne, with a splash of Roussanne. It's perfumed with the intensity of Gewürztraminer, a mix of baby powder and candied citrus, and those flavors carry through the palate. Though listed as just 12.5% abv, it tastes and feels much riper, showing some heat in the aftertaste.
An extroverted, oaky and earthy wine, this has almost pungent aromas of wet soil and wood smoke, then meaty and savory flavors backed up with plum and black cherry. There is something compelling about it for adventurous drinkers.
This robust wine delivers aromas of spiced plum, stewed prune, vanilla and chocolate that carry through to the ripe, monolithic palate. Drink through 2020.
Dusty, creamy aromas of yeast, oak and vanilla open this rosé. The palate is more crisp and pure, with scouring acidity and overall tightness. Cranberry, red plum and briny flavors finish fresh and citric, with a hint of stony minerality.
A full-bodied, bold and rich wine that has ripe red-fruit flavors and a rounded texture that is given backbone by tannins. It is solid, while also offering freshness and acidity. It's an impressive wine that needs to age. Drink from 2017.
So this is what Chardonnay, Macabeo and Sauvignon Blanc amount to when thrown together. The Three, or “Las Tres” if you prefer, is grabby and mealy, with thick, unfocused citrus flavors and then apple skins and bitterness on the finish. Too strange to rate higher. Already fading.
A bit weightier than many Australian versions, this is a pale straw Moscato with a soft, frothy mouthfeel. It's floral on the nose, but mainly citrusy in the mouth, finishing on lime and grapefruit notes. Drink now.
The fruit bursts out of the glass, while the supporting tannins give power and intensity to this concentrated wine. It has all the richness of 2005, backed with juicy red fruits and some vibrant acidity. Age this wine, although its generous character means you could drink it in 5 years. Not available in the U.S.
With no indication on the label, it would be hard to know that this is a sweet wine. That is a shame, because the wine itself is ripe and opulent, layering honey and sweet lychee flavors. There's even room for an attractive edge of acidity.
Honeyed notes of pear promise oriental richness. The palate cuts this opulence, edged with Seville orange spice and a streak of zesty lime. This interplay between baroque and discipline continues, creating a scintillating experience. Enjoy the ride and marvel at all the spicy overtones.
Tart now, with lots of acidity cutting across the blackberry and mineral flavors. As rich as it is, there's a taut elegance that makes the wine tense. Clearly too young, it should develop fine bottle complexity over this decade.
This starts with aromas of lemon peel, grapefruit and mineral, with a hint of toasted bread crust. The linear palate offers lemon drop, nectarine and apples alongside racy acidity but it lacks fruit richness.
From a parcel at the top of the Clos de Vougeot slope, this wine shows fine concentration and rich tannins. It has a velvet allure that allows the sweet fruits to shine, but then reveals solid tannins. Black fruits, wood, spice and fresh acidity all sit well in the mix.
The black pepper and anise qualities lead the way, offering a combination of brood and kick that's unique. The wine tends toward a tartness but a dry finish gives it a food-friendly advantage. Not terribly impressive but good overall.
This wine features aromas of raspberry and black currants with touches of coffee and bacon. Luxurious flavors of ripe black plum, black cherry, espresso and pipe tobacco wash over the taste buds in a web of velvety tannins, culminating in a vivid finish.
White flowers and peach aromas start this fuller-bodied white from Santorini. Spice, lemon marmalade and honey flavors are backed by a brisk acidity and finish with a lightly nutty spin. Pair with heartier dishes like lamb or cream-based chicken.
Aromas of bright pink roses and soft cherry fruit are a bit shy on the nose but pretty when they do arise. The palate of this 85% Syrah and 15% Viognier blend shows raspberry fruit and lime-rind tartness.
Blended with 50% Sauvignon Musque that gives it a distinctly floral note, this wine has just a touch of oak, which gives it some smoky toastiness. It's quite tart in citrusy acidity that gets the mouth watering. Flavorwise, the lemon, lime, and guava flavors have a strong cut of tart, green gooseberries.
Cherry, pepper and spice on the nose are followed by similar flavors in this dry red. Balanced and touched with oak, the wine will pair well with grilled meats and spiced dishes. For fans of softer wines, age this for a few years before drinking.
Dark, smoky aromas have high-toned black cherry fruit underneath. On the palate, the smoke and black cherry continue, on a rather slight, feminine frame. A wine that will complement, not overpower, food.
Brambly plum and red berry aromas and a lush, full palate make this both approachable and great to drink on its own. Plum, berry and pepper on the palate are smooth and elegant, and the finish is soft and poised.
Seemingly slightly sweet, this is sophisticated enough to drink with upscale fare. The price is good, considering the richness of its oak-inspired citrus, tropical fruit and butter-cream flavors.
As with the Merlot this is Ash Hollow fruit (92%), hence young; it seems to represent a significant shift in style from previous Reininger wines. Very nice winemaking brings out interesting herb and grassy notes; the base fruit is quite light, with strawberry, fig and hints of sour cherry.
The supplest and most ready to drink of Chapoutier's 2006 Ermitages, Les Greffieux is muscular yet silky, seamlessly blending savory notes of tapenade, soy-marinated beef and blueberries and ending on a lasting note of espressso. Already approachable, it should continue to drink well through at least 2020.
With ripe yet oaky aromas, this is a basic Malbec to enjoy with simple foods. The palate is juicy but comes with a buttery, creamy feel. As for flavors, look for buttery oak riding on top of modest, quick-hitting berry. On the finish, it's oaky more than fruity.
Classic varietal aromas of tomato leaf, hay and passion fruit lead the nose on this fragrant white. The elegantly structured palate offers grapefruit, white peach and mineral alongside crisp acidity.
High alcohol stars in this Syrah. Prickly heat dominates, giving a fiery warmth to the blackberry, cassis and grilled beef flavors.
An intense and opulent Brunello, with bold brush strokes of ripe cherry, blackberry, chocolate, coffee and mocha. Concentrated fruit and firm tannins are marked by a pretty touch of dusty mineral on the finish.
This wine is dominated by darkness, giving aromas of upturned black earth and coffee grinds. The palate trends a tad redder, with lava rocks, but the blackness returns in the form of blueberries, espresso and soil.
This wine's faint rose hue shows the rarely seen but true pink color of the Pinot Grigio grape. A fragrant peach-and-herb nose, crisp but not hard texture and decent weight mark this solid example. Fruity but dry on the palate, a chalky note adds interest, and the wine closes with decent length.
This latest of Sbragia's single-vineyard Cabs shows the winemaker's penchant for ripeness and power. There's nothing subtle about the oak and black currant flavors, which explode in the mouth. But few winemakers in California know better than Ed Sbragia how to draw elegance and subtlety from a wine of this size. Fine now, and should develop for a decade or more.
Sites from throughout the valley contribute to the lovely layering of this accessible wine, softly structured and classically inspired in its dried herb and distinct purity of cassis. Delicate despite its ripeness and power, it leaves a smoky hint of sweet tobacco on the finish.
This is a forward Chianti Classico with plum, espresso and toasted oak aromas. The palate shows ripe blackberry, coffee and pepper notes. This would be a great partner for gnocchi in cheese sauce.
Here's a tight and traditional Barbera with a compact bouquet of forest berry, earth tones and a dash of exotic spice. It is tart and crisp on the palate with an enduring note of wild berry that characterizes the close.
Sugary sweet and simple, with flavors like a blend of the juices of pineapples, apples and pears. It's also soft, which makes it a little cloying.
This effusive wine is so fruity and plush that it tastes almost sweet, as the strawberry and boysenberry jam flavors flood the tongue followed by black pepper in the wake. High in alcohol and ripeness, it would make a great pairing with chunks of Parmigiano-Reggiano.
This savory wine opens with a heady fragrance of rose and lychee. The linear, steely palate offers rich tropical fruit and a saline note brightened by energizing mineral sensations. It has nice length and finishes dry. Oliver McCrum, T. Edward Wines.
This wine is the product of farming by Anne Moller-Racke and winemaking by Kenneth Juhasz, the original team behind Donum Estate in Carneros. Here, they've created a gorgeous, elegant expression of lemon zest and pear that harmonizes with stony minerality and brash, bristling acidity that becomes succulent on the palate. Atop it all is a scent of fresh-cut white flowers.
Zesty lime, lemongrass and green apple aromas are inviting on the nose of this dry full-bodied Riesling. It's slightly nutty and savory on the palate with flavors of pressed apple and pear. Crisp lime acidity freshens the finish.
Aromas recall wood, coconut, vanilla and coffee. Sweet oak and a mocha note dominate the dense palate but it lacks fruit richness. It's already spent, with abrasive wood tannins that leave an astringent finish.
A full-bodied wine that rides a bit rough in the mouth, with ripe flavors of cherries, blackberries and coffee and a bit of raisining. The finish also turns hot. Try with a pepper-rubbed pork tenderloin.
Mellow, rounded and ripe notes of fresh and baked apples promise a rich wine. The palate is more sprightly and lends plenty of gingery, peppery spice to all the abundant apple fruit. This is wired and lively, dry but very fruity and unusually spicy with a fine backbone of bright, lemony freshness. Drink soon.
Nice and smooth, this Merlot is for early drinking. It's as plump as can be in cherries, cocoa, cola and tobacco, with soft acids and even softer tannins.
Though soft on the finish, this is sharply herbal and stemmy, with woody flavors instead of fruit. There are traces of berry and cassis, but the nature of Cabernet Franc is to be herbal, and here it's in full bloom.
From the village of La Morera, this is a jumpy, spiky wine with lively acidity and a racy personality. Aromas of lemon peel, black olive and rock quarry precede a chiseled palate that's quite tannic. Pent-up power for sure, with a blast of toasty vanilla on the finish. Possibly a touch green at its core. Imported by Classical Wines.
Dusty aromas of tea and dried spices blend well with black olive and black-fruit notes. This wine has a lean but muscular build. Plum and wild berry flavors come with dry, spicy oak accents. Acidity keeps the finish in shape and ensures length; drink through 2022.
Packaged in an easy screwcap bottle, this wine (made from equal parts Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon) is bright, linear and crisp, with notes of cherry cola and grape juice.
There's a rainbow of peppercorns represented on the nose of this varietally classic wine, with a tiny bit of pasilla chile greenness cutting across strawberry and cherry fruit. Those red fruits join with blueberry on the palate, which is complex with pipe tobacco, tomato leaf and herbal, peppery spices.
Tastes semisweet, like a lemon, lime and pineapple cough drop. But the acidity is brisk and cleansing, and lots of people will enjoy this affordable wine.
A step up from the Vin du Lac Merlot, this includes 16% Merlot and 8% Malbec in the blend, and profits from it, with dusty, sweet fruit that is not overwhelmed by the new oak. In the mouth, details from the 22 months it was aged in barrel begin to emerge, it's not just a wash of vanilla and chocolate, but shows added complexity and texture.
This is a classic interpretation of Chianti Classico with bright aromas of small berry fruit, raspberry and blue flower. But there's also a modern touch as well that comes off aromatically as spice and new leather.
Novelty Hill's vineyard-designated Syrah is bigger, darker and more aromatically complex than the companion Columbia Valley bottling. Cassis and blackberry fruit flavors are layered with chocolate and spice; immaculately clean, this does not display the earthy/meaty aspect of Syrah, but does have a pleasing minerality at the core.
Made in the German style, this Riesling is a little sweet, with peach, pear and honeysuckle flavors. It's balanced with crisp acidity.
A ripe, rich and deliciously spicy wine, it has a light touch of white pepper, red berry fruits and a broad brush of acidity. It's rounded, although with some tannic structure, and can certainly be drunk now.
Soft and peachy, with good midpalate concentration. This is a simple but fruity and flavorful wine, with just the vaguest suggestion of Meyer lemon in the finish.
Very few Argentine wines feature quality Tempranillo blended with Malbec, but that's what B Crux does and it's a major reason why I like it so much. The 2006 vintage is deep, complete and smooth, with creamy, fresh berry and mild leather aromas in front of friendly, easygoing raspberry and blackberry flavors. The oak is prominent but doesn't overwhelm. Drinking nicely right now.
There's real consistency to Hendry's array of block-designated Chardonnays. This one shares those qualities of earthy, herbal, even tobaccoey notes along with apple and peach flavors. It shares also the dryness and softness. These are very distinct wines, and they have their place in the menu of California Chardonnay.
With excellent concentration and a firm, dry texture, this is a serious wine that's tempting to drink now but will be better after 2018. It smells slightly cedary and black-cherry-like, and tastes deep and ripe but not at all sweet. It will be waiting in the cellar for a good occasion with a choice cut of meat.
Crisp aromas of celery and lime set up a fresh citrusy palate that's light to medium in both body and weight. Flavors of green-grape skins and lemon-lime finish a bit salty, but with proper acidity and balance.
Based in Fleurie, this producer has made a wine rich in fruit and tannins. It has a smoky spicy character as well as intense red fruits. It is warm, concentrated and ready to drink.
Although based in Bairrada, further south, Messias does have considerable interests in the Douro. This wine, with its firm, mineral structure, brings out the tannins and concentration of the Douro. That goes with the black fruit flavors that are dark and dry. Drink this wine now.
Almost black in color, this is a Syrah to rival the most concentrated wines from the Rhône. It has weight, richness and power, its dark damson fruit flavors and tannins almost lost in all this intense fruit. Age for 3–4 years or drink now.
This is rich, soft and vibrant in blackberry, blueberry jam and mocha flavors, which are wrapped into complex tannins, finishing dry and spicy. This shows superior pedigree.
Ruio Brut is a simple and clean Prosecco Superiore that offers peach, citrus and crushed mineral. The effervescence is soft and foamy but the finish is dryer than most Italian sparklers from the general Prosecco category.
Light in appearance with ruby highlights, this Roero delivers easy aromas of tar, cassis, rose and licorice. The wine is light, fresh and sharp with a lean, watery finish.
A potpourri of exotic scents and flavors, this vineyard selection opens with scents of rose, raspberry, lavender and tea. The palate is generous and complex, mixing in nutmeg, chocolate, star anise and cola. Although it promises many years of life ahead, it's already too good to resist.
Trapiche's Broquel is definitely one of Argentina's most consistent Bonardas. It opens with balsamic notes that accent chocolate and blackberry aromas, while the palate is sweet and steady as it delivers plum and ripe berry flavors. Good structure and feel, with just enough acidity to keep it in balance.
Viognier is nothing if it's not rich, and who knows richness better than Bob Foley? This wine is an exotic treasure trove of pineapple tart, pear jam, apricot purée, honeysuckle, butterscotch and dusty Asian spice flavors, balanced with crisp acids and a steely, minerally finish.
A pretty nose of violets, cherry and pepper start this fun and friendly wine from Virginia. On the palate, somewhat straightforward cherry and spice are flavorful and solid. A good wine that will pair nicely with spicier cuisine—think Middle Eastern or tomato-based Italian dishes.
This is exceedingly ripe tasting, with a syrupy texture. Along the way, you'll encounter tar and rubber aromas in front of flavors such as carob, vanilla and stewed berry fruits. A minty, oaky finish is the final weighty act.
When Donatella Colombini left the family estate of Fattoria dei Barbi, she set up her own production network at Fattoria del Casato. Here she has made an elegant 1997 Brunello, brimming with black tar and cherries, and balanced ripe, sweet tannins and acidity. While it is not powerful, it is smooth, ripe and seductive.
Splendid from the gun, and classy. Early aromas of hard spices, mineral and matchstick announce some young oak, but that shortly dissipates, revealing a tight cherry and dark-chocolate bouquet. This model Brunello is impeccably balanced through the palate and onto the finish, which features a huge mix of pepper, licorice, baked fruit and vanilla. Hold at least until 2006.
This wine's heavy oak aromas are toasty but not overdone, while bacon and tobacco notes lurk in the background. Its raw, supremely tannic palate delivers woody, spicy berry flavors.
Seems as though this medium-sweet Viura-Malvasia blend has gotten better in recent years as the winery has dialed down the sweetness and weight. Lately, this vintage included, Satinela has been fresh, cleanly made and easygoing, with sweet pear and peach flavors and not too much weight or residual sugar. Captures the essence of medium sweet.
A great value in Cabernet, showing lots of varietal character. It's dry, full-bodied and crisp in acidity, with black currant, cola and cedar flavors for drinking now. Easy to find, with 10,000 cases produced.
Smooth as silk, this widely-available cuvée brings ripe strawberry, cherry and dark chocolate flavors into play. Aged for 10 months in one quarter new French oak barrels, it's seamlessly melded and shows both power and grace.
Hints of lovage tantalize on the nose. The palate is soft and generous. Juicy pear and a pervading spiciness of white pepper create savory layers.
This wonderful vintage of Tortoniano (a blend of Nebbiolo grapes from the best vineyard crus) opens with amazing intensity and purity of its varietal aromas. The wood element, in the form of toasted almond and espresso bean, is integrated and the close is persistent, smooth and firm.
Contino gives its single-vineyard Graciano all that it can, and still the wine, despite its deep purple color, is tight as a drum. There's juniper and blueberry on the nose, and then tangy blackberry flavors with an herbal slant. As varietal Graciano goes, this is nicely done. But it's up to you to decide if varietal Graciano is worth $147 a pop.
Fine acidity and a bracing minerality, like a lick of cold steel on a winter day, mark this Chardonnay. It has oak notes, but they're wisely kept in the background, allowing the citrus, green apple and peach flavors to star. This beautiful wine continues the winery's string of great reserve Chardonnays, and is their best since the 2006 vintage.
A big boy with almost fleshy fruit. The flavors push into exotic, tropical richness yet retain spicy citrus-rind highlights. There is nothing clumsy, despite the ripeness; the finish seems to extend almost infinitely and keeps zinging you with surprises—marshmallow, marzipan, cookie dough, etc. An added bonus: the back label clearly indicates when it was bottled and cellared (2001).
One of a trio of Pinot Gris offered in this vintage, this has a yeasty beery character. It falls into a generic white wine style, refreshing enough for a warm day's glug, with that yeasty tang reminiscent of a good cold brew. There is not much in the way of varietal expression though, just a bit of apple and pear fruit coming up in the finish.
Oaky and seemingly sweet, this is a showy wine whose appeal comes from its ripeness and richness. Vanilla and buttered toast notes from the oak dominate the tropical fruit and pineapple flavors. With its creamy, buttery mouthfeel, this is made to appeal to fans of the modern Chardonnay style.
Covey's baseline Merlot is more authoritative than you would expect at this price. Tannic and chewy, it carries some real weight on the palate and delivers strong, herbal flavors that taste like wine, not watered-down punch.
The largest cooperative in Austria produces some great-value Rieslings and Grüner Veltliner, from the Kremstal region, just east of the Wachau. This Riesling is fresh, peachy, racy and crisp, clean and delicious. Imported by Total Wine & More.
This savory wine opens with aromas of crushed red berries and violets. The soft, straightforward palate offers juicy black cherry layered with clove and mocha alongside velvety tannins. It's already extremely accessible so enjoy now.
This reserve-style blend of Cabernet Sauvignon (50%), Syrah (20%), Merlot (20%) and Malbec comes from Summit View and Les Collines vineyards. The dark cherry, herb, vanilla and plum aromas lead to silky fruit flavors that show restraint and polish.
This is a soft, bold and rounded wine. Rich black currant and berry fruits dominate the blend of mainly Portuguese grapes, with a touch of Syrah. The wine is balanced, ripe and full in the mouth. Drink now.
This is an extraordinary example of the potential of the 2005 vintage. The wine boasts a meaty, bold style with thick aromas of cured meat, bresaola, white mushroom, moist earth, natural rubber and spice. Very intense flavors of chocolate and ground espresso explode in the mouth. Drink after 2018.
It was fascinating to compare this to Two Paddocks' regular bottling. The Last Chance is slightly richer, but otherwise features many of the same elements: smoke, tart cherries and delicate herbal notes. Despite the extra concentration, it's still supple and approachable now.
On the elegant side for Barossa, with polished textures and a long finish. The 2004 Entity is dark in nature, carrying ample blueberry and blackberry fruit that's highlighted by peppery spice. Drink now–2014, maybe longer.
Exceptionally spicy on the nose, with forest floor, leather and pepper as well as ample berry fruit. Round and likable, with plum, chocolate, vanilla and toast flavors. What brings this wine up is that it has a few levels of complexity. The finish, for example, is at first juicy. But then it runs long and spicy. Rock-solid Brunello from a consistent producer. Imported by Kobrand.
Earthy rubbery berry aromas suggest pencil eraser and rubber. This Malbec-Syrah blend feels chunky and on the heavy side. Baked blackberry and chocolate flavors finish stewy and wayward.
Thin and dull, with watery cherry flavors and a rustic mouthfeel. Okay in a pinch.
While this opens slowly, it conveys notions of yellow pear and aloe vera. These turn into full-blown fruit on the textured palate that also shows off a limey tang and enticing green pepper.
Here's a fruit-packed white wine bursting with flavors of peach and pear. The blend of 62% Muscat and 38% Viognier works beautifully. If you want plenty of fruit, a bit of sweetness, but enough acid to support a food-friendly white wine, this is your bottle.
Spring flowers, pear, peach and honey shape a luminous and bright Falanghina from the sunny Campania region. The wine has pulp and density and would pair well with Indian and Thai foods.
A broad wine, its ripe flavors fashioned with yellow fruits, toast, vanilla and an opulent texture. This is rich, open and packed with full-in-the-mouth flavors. Ready to drink.
This high-end Cab is named after a deceased winery employee who would be pleased to have such a distinguished wine in his memory. It's very powerful and tannic and needs age, but it's also exceptionally balanced. Showing ripe red and black currant flavors that have been generously oaked, it's a gorgeous young Napa Valley Cab that should develop through 2014.
Here's a nice, clean, elegantly structured 100% Sauvignon Blanc. It has flavors of oranges, grapefruits and peaches. Although there's no new oak on it, the notes of sweet vanilla and buttered toast are strong.
This wasn't an easy vintage in Central Otago, which makes this 2009 all the more remarkable. Scents of pine needles, damp earth, rosemary, brown sugar and cherries are complex and beguiling, while on the palate the wine is lightweight and silky, with a delicate core of wiry acidity that holds everything together. Drink now–2020.
Writes the book on how to make a wine filled with gigantic jammy fruit that's nonetheless dry, balanced and harmonious. The Cabernet contributes blackcurrants and structural tannins. The Syrah brings a peppery richness, while Merlot adds soft fruitiness. You can actually taste each varietal, yet the wine hangs together, dry and rich. Best Buy.
Moderate acidity buoys a rich note of caramel apple in this appellation wine, which is moderate in both ripeness and texture. It finishes clean and simple.
This expertly structured wine will last for ages. It begins with dense blackberry jam, caramel, vanilla, fresh licorice and chocolate-ganache aromas. There is a density of flavors on the sip, but not an overwhelming weight, with black cherry, chocolate syrup and asphalt tones hung on chalky tannins that are a little firm right now. Drink 2018–2033.
Extremely spicy on the nose, with clove, black cardamom, gingerbread and more baking spice, this bottling also shows aromas of concentrated hibiscus, soy sauce and beef teriyaki. A black-rock minerality powers the palate, alongside buttered cherries, charred beef, pipe smoke, fudge and lifting menthol flavors.
Balsamic notes, leather, menthol and red berry aromas take center stage. On the firm palate, tightly wound tannins frame black cherry and a hint of anise. Give this another year or two to unfold then drink up.
Aromas of cream and corn on the cob are followed by lively full-bodied fruit flavors with plenty of toasty accents. It offers an appealing sense of texture along with a lovely sense of balance.
Previously from all Seven Hills vineyard grapes, this estate bottling now sources almost half its grapes from the high-altitude, mineral-driven Ferguson vineyard. Peppery spices elevate the nose, leading into a young, tight wine with compact cranberry and strawberry fruit. The depth and minerality are exceptional.
Harsh, with rough tannins and sweet and sour cherry flavors.
Rich glints of ripe passion fruit are burgeoning on the nose. The palate has the same richness but is kept in check by wonderfully insisting, bright lemon acidity that suggests both peel and flesh. This is not really fully sweet and thus occupies an uncertain field—one which clever and innovative cooks navigate with aplomb. This is a wine for spiced, exotic dishes that involve fruit, for soft, ripe cheeses or savory fruit combos. The wine's creamy finish pulls all the elements together.
Not clear what the blend is on this red wine, because the winery doesn't tell us. But it's very good, showing rich black cherry, red currant, mocha and spice flavors. What a great price for such a nice, drinkable wine.
An impressively concentrated wine, showing the hallmark Dow's dry edge, but still full of ripe fruit, flavors of black plums and berries. It has weight and spice, but also a delicious perfume, layered through a smooth, opulent texture.
Aromatic and lively, with honeysuckle, peach, apricot, apple and cinnamon pear scents. It's delicate and complex in the mouth; bone dry and yet carries a lovely sensation of sweet blossom. Another very fine effort from this up and coming Chelan winery.
A delicious wine that moves easily between rich, wood-aged Chardonnay and a tight mineral structure. It is ripe, with apricot flavors interspersing with pears and some orange zest. While it is ready to drink, another few months will bring out even more richness.
Aromas of oak, toast, espresso and a whiff of violet come together. The firmly structured palate offers dried black cherry, orange zest and licorice alongside bracing tannins.
Here's a floral and delicate Cartizze with musky notes and a pretty embroidery of fruit salad. There are delicate mineral nuances that give it linearity and the pulpy fruit gives it texture and persistence.
Violet perfume, sweet fruit and a rich character make this wine immediately appealing. Delve into it and the tannins emerge, powerful in character. Berries and sweet, ripe plums complete this serious, impressive wine.
Pale orange-pink in color, this is a crisp, tight and mineral-textured wine. It is fresh in the bottle, with red currant and grapefruit flavors. This fruity bottling could be held until mid-2016 to fill out the texture.
Coming from the cool 2011 vintage, this 100% varietal wine doesn't seem entirely ripe with notes of green herbs, poblano and red fruit. It's tart and plump in feel with chalky tannins.
Pure Cabernet, ageworthy wine. Right now it is quite tight, somewhat herbal and compact. The fruit is layered, a range from strawberry through cherry and into cassis, and it leads sharply into spicy tannins with a clear edge. This cellarworthy wine will need considerable breathing time; or pop it in the cellar for up to a decade.
Opens with roasted, herbal aromas that suggest crusty black fruit, olive and leather. Feels mostly fresh and lively, with forward kick and good, meaty flavors of herbal black fruit, cassis and olive. Lightly herbal and toasty on the finish.
This lovely Verdicchio opens with an alluring fragrance of white spring flowers, Spanish broom and a whiff of sea breeze. The creamy palate delivers white peach, tropical fruit and lemon notes, all brightened by crisp acidity and mineral accents.
This is extreme Sonoma Coast Pinot Noir, from an Annapolis-area vineyard. It's juicy and velvety on the palate, the layered dollops of black tea and savory cardamom accenting crisp orange peel, cranberry and pomegranate. Floral upon entry, the wine proffers subtle yet ample acidity and relatively low alcohol.
This is ripe and lined with solid, dry tannins, bearing strawberry, red plum and damson flavors. The wine has a rich spice note, a touch of smoke and a warm, soft finish.
Siepi is a gorgeous 50-50 blend of Sangiovese and Merlot that delivers intense aromas of ripe black fruit, rum cake, leather, moist tobacco and Indian spice. It lasts long on the palate thanks to its fine, silky texture. This vintage is slightly leaner, but brighter than the 2007.
This powerful Sagrantino opens with aromas of meat juice, truffle and black fruit. The palate offers blackberry, black cherry, cinnamon and black pepper, along with tobacco notes. It also has Sagrantino's trademark tannic backbone, but the tannins are ripe and are balanced by bright acidity.
Very rich in tropical fruit pie filling, cotton candy, raspberry sorbet and caramelized vanilla flavors. Tastes a little too sweet, although it's balanced with good acids.
Loads of burned licorice, smoke and petroleum aromas here—if you're a non-smoker, you should probably steer clear of the ashy bouquet. Ashy, sour cranberry and citrus notes dominate the palate, and the medium-length finish.
This wine is all about fresh cherries with only the lightest structure. It would be delicious drunk lightly chilled on a summer day.
High toned, with deep cherry, strawberry and vanilla notes, this wine is velvety and dense, with powerful tannins and a breadth of earthy flavor.
Here is a well-priced Vino Nobile (90% Prugnolo Gentile and 10% Canaiolo Nero) that boasts a luminous ruby color and fresh aromas of cherry, almond and cola. The wine is buoyant and intense and rewards the palate with a dose of fresh acidity on the close.
Peach, orange and tropical fruit on the nose and a balance of acid and sweetness are appealing, but this wine is a touch watery and needs more substance. Imported by Specialty Cellars.
White spring flower, pear and a whiff of exotic fruit lead the way. The floral note carries over to the medium-bodied palate, along with lemon, lime, peach and a note of bitter almond. Fresh acidity brightens the finish.
Sage and pomegranate form the fragrant nose on this wine from the Santa Maria Valley's longtime producer Byron, now owned by the Jackson Family Wines. It is still made by Jonathan Nagy, who's been there since 2001. On the palate, sour cherry and cinnamon have a tannic backbone that will allow the wine to stand up to roasted meats as well as lighter fare.
As soft and sweet as a pastry dessert, with chocolate, raspberry and vanilla flavors, complete with the smoky tart crust. A simple sipper for ordinary fare.
Thanks to its investments in technology, Castello Banfi reliably delivers quality, especially when it comes to Sangiovese. This food-friendly expression shows bright but easy flavors of forest fruit and sour cherry.
Released at seven years of age, this Syrah is soft, tannic and dry. It has rich flavors of blackberries and blueberries, and seems far younger than it is. It's interesting and complex, and grows in the glass. Could go for a few more years.
A very dark and brooding Cabernet that's still young and tight but very intriguing. Nice structure and balance that leans towards an austere style with its soft tannins, hint of herbs and muted fruit tones of black cherry and ripe raspberry. Great acidity, too. A tiny 2% of Petit Verdot is mixed in.
From the old fields of Oakley, this Zinfandel, made by Matt Cline, is big in black fruit and a touch of smoke, particularly vibrant on the finish.
Aromatic, with blueberry and dried jerky scents. Good fruit with earthy, chocolaty nuances creates a pretty palate that follows the nose nicely. On the downside, it turns thin toward the end. But it manages to stay juicy; in some ways it tastes like Zinfandel.
Rich and rounded, packed with yellow fruits and pineapple flavors, this is a warm, opulent wine, combining toast and fruit. True, there is some minerality, but this Meursault revels in its ripe fruit and generosity.
Hot, soft, tannic and glyceriney sweet from high alcohol, this Zin has superripe flavors of blackberries, raisins and prunes. It's bone-dry. Drink now.
Has the peripatetic Michel Chapoutier found his new Côte Rôtie? The aromas of this wine are simply intoxicating, combining peppery spice, raspberries and olives, while the flavors fold in bloody-meaty notes and blueberry fruit. Its remarkable complexity is packed onto a relatively light frame, with delicate, silky tannins suggesting early drinkability. Drink now–2012.
Striking a great balance between elegance and richness, this shows plenty of sweet fruit, white peaches and quince, while also keeping poise with  its structure and finishing acidity. This will be a great food Chardonnay.
A blend of Loess Vineyard and Leonetti Old Block, this wine is 100% varietal. The aromas are bright and pure, with notes of raspberry, cherry, plum, anise and spice. The flavors deliver, with a sense of understated appeal.
If fruit were the only thing that counted, this Pinot would get a perfect score, with an upfront burst of cherries, strawberries and raspberries. The oak appliqué is rich and balanced, and the tannin-acid structure is just fine. Its powerful fruit notes suggest to give it 6–7 years.
This cool, crisp wine shows its bright character right from the go. Very fruity, fresh, clean and with a fine aromatic character, it's a wine to drink now or age a year. Screwcap.
Deeply ruby, almost purple, in appearance, this is a thickly concentrated wine with a massive load of blueberry in center stage. Just enough room is left to allow delicate nuances of chalk, almond skin and garden herbs at the periphery. Excellent solid structure and good length on the finish make this a showcase Lagrein.
Very young, the wine gives out pure fruitiness, very fresh and lively. Good juiciness offers a riper view of this already very drinkable wine. Drink from 2015.
The official residual sugar is 6%, but the wine tastes just off-dry to slightly sweet. It's a refreshing sipper, with pretty flavors of honey, freshly squeezed tangerines, and peaches and cream, all boosted by bright, zingy acids.
Flat and chunky, but chewy and full of strawberry flavors. Somewhat lactic, with hints of sautéed mushroom—not a bad nuance. Nothing to get excited over as it shows decent quality for the price. Imported by WTWM Imports.
A big, black bruiser of a wine that has black olive flavors and aromas and plenty beyond. Raspberry, mulberry, vanilla and spice all vie on the nose, while the palate is so dark it´s tough to discern the plum and leather flavors. Give it three years and reap the benefits.
93-95 Barrel sample. Very complete, a wine that shows great freshness as well as impressive density. It has some Cabernet spice, allied to juicy black plum fruit flavors. This is going to age well.
A fragrant start brings raspberries and rose petals, along with traces of Dr. Pepper and cinnamon spice. In the mouth the wine fades a bit, not showing the depth that the aromas seem to promise. Good flavors, just a little light.
A cap of white, foamy cream sits tall on the surface of this sparkler. Aromas of honey, Golden Delicious apple and melon compose the bouquet.
There's a classic style to this Cabernet, from the enticing aromas of cassis, black cherry and licorice to the sizable yet velvety tannins that wrap flavors gracefully. Structured and medium in weight, the wine has a sense of restraint plus a balance of acidity and lushness. Enjoyable now, it will benefit with time, through 2020.
Sweet cherry and baking vanilla aromas are followed by layers of plum, raspberry and spice in this kosher Bordeaux blend from Israel. The wine offers firm tannins and a lingering finish.
Light, leafy, earthy aromas of plum and tomato accurately announce a lively, fresh palate with spicy, peppery flavors of earth, red plum and cranberry. Juicy acidity, dry but ripe red fruit and earthy complexity make for a strong finish.
Heavy and tannic, with red currant, cola, mushroom and pepper flavors. Lacks structure and charm, but an okay everyday sipper.
Rich and modern, with dense extraction and raw notes of cherry, blackberry and spice, this wine is very representative of the new face of Barbera d'Alba. There are sweet fruit notes followed by equally sweet oak tones of cinnamon, chocolate and spice.
It is rare to find pure Cabernet Sauvignon in the Loire, but 2009 was the year when it worked with ripe black currant and berry fruits. The wine has a dark, dense concentration while retaining elegance and a light touch. Age for several years.
Straightforward and fresh, this delivers aromas and flavors of black cherry accented with baking spice. Fresh acidity and supple tannins provide an easy-drinking framework.
A beautifully streamlined Cabernet, rich in currant and cedar flavors with a streak of herbs and sweet tobacco. It's a bit leaner than a typical Napa Cab, but no less elegant, and should develop through the next ten years.
Ripe yet crisp, this is a fine reflection of the excellent 2004 vintage in Champagne. It has a rich texture with concentrated apple, pineapple and toast notes, along with a tangy orange-zest character. Ready to drink now, but it will certainly age.
It's been a while since Torres Chile has made a Chardonnay this good. Minerally and toasty is the best way to describe this structured white. Good acidity keeps it upright, while plenty of barrel, cinnamon, apple and lemon character give it a Burgundian leaning. This is woody, racy and very lively now. Drink in 2014–15.
Starts off promising, with an elegant bouquet that evokes just-ripe cherries and delicate herbal notes. Turns chocolaty on the palate, offering a smooth, polished mouthfeel and tangy acids on the finish.
Fragrant blue flower, baking spice and wild berry aromas lead the nose. Zesty acidity and taut tannins frame fresh sour cherry, star anise and chopped herb flavors.
Dusty aromas of melon and apple smell a bit leesy. This feels round and complete, while melon, citrus and apple flavors turn more briny on the finish, where a saline quality takes over. Overall, this is bright and right. Drink now.
Simple and fruity, this everyday Chard has peach, pineapple and spice flavors. The taste of smoky oak shows up on the finish.
While there's some brine and haystack on the nose of this Viura, the palate feels healthy, plump and properly acidic, while peach, melon and yeasty flavors hold firm on a medium-length finish.
Billy Wathen and Dick Dore pick this cofermented blend of 85% Syrah and 15% Viognier together on the same day. The result is very savory, with resinous herbs and root beer on the nose. Once sipped, a rainbow of dark flavors emerges: chopped Italian herbs, creosote, black olive, fennel, soy and orange pith, reminiscent of a North African tagine.
A soft, medicinal and uninteresting wine, marked by harshness and green flavors that barely suggest cherries.
Pretty whiffs of tangerine and blossom are accented by savory notes of bramble and dust on this late-harvest wine. It's a quiet, light-footed wine but piercing shards of sweet-tart orange and pineapple brighten the midpalate. It finishes crisp and brisk.
A touch grassy to start, with blueberry and blackberry aromas. The palate has a clampy, tannic feel and snappy acids, while the flavors veer toward red berry, herbs, coffee and mocha. Tight and tannic on the finish, and overall it's short on body.
Sweet strawberry and cherry fruits are the soft cover to this intensely tannic wine. That structure shows its power, concentration and ageworthiness. Keep for three years and the richness will be fully revealed.
This big, bold and ripe wine is packed both with tannins and concentrated, ripe fruits. It's smooth, opulent, with a burst of black berry flavors that are shaped by the firm structure. The wood aging shows as spice and smokiness, giving further richness to this powerful wine. Drink from 2018.
Very dry and not overly fruity, this medium-bodied wine brings subtle earthy, savory flavors and a firm, straightforward mouthfeel, with a touch of astringency on the finish.
Light aromas, light body and delicate peach and apple flavors make this slightly sweet wine simple and refreshing.
Dense and extracted, this opens with aromas of roasted herbs, leafy underbrush, vanilla and plum cake. The syrupy palate offers blueberry extract and sweet baking spices framed by grippy tannins.
Substantial in dense red plum and black cherry, this dry, chewy wine will benefit from a decant or time in the glass. It furnishes a high-toned kick of acidity on the finish.
By calling it Fumé, instead of Sauvignon, Blanc, the winery telegraphs that the wine was aged in barrels. The wood has given a subtle, rich texture of smoky cream, while the yeast adds doughy notes to the citrus, fig and spice flavors.
A good value in easy-to-drink Cabernet, McWilliam's 2008 is plummy and chocolaty, with soft tannins and a velvety finish. A bit simple perhaps, but definitely satisfying. Drink now.
A big-boy Syrah named for the producer's daughter, this is a jammy, juicy, brown sugar and maple syrup kind of Syrah, with a great peppery nose and a lot of bacon fat flavors intermingled among the soft tannins.
Gold in color, this wine offers a bouquet of pink grapefruit and juniper berry. There is a nice balance between fruit and savory flavors, with lemon-lime, rose petal and Mediterranean herbs at play on the palate. It is soft on the palate and features a fruit-filled finish.
This clean, fresh and fine-tuned wine brings apple, green melon and green leaf flavors together, with a burst of tangy acidity. A perfect pour for pasta and poultry dishes.
Aromas of wood shop, coffee and espresso all carry over to the palate along with oak extract and toast. It lacks the fruit richness necessary to stand up to the oak.
Made with 90% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Cabernet Franc, this boasts aromas of black currant, mature plum, black pepper and clove. The ripe palate delivers fleshy black cherry, blackberry, licorice and Mediterranean brush accompanied by firm, fine-grained tannins.
This structured wine is balanced with great fruit, firm tannins and ripe berry flavors. Drink this impressive wine from 2019.
The wine is a bit peppery upfront, its bold blueberry and blackberry fruit marked by anise shadings. Medium to full in body, the texture is rich and velvety, with some dusty tannins on the finish that suggest ageability. Although it is approachable now, this long-distance runner will probably be at its best from 2015-2025.
Tight in texture and rich in vanilla bean, white sugar and lemon-curd flavors, this is a simple bubbly. For the price, it's fancy enough to toast weddings and other special occasions.
A good value in Oregon Pinot, this wine features fully ripe cherry aromas with some chocolaty overtones allied to a smoked-meat note. The fruit really sings on the palate, where some cranberry and cocoa flavors chime in. Best Buy.
Blueberry and other sweet berry aromas are flowery but not very staunch or dark. The palate has a high acidity level and a scouring feel to go with tart, driving cherry and red plum flavors. Scratchy, zesty and crisp on the finish, with tight tannins that draw down.
This attractive wine offers lemon and sliced-apple fruitiness. It has a lively character, crisp, tangy and ready to drink.
Not sure if this is a sparkling wine, a dessert wine or something in between. Grassy aromas of apple juice are jumbled and slightly pickled. This stays unfocused on a fizzy palate, while sweet soda-like flavors of lemon-lime and lychee finish sudsy and candied.
It's lush and fragrant with sweet cherry and plum, truffle and smoke, moist earth and mocha. Surprisingly delicate in the mouth, and yet not shy with the flavors, which stack generously one upon the other, finishing with black olive and slightly bitter baker's chocolate.
This is a rocking price for the quality of the wine, a small-production crafting of well-grown grapes in a great year. Light on the oak imprint, it shines instead in sweet and sour stone fruit, most vibrantly apricot, with a soft and layered silkiness to the texture.
Blackberry and cassis aromas are limited by a grassy, green element on the nose. In the mouth, this is loud, edgy and tannic. Flavors of saucy tomato, stewed blackberry, coconut and vanilla finish ripe and full, but a little stewy. Overall this wine is strong and generous but shows some gaps in its composition.
Far better known for Chardonnay, the Sleepy Hollow vineyard also grows a small amount of Pinot Noir, which it sells to outside wineries. Twin Oaks has done a creditable job in crafting this drily interesting Pinot. Pale in color, it has a light, silky texture, but the flavors are full, suggesting raspberries, cherries, root beer and Asian spices.
Strong in fruit, this is a high octane Pinot that floods the mouth with ripe flavors of cherry and blackberry Life Saver candy, Dr. Pepper and sweetly toasted cedar. It has an elegant structure and a silky mouthfeel that make it especially attractive. This should develop complexity over the next 6–8 years.
Tight and unyielding, with a dominating Band-Aid streak that does not disappear even after many hours of breathing time. There is some Walla Walla Syrah berry and loam character evident, and the vineyards are first rate (Seven Hills and Pepper Bridge), but the reductive, plastic flavor masks much of the fruit.
A monstrous mix of Mourvèdre (89%) and Syrah (11%) from Calaveras's Dalton Vineyard, Twisted Oak's River of Skulls opens with a heady nose of bright cherry, black tea and candied dark plum and shows off bright acidity for such a pleasantly plump wine. Tannins are resolved and yet rightfully there. The long finish is enveloped in raspberry flavors.
Fresh and linear, this opens with delicate aromas of lemon and stone fruit that all carry on to the palate along with nectarine and pear. It's simple and crisp with a nutty finish.
This wine is firm, with extracted tannins that give a bitter, dark-chocolate edge. Underneath await black fruits, acidity and a crisper edge. Drink from 2018.
This wine envelopes the senses and coats the mouth with its honey and ripe yellow fruit flavors. It's rich and unctuous yet has the acidity and poise typical of the vineyards in the foothills of the Pyrenees mountains. Young now, it will age. Drink from 2019.
The wine comes from a selection of parcels on the Castera estate. With a majority (60%) of Cabernet Sauvignon, the wine is structured and firm and still developing. It has red-berry and black-currant fruit along with plenty of tannic structure. Drink the wine from 2020.
The nose of this bottling from winemaker Tyler Thomas is simultaneously delicate and voluptuous, with strawberry, plump plum, crushed slate and pepper seasonings. The palate is focused, with fresh red fruit, a rocky structure and strong thyme, marjoram and sage characteristics. Soft and delicious, it finishes with a dried strawberry kick.
Fairly dense on the nose, with aromas of coffee grounds, leather and beef stew along with berry fruit. The palate is true, with plum and brambly berry flavors. However, the feel is a bit choppy due to sharp acidity. A good blend that will do well with food.
Ripe mango perfume extends from the nose to the palate of this bright, tropical, medium-sweet Riesling. Concentrated, with loads of sweet fruits and sunny yellow flowers, it's a straightforward yet irresistibly juicy sip.
This wine made from Muscat Canelli grapes is slightly spritzy and sweet, pungent in apricot fuzz and grass, a mélange of tropical goodness from there on out. Mango, kiwi and pineapple fill the medium-weight waves of viscous texture, concluding in a vanilla-tinged, light, fresh finish.
This 100% varietal is very ripe and jammy. The cassis flavors drink pure and intense and coat the palate through the long finish. There are underlying flavors of kirsch and mocha. A flamboyant, decadent wine, and a little sweet.
This opens with classically Chilean aromas of bell pepper, olive and berry. It feels firm and tightly wound, with plum and herb flavors. Despite its herbal quality and its peppery, briary finish, the wine nevertheless manages not to taste green.
Viognier from the Southern Rhône can often be overripe and heavy, but while this offering from Grand Veneur is full bodied and richly textured, it remains reasonably fresh. Apricot, pineapple and passion fruit flavors mingle easily on the palate, finishing clean and long. Drink now.
This rich and creamy vintage wine boasts soft apples, fresh acidity and a fine, tight texture. There's just a hint of toast to round out the palate and add complexity. It could improve with age further, so drink through 2020.
Intense concentration and firm structure make this an age-worthy, big and tannic wine. It boasts a deep, dark color, dense ripe blackberry and black cherry aromas and spicy, oaky nuances that add complexity. Best after 2019.
Blackberry aromas have a Port-like character and a smoky undertone. Big extraction leaves a thick, weighty mouthfeel and the essence of Cabernet's sweetness. Some mineral, coffee and meat on the lengthy finish. A good mix of finesse and wildness.
Light and fruity, this Merlot might be mistaken for a Gamay, with a bit more tannin and bite. Pretty cherry candy fruit is underscored with chalky earth, giving it a wider range of potential food matches. Nice effort.
You would be hard-pressed to guess the varietal in a blind tasting—it's generic red, almost 15% alcohol, cherry fruit, astringent tannins, some black olive and licorice. Quite drinkable but nondescript.
The winemakers call this their Pauillac-style wine, meaning that its character is marked by Cabernet Sauvignon. It's a brilliant wine, vastly deep, imposing and elegant, with a potent mountain flavor of black currant. The estate vineyard is very high in the Mayacamas Mountains, and you can sense the small size of the berries in the wines intensity, the sheer concentration, as well as the tannins—which are hard and tight. Clearly this is a wine that requires time in the cellar. Try in 2018, but it could worth aging well beyond that.
This Cabernet Sauvignon has aromas of black plum, violet and vanilla that pave the way for bright flavors of red plum and blackberry on the palate. The tannins are a bit chewy, but the long finish is rewarding.
Polished and creamy, this is made to appeal to the popular style. It's rich and ripe in tangerine, apricot and lime fruit, with toasty, vanilla overtones. Brightened by crisp acidity, it's a lovely wine to drink now.
88-90. Barrel sample. A wine that's about structure and presence, it has velvety tannins and flavors of mint, spice and black currant.
This wine is sourced from Lafayette, a bedroom community of San Francisco, and you know what? It's pretty good. Dry and silky, it shows cherry, raspberry, root beer and smoky, oakspice flavors. I'm looking forward to tasting the '05.
Simple and oaky, with raspberry jam, cola, vanilla and cinnamon spice flavors. The silky texture is nice.
Soft and rounded, with pear juice flavors dominant. This characteristic is balanced by a crisp, fresh, dancing style that gives delicious almond and herbal flavors. For drinking now.
As before, this is Weinbau vineyard fruit. The 2009 vintage seems to have presented some challenges, as the fruit flavors suggest uneven ripening, with a mix of tutti-fruity candy flavors along with some raisins. Tannins are smooth and there's a pleasing streak of graphite running through the finish. Drink soon.
Intensely aromatic with scents of ripe stone fruit and exotic mango, this delicately structured Riesling reverberates with acidity and fine, focused minerality. Semidry in style, it finishes long with lip-smacking fruitiness.
There's lots of vitality to this Cab, which was blended with Petite Sirah, Merlot and Malbec. It's complex on the palate with a spectrum of flavors ranging from blackberries and cherries to herbs and mushrooms. It's silky in texture and thoroughly dry in style. Drink now–2015.
Exotic aromas of dusty blueberry, latex and campfire set up a jammy, somewhat clumsy feeling palate with big, candied flavors of baked berry blended with sweet oak and licorice. The finish tastes minty, chocolaty and oaky, with heat.
A lovely 100% Viognier fermented and aged in both stainless steel and neutral oak, this wine opens with come-hither aromas of night-blooming jasmine and white flowers, evolving in the glass into a bright, viscous expression of honey and almond. Concentrated yet lively, it's a beautiful wine.
Airy and woody on the nose, this textbook Rioja crianza is woody, dry, light and elegant, with a smooth but juicy palate that brings raspberry, plum and brown sugar flavors to the fore. Spice and dry red-fruit flavors meld with juicy acidity on the finish. Drink through 2017.
With spice, raisin and driving dark-fruit aromas, this sweetie is lifted and enticing on the bouquet. Big, rowdy and complex in the mouth, with layered cherry, cough drop and kirsch flavors. Very pure late, with coffee, chocolate and even more spice to the finish. Shows good fruit, acids, heft and overall balance. Delicious and highly recommended.
Condensed violets and rose petals greet the nose on this wine from an appellation just south of the Santa Lucia Highlands. Other aromas suggest grape candy, blackberry jam, anise and a touch of bacon fat. It's lively on the medium-bodied palate, with olallieberries, black pepper and crushed dill, proving very flavorful.
This Pinot saw one-quarter new oak, which contributed an undertone of burnt toast. The spicy berry fruit is accented by a cola note, and the wine has a friendly, mouth-filling roundness. This is perfect for near term drinking.
There is good density here, with impressive tannins and very dry core of structure. The wine has weight, with cranberry and red berry flavors shining through. Always, the freshness is right up front.
Smells like pineapple blended with lemon candy. Zesty in the mouth, with crisp lemon, lime, bell pepper and a touch of mineral stoniness. Long on the finish, and for a wine of this price it's delivering the max. Likable and not complicated.
Pretty notes of black-cherry blossom and fruit are bolstered by black pepper, dried violets, deep red roses and a touch of cinnamon on the nose of this wine from the region's most famous vineyard. It presents a hearty, earthy style on the palate, with anise, bay leaf, black tea and coffee flavors that spice up the dense elderberry and strawberry fruit.
More red than dark, with semisweet aromas of candy, strawberry and a bit of grassy green. The palate is easygoing and creamy, with milk chocolate and berry flavors along with overt wood-driven spice. Finishes with drying tannins, another wave of oak and just enough snap to keep it moving in the right direction. Good but not great by Priorat standards.
This 100% Lagrein boasts alluring aromas of blackberry, tilled earth and a whiff of baking spice. The ripe luscious palate doles out black plum, cassis, star anise and a note of ground pepper alongside supple tannins. It will offer fine sipping over the next few years. Drink through 2020.
One of the finest Malbecs ever made in Washington, this pure varietal wine, sourced entirely from the Conner Lee Vineyard, is deeply concentrated with raspberry and loganberry fruit. Intense and structured for aging, it retains its clear, pure focus right on through an exceptionally long finish.
This magnum-size wine, named after the Tensleys' son, Oliver Gunnar, is still very young, especially for the large size, but the aromas of purple flower, tar, salt, pepper and black plum are very promising. Zesty pepper and thyme show on the sip along with black-plum paste and savory hoisin touches, held together by a very grippy texture. This heavy-duty wine needs time to blossom. Drink 2019–2030.
Full, round and earthy, with gritty citrus flavors that veer toward pink grapefruit. Not the most lively wine, with toast, mineral and admirable depth. Slightly sweetbut also sort of tart. Imported by Enotec Imports, Inc.
Grenache Blanc is a newcomer to the Northwest, and what little exists is rarely offered in a varietal wine. Here it's spicy and phenolic, with sharp definition. Green apple and diverse yellow fruits are in the mix, with a hint of mineral and plenty of bracing acidity.
This is a blend of grapes from Calistoga to Carneros. The wine shows Cabernet's full-bodied character and rather fierce tannins, although it has an enormous soul of blackberries, black currants and dark chocolate, as well as plenty of new oak. Shuttered and hard now, it should develop bottle complexity over the next six years.
A forwardly fruity, lightly mineral wine, all freshness and white berry fruits, elegant and well-balanced with the crisp, apple acidity. A great apéritif style of Sancerre.
A fresh, juicy wine, with attractive acidity, red berry flavors and a layer of well balanced tannins. Very perfumed, with hints of mineral and final acidity.
Dark colored, this has fresh red-berry and damson fruits. With soft tannins, this is a bright, fruity wine for drinking now.
Prosecco Riva dei Fiori is executed in a Brut style (with low levels of sweetness) and offers compelling aromas of stone fruit, citrus and white stone. The mouthfeel is sharp and fresh and this wine would pair with seafood salad or calamari.
Aromas of wild berry, violet, rose and Mediterranean herb lead the nose of this easy drinking, polished red. The juicy palate doles out blackberry, black cherry, white pepper and star anise while bright acidity and supple tannins offer support. Drink through 2017.
Not much Cabernet Sauvignon remains in the Russian River Valley, making this wine an outlier worth seeking. Cinnamon and nutmeg dust the entry, followed by a persistent level of baking spice on the palate. Approachable blue fruit and licorice dominate midway, revealing the 5% Malbec that's been blended in.
Herb and licorice notes complement the berry and sour cherry fruit in this bright offering. Quite youthful, a sulfur note on the nose has to blow off to reveal the essentially good fruit within. The acids here are high and the wine is a touch too racy now, but it will cut right through your pasta's tomato sauce.
Peach, apple and pear aromas are smooth and easy to like. The mouthfeel is juicy and fresh, which Leyda Valley is known for, while the flavors of citrus, apple and nectarine come with acid-driven snap. As a whole, this is more fruity and focused than oaky and heavy.
There was probably too much wood aging of this wine. It shows in the woody character which threatens to smother the black-currant fruit. The acidity at the end helps to give the wine some attraction.
Vines on the southern slopes of the Montagne de Reims have given this wine a soft character and ripe fruitiness. Fresh baked apples and bright acidity are right out front to produce a refreshing, accessible wine that is ready to drink now.
Popcorn and apple aromas ride highest on a lightly baked and toasty bouquet. This feels clean and correct, but basic. Flavors of spiced apple and melon blend with fresh celery and lettuce notes in front of a minerally lime-tinged finish.
A beautiful oak-aged blend of Ansonica and Chardonnay, this is a great white wine from Sicily, with fragrant tones of almond blossom, apricot, hazelnut and vanilla. The mouthfeel is smooth, long and silky.
The convergence of high alcohol, acidity and tannin will make this Super Tuscan-style blend of 50% Sangiovese, 25% Cabernet Sauvignon and 25% Merlot last quite a while. Intense plum brandy aromas meet nose-tickling licorice notes on the nose while the palate's grippy tannins present vanilla, cherry, blackberry and candied lilac flavors. Drink 2018–2028.
Starts with a piercing nose of citrus and pineapple, that leads into a welcome burst of fresh, round, pretty fruit flavors of peach and apricot. No rough edges here, and no heat, just a plump, smooth, pleasing wine.
Weinrieder's hallmark purity of fruit is very evident with this wine's freshness and flavors of pears and green plums. It has good weight, great poise and a deliciously light aftertaste.
A super value in Pinot Noir, just so long as you don't expect a bright, berry-scented wine. This is a dark, mysteriously earthy and herbal Pinot, with savory, spicy elements backed by dark fruit and a long, dusty finish. Drink it now and over the next few years.
Simple, soft and sweet, with the flavors of a cherry, chocolate, roasted nut and nougat health bar.
This is a spicy number with a minty green aroma along with cherry, molasses and smoke notes. The mouthfeel is edgy and lively, while the flavors of vanilla, cocoa and herbal plum and berry are solid and composed. It's solid but a bit herbal on the finish.
This light pink wine is warm, ripe and red-fruit flavored. It is soft and creamy with just the right amount of acidity. There's a refreshing, light aftertaste.
The sweet fruitiness and citrus-driven acidity of raspberry and cherry jam mark this savory, young wine. Its pedigree is impressive, ranging from the winery's historic Bosché Vineyard to Atlas Peak and Mount Veeder. It's insanely rich, if a little obvious in its appeal, so drink over the next few years.
This opens with aromas recalling stewed plum, nutmeg, vanilla and a suggestion of blue flower. The ripe palate has a firm structure that supports dried black cherry, clove and aromatic herb while astringent tannins generate an abrupt, somewhat raspy finish. Give the tannins a few more years to mellow then drink.
Shows its cool-climate origins in the crisp acidity and powerful black pepper aromas and flavors that mark this very fine Syrah. The other flavors range from blackberries, violets and sandalwood to a distinctly meaty note. Beautiful now with your most upscale food.
Aromas of warm radiator dust and lightly toasted peach and apple come in front of a plump, peachy palate with candied orange and nectarine flavors. The finish is blocky in feel and short in length, with creamy sweetness.
A blend of 44% Syrah, 31% Grenache and 25 Mourvèdre, this wine is aromatically very pure, with plenty of red and blue fruit, speckled with bay leaf, herb and black-pepper accents. It possesses a thrilling plush mouthfeel, with olive and black-fruit flavors, showing a fine sense of purity.
Irresistible is the word that comes to mind to describe this Pinot, which is available only in magnums. The vintage was California's finest ever, and the wine shows spectacularly ripe red currant, cherry, tangerine zest, licorice and beef jerky flavors, with just the right touch of smoky oak. Yet the structural balance of acidity and fine tannins gives it the perfect architecture. Best now in its flashy youth and for the next 4 or 5 years.
Berry aromas are clean and forward, with just a spot of resin and vanilla. The palate is snappy and crisp, with cherry and plum acidity framing dry, tangy, lightly herbal flavors of raspberry and red plum. Light and zesty on the semisharp finish.
Plum and grape aromas kick off this bottling from Brian Loring, accented by clove, Indian spice and crushed cinnamon. Stewed black plum, peppercorn, turned earth and broad fruit flavors combine in a somewhat muddy formation on the palate.
This is floral and aromatic, bearing soft, ripe yellow fruit, attractive acidity and a soft, rounded texture. A shaft of citric acidity cuts through the palate, making the wine feel lively and refreshing.
From a great vineyard under the precise care of grower extraordinaire Ulises Valdez, this wine offers layers of spicy red cherry and berry fruit around lovely waves of soft, supple tannins. The finish continues the theme, balanced in acidity, a freshness of fruit and lingering cola spice.
This opens with aromas of red berry and aromatic herb. On the palate, black pepper and dried sage backup raw red cherry while bracing tannins provide the framework.
This Syrah is rounding into its prime drinking window. Purple and black fruits abound, with teasing streaks of anise, clove and espresso. Lush and precise, this has excellent length, and although it's drinking beautifully right now, it can age further.
A bit too tannic and tough right now, although the cherry, raspberry, orange, cola and sandalwood flavors are very rich and attractive. The finish is where things really get interesting, offering spicy length and complexity. Needs time in the cellar. Give it a good sleep until after 2013.
A beautiful wine with a spine of steel and trenchant acidity that demands savory, spicy foods. It's brilliantly ripe in mineral-infused Meyer lemon and spicy green melon, and while it's technically dry, has a rich, honeyed sweetness. Entirely unoaked.
This wine's subtle aromas of black-skinned berry, pressed violet and cooking spice emerge in the glass. The dense palate offers ripe black plum, licorice and leather hints, with chewy tannins and heat from evident alcohol. Drink through 2019.
This Barbera shows elegance and harmony with ripe berry notes that are offset by wood spice and mineral notes. The extraction is thick and dense and the wine yields a plush, smooth texture in the mouth with bitter berry nuances on the close.
Coffee, mint and earthy blackberry aromas open this rich, ripe—almost unctuous—Carmenère. Spiced berry and lightly herbal black plum flavors finish full and balanced, while ending flavors of dark-roast coffee, chocolate and herbs are just right.
This is nice and dry, with a silky texture, firm acidity and classic cherry, cola and pomegranate flavors. But it finishes on the slender side.
This delivers dark, masculine concentration backed by firm astringency and dusty tannins. Rather than fresh fruit, the opens with aromas of crème de cassis, cherry liqueur and dark prune.
A little herbal and green-ish, but not too much so. The nose has varietal aromas of pepper, bramble and oregano, but the palate is smooth and medium in depth, with cola, licorice and creamy vanilla accents working off a solid core of plum. Finishes reasonably long and warm.
Oak barrel aging dominates,bringing buttered toast and caramel flavors. Underneath all that is a dry, tartly acidic wine, with complex tropical fruit, citrus and herb flavors. It might develop bottle complexity over the year four to five years. You can drink it now, but not too cold.
Dominated by wood spice and smoky flavors this wine, ready to drink now, seems to have lost sight of the fruit. It is dark and extracted with burnt coffee flavors at the end.
Toasty and rubbery aromas lead to a drastic, rather sharp palate of brazen red cherry and plum. More tang and pickled than rich and rewarding, with a fiery mouthfeel and scouring acidity.
Solid earthy aromas accented by bacon and vanilla presage round berry fruit favoring strawberry and cherry. Fairly full-bodied, in that it stands up in the glass like a Bordeaux. Not austere or overtly spicy; instead it is friendly and comes to life with breathing.
Sweet and funky smelling, with a weird set of aromas that suggest Middle Eastern spice and hard-to-gauge fruit. The palate feel is barely acceptable, while the flavors are jumbled and overtly spicy and strange. Maybe it's the oak? Or maybe it's just not very good wine.
“Sans Soufre Ajouté” means without added sulfur; the wine has a considerable sediment that needs time to settle. It is a wine full of ripe fruit and toasted popcorn. It has a round mouthfeel.
Still showing its wood aging, the wine is rich with spice and blackberry fruit. It is structured and with swathes of juicy fruitiness. The acidity at the end gives this wine its final lift.
A softly gentle, ultrarich Chardonnay. Fruity flavors of pineapples and Key lime pie are enriched with notes of caramelized vanilla, buttered toast, sautéed banana and honey. A stony minerality offers much needed weight and balance. Delicious. Drink now.
The second wine of Jorge Moreira's Poeira is rich and smooth, the bright berry fruits sinking into a cushiony texture. The acidity and smoky wood provide a counterpoint to its firm, youthful tannins.
This passito-style blend of Muscat Ottonel and Vidal Blanc is layered with amber honey, marmalade, apricot in the fruit camp, and hazelnut, mushroom,toast and ginger for complexity. The palate is equally stimulating and leads to a gorgeous earthiness at the end. In feel this is silky smooth, with ample acidity to carry the plushness. The finish is long and harmonious.
This is a big-boned, dusty varietal wine, aged in 50% new French oak. Oak spice scents enwrap its leathery blackberry and black currant flavors, finishing on a bittersweet taste of tobacco.
This simple, easy-drinking expression of Morellino offers aromas and flavors of black cherry and raspberry alongside fresh acidity and wispy, fleeting tannins.
Black cherry and vanilla aromas lead this young Merlot. There are big flavors of red plum and cooked black fruits in the midpalate, with balanced acidity on the finish.
Basic citrus aromas lean towards grapefruit. This blend of 70% Godello with Treixadura and Albariño feels fresh and snappy, with bracing acidity. Briny flavors of white grapefruit and tangerine finish fresh and cleansing. Drink immediately.
A rich wine that strikes a good balance among tropical fruits, acids and a dry botrytis core. It shows notes of spice and honey, with apricot juice acidity. This is ready to drink.
Brunello Voliero is a dark and savory wine that is packed tight with red berry, cherry liqueur, toasted spice, leather and lasting tones of dried tobacco and cigar box. Three years of aging in large oak casks has helped shape a soft, velvety and polished mouthfeel.
This is a very beautiful and satisfying Brut expression of Prosecco Superiore that delivers dry sensations of talc powder and crushed stone backed by white flower and citrus. The close is steely crisp and bright.
89-91. Barrel sample. This is a fruity wine that's packed with citrus flavor. With its light, bright and crisp mouthfeel, this is likely to develop quickly.
Etude's 2005 defines power and authority, Napa style. It's hard to imagine a Cabernet Sauvignon more explosive in blackberry, cherry and chocolate fruit flavor. Yet the structure is superb, with firm but ultrarefined tannins providing an architecture to house all that richness. Beautiful now, and should age gracefully for a decade. Relatively easy to find, with 4,600 cases produced.
Sweet and jammy, with pie-filling flavors of blackberries and black cherries, spiced up with cocoa, anise, cinnamon and brown sugar. This soft, tasty Cab is probably at its best now and soon.
Blackened and charred on the nose, there are also blueberry, herb and earth notes to get this balanced yet huge Malbec going. Blackberry, black plum and pie crust flavors finish cedary, with pastry notes and lasting black fruit. If you want power but also elegance and purity from your red wine, this is it. Drink through 2022.
A barrel-fermented, single-vineyard designate, this vivacious Viognier brings suggestions of summer cocktails—specifically margaritas and gin and tonics. The spicy, pear-flavored fruit seems to be edged with salt and fresh-sqeezed lime, which is not to say that it isn't a beautifully crafted wine. Fine balance and length.
A structured, ripe wine with big, boisterous fruit. There are fresh strawberry flavors, hints of banana and candy; the aftertaste is solid, with dry tannins.
Well balanced and medium bodied, this isn't a biting-acids, oyster-ready sort of Riesling. Instead, it's rather feminine, with pretty sunflower, honey and peach fuzz flavors swathed in chalk. The nose has nice, waxy yellow melon and citrus notes. Delicate, easy to find, and a bargain, as are most all of Wynns' “Coonawarra”-labeled bottlings, which are all priced in the low-to-mid teens.
Starts off well, featuring scents of green apples and honey. But the flavors are simple and it's a bit on the weighty side, with ample (12%) alcohol and some residual sugar as well.
Lively lemon and herb aromas and bright, vivid grapefruit flavors make this an eye-opening dry wine. It has plenty of good fruit acidity to whet the appetite for appetizers and seafood.
Here is a golden-tinged wine that demonstrates the aging potential of Verdicchio. A third of the blend undergoes fermentation in oak and this extra step adds pretty vanilla and toasted notes that work well with the wine's natural minerality. Imported by Bedford International.
91-93 Rich more than dry, the palate a very spicy character, the texture full, unctuous, but more than just sweet.
Candied melon and peach aromas lead to a creamy, woody palate that's somewhat flat in feel and short on acidity. Flavors include vanilla, cream, spicy oak and soft apple fruit. It's spicy and barrel driven on the finish.
From one of the many cru estates that are run by Beaujolais merchant Georges Duboeuf, this wine is smooth, generous and juicy. It has red-cherry fruit that is surrounded by some firm tannins as well as juicy acidity. Drink from late 2017.
This screwcap red blend from northern Italy offers a fantastic little package at a very attractive low price. Pristine aromas of red berry and white cherry are offset by subtle shadings of sweet spice and crushed mineral. The wine drinks very well.
Grilled aromas of fresh asphalt and slightly murky berry fruits improve with airing, as does a full-bodied palate with big tannins. Toasty, spicy flavors of herbal berry and cassis show good complexity but are far from tame. Finishing flavors of chocolate and pepper are dry and woody. Drink through 2027.
What a great break from boring commercial red blends! This vibrant but deep wine from the Fore Family Vineyard at 3,000-feet in elevation has beautiful spicy aromas like black pepper, cardamom and tar, distinctive flavors of cranberry and black cherry and a taut texture of fine-grained tannins and good acidity.
Darker and riper in tone than the winery's Walker Hill Vineyard bottling, this is creamy and lush, with toasty caramel accents and spicy, tropical fruit. Balanced in acidity and soft in tannins, it is structured and rich, highlighting the beauty and diversity of Green Valley.
This golden Chardonnay is loaded with rich, oaky aromas of corn pudding, butterscotch, baked apple and wood grain. Plump and soft on the palate, this tastes of baked apple, creamed corn and buttery oak, with popcorn to the finish. Drink through 2017.
This blend of Sangiovese and Canaiolo is enhanced with a small percentage of Merlot. That addition heightens the wine's softness and renders a richer mouthfeel.
Aromas of exotic spice, red berry, crushed dill, espresso and a whiff of coconut lead the nose. The rounded polished palate offers black raspberry, dark cherry, vanilla, coffee and a hint of anise alongside fine-grained tannins. Drink 2021–2028.
The earth, smoke, saddle-leather aromas and flavors are powerful and distinctive but probably not to all tastes. The lavish high-toast oak is nearly over-the-top, but a creamy mouthfeel and long finish tip the scales to the pleasure side. Complex and challenging … but not for those averse to the elements mentioned.
Reduced aromas of rubber and iodine are potent. In the mouth, this feels narrow and citric, with pronounced acidity. Flavors of black fruits are salty and pinched, while the finish lacks clarity and body.
Opens with earth, lemon peel and lightly baked plum aromas. Feels easy and plump, with a good mouthfeel and proper acidity. Shows creamy oak flavors along with rooty berry, toast and milk chocolate. Turns more spicy and dusty on the finish.
A marvelously intense wine, the Chardonnay singing with light toast and acidity. The wine has layers of green apple, spice, a tight texture and orange zest highlights. Age for at least seven years.
Gorgeous and immaculate. Showcases Russian River/Sonoma Coast Pinot at its finest, with superb acidity, ultra-refined tannins and flavors of grilled blackberries, cherry pie filling, cola, crushed black pepper, cinnamon, anise and smoky, caramelized sandalwood. As rich as it is, there's an elusive quality, with hints of wild game and undefineable forest floor. Beautiful now and through 2015.
Lightly scented, this offers aromas of acacia flower, nut and white orchard fruit. The focused palate offers white peach, yellow apple, ripe pear and a mineral note alongside bright acidity and a persistent, firm perlage.
With its succulent floral aromas, you almost have to be drawn in. Flavors of melon, apple and banana are lengthy and delicious. The only stumbling block is a flat mouthfeel, which some might call plump. Shockingly, this wine is made mostly from the pedestrian Airen grape.
This lovely Gewürztraminer is floral without being cloying, and carries the varietal marker often described as talcum powder. There's a hint of mint, and despite the 16 g/L residual sugar, it's crisp and fresh.
The rose petal and kirsch aromas are easy to like, with notes of tobacco and smoky earth in the mix. It feels good, easygoing and mature, with raspberry, cherry and spice flavors. Cool, collected and mature as a whole, this is ready now.
This opens with smoky, powerful aromas of black fruit and oak. The palate feels flush, offering several levels of character and complexity. Flavorwise, this pulses with blackberry, cassis and fudge, before finishing with subtle prune, mint and chocolate notes. Not edgy or hard. A blend of Malbec, Petit Verdot, Cabernet and Syrah.
Solid, rich and ripe red raspberries and brambly berries are upfront on the nose of this attractive wine, with seductive tones of sweet oak and cured meat in the back. Medium in weight, with spicy, structured tannins and ample acidity, the oak is well-integrated into the plush fruit core.
The fruit appears very ripe, almost too ripe, making the wine difficult to pair with food because of the width and intensity of its jammy nose. Yet more harmonious tones of chocolate, coffee and spice kick in at the rear to add dimension.
Aromas of hot yet damp sandstone, very light Asian pear and scratched lemon emerge from this intriguing wine. Rounded nectarine and white flowers show on the bright and tight palate, boosted by lemon rinds and a fascinating minerality. It's perfect for lighter fare, from shellfish to chicken in cream sauce.
Doesn't have quite the sheer ravishing power of the winery's Trace Ridge Cabernet, but this Cab-based Bordeaux blend is nuanced and possibly more complex and Bordeaux-like. The flavors are of currants, blackberries, cherries, anise and cedar, aged in 78% new French oak. Give it until 2011 to mellow.
Broglio is a vineyard in the Serralunga d'Alba area of the Langhe and this expression of Nebbiolo offers a ruby color with orange highlights, followed by aromas of cola, wild berry, lemon zest and leather. The mouthfeel is drying and firmly tannic.
From the winery formerly known as Napa Ridge comes this modestly priced Cab. It's nicely ripe in all kinds of luscious blackberry, cherry and cocoa flavors, and although it's from the hot region of Lodi, somehow it manages to have crisp acidity.
A wine that is made from 100% Grenache, giving intense herbal aromas and concentrated, solid fruit. For a Côtes-du-Rhône, this is a big, powerful wine.
Quite closed at this stage, this is a full wine with tight acidity and a crisp minerally texture. White flower and spice notes set off the lively character of this lemon- and pineapple-flavored selection. This is worth keeping for 4–5 years.
Ripe and spicy, this is an impressive, solid, new wood-dominated wine. The tannins come from high toast as well as the concentrated blackberry juice fruits. That makes it dry, a wine that needs to soften. But it has all the intensity that are the hallmarks of top Douro wines, so try it again in a year.
Woody, smoky notes lend an attractive Alpine flair to savory apple and piercing lime flavors in this medium-sweet Riesling. It's refreshingly mineral on the palate, with layers of crushed rock and chalk that linger long on the finish.
Smells a little feline at first, but it settles with air while still remaining spunky, herbal and typical of Los Lingues Carmenère. This is a true terroir wine; it has green pepper and leathery raspberry flavors along with a peppery, spicy finish. Best for those who really know the variety. First-timers may be surprised by its profound herbal character.
Among the highest expressions of Extra Dry Prosecco, Giall'Oro opens with very refined, but beautifully intense, aromas of peach, spring flower, citrus and passion fruit. The wine is smooth, creamy and rich on the close.
Coming from a vineyard west of Paso Robles that peeks at the ocean surrounding Morro Rock, this is a dense expression of the grape, with dried strawberries, blackberries, smoked pork butt, star anise and lots of smoke on the nose. The palate is rich and lively, with decent mineral-driven restraint, showing a mouth-watering flavor array of dense blackberries and spicy Sichuan peppercorns.
While honeyed peach and quince flavors are juicy and sweet on this delicately framed auslese, distinctly earthy notes of herb and smoke lend a mysteriously savory tone. It bristles on the palate, with sunny lemon acidity.
This wine is ripe yet still crisp, with a touch of honey flavor and apricot fruit lending ripeness, pulled taut by a tang of orange zest-like acidity. It's delicious and ready to drink, finishing on mineral texture.
Dominated by Touriga Nacional at 60% with the addition of 40% Syrah, this is a ripe, fruity wine. It is full of fresh berry fruits that are sustained by the firm tannic background. It has a ripe feel while also have a light touch of acidity. The wine is ready to drink.
Pure fruit with some concentration, this wine also has a steely texture and a touch of saltiness. It's fresh and crisp with delicious green fruits, citrus and white peach. Ready to drink now, the wine will be better from 2016.
This is a basic white wine with a few quirks. It smells floral and appley, and tastes quite dry and a bit sharp while carrying a candylike marshmallow note.
Classically structured, which means dry tannins mixed with fresh black currant juice, and set over a bed of tight wood. This is a firm wine, perhaps lean for the vintage, but with a sense of balance and structure.
Scratchy raspberry aromas are low in depth and complexity. This has a drawing, clampy, tannic palate with tart plum and berry flavors. Lightly salty, herbal notes accent raw red-fruit flavors on the finish.
Generic red-fruit aromas are accented by sage and thyme, while in the mouth the feel is wiry. Full-blooded raspberry and cherry flavors come with pronounced acidity and lighter-framed tannins, so there's some sharpness. All in all it's a no-frills red wine with minimal Cabernet character.
A wine that is fruity and aromatic, this is made to drink now. It has a crisp texture, like biting into a green apple, and acidity that shoots through the fruity palate. Screwcap.
A lovely lemony lift jumps from the glass and immediately signals maturing Riesling. The palate is still taut with freshness but has the harmonious balminess of bottle age. Hints of dried pear and candied lemon peel appear. The palate is as precise and taut as ever, brightened by utter apple and citrus crispness. The finish is long, dry and utterly clean cut.
Dick Arrowood's Saralee's Viognier is consistently one of the best in California. Dependably ripe in juicy tropical fruit, wildflower, honey and vanilla flavors, it's balanced with acidity and minerals.
With Toso's basic 2006 Malbec being named our Best Buy of the Year for 2007, we find ourselves a bit pinned in judging this higher-priced Reserve Malbec from the same year. With the microscope turned up, however, we find a well-oaked wine with pencil-shaving aromas yielding to coconut and subtle black fruit notes. The palate is dense, structured and full of cherry, cassis and clove flavors. Composed for sure, with tighter acids and tannins than the aforementioned Best Buy champ.
Làvico is a tight, bright wine that shows an elegant and austere side of sunny Sicily. The wine is redolent of wild berries, cola, dried ginger and light spice.
A blend of Baga and Merlot, the Baga giving the tight juiciness, the Merlot rounding the wine out. The wine is fresh, fruity, packed with red berries, with an herbal edge and spice from wood.
This wavers from the classic Australian recipe of dry Riesling to offer something with a touch of residual sugar (13.6 g/L). Notes of crushed stone, pineapple and lime are buttressed by tart acids, while the sugar helps to balance the finish. A strong candidate to pair with spicy-sweet Asian dishes.
Good price for a Pinot Noir this elegant and delicious. It's dry and firm, with zesty acidity and some furry tannins. Flavors of raspberries, cola and buttered cinnamon toast lead to a long, spicy finish. Decant it an hour or two before drinking.
This limited-production Syrah (3,200 bottles produced) spends 18 months in French and American oak, providing a sweet spice and chocolate backdrop to the wine's bright red berry aromas and flavors. Accents of foresty foliage and black pepper add additional complexity to the lush mouth. Drink now–2014.
The aromas are clean and varietal, and the fruit follows along with pleasant, light pear and apple flavors, buoyed by tangy acids.
Made with organically grown grapes, this opens with aromas of ripe dark plum, crushed flower and a whiff of vanilla. The juicy palate offers black cherry, game and a licorice note alongside fine-grained tannins.
Easy to like for its clean, dry purity, and the complicated flavors of black currants, blackberry jam, pepper and cedar. There's a firmness of tannins and acidity that make the structure especially attractive. Drink now.
Though the flavors are one dimensional, they are substantial, with a mix of plum and black-cherry fruit at the center. There are strong streaks of citrus and soil, with astringent tannins and acids that stick out with a somewhat chalky, citrus character.
Very ripe and soft, almost raisiny but not quite, with the flavor of melted chocolate fudge drizzled with cassis. The alcohol reads below 14%, but there's a heat that's hard to explain.
Founded by Enrico Bergadano in 1974, this estate is now managed by son Piercarlo who farms two hectares of vines in Barolo, Monforte and Novello. This is the family's top wine, with fruit harvested from the celebrated Sarmassa cru. It shows incredible density and elegance with bright aromas of wild berries, white truffle and licorice. The drying tannins are tight and firm. Drink after 2015.
Rich and finely perfumed, this has a ripe black-fruit flavor, with notes of fresh red berries. It is full bodied and round, with just the right level of ripeness and weight to lend excellent aging potential.
Surprisingly lean and light bodied, this doesn't show typical characteristics of a late harvest wine, but its a clean, refreshing dessert wine evocative of dewy, fresh wildflowers, melon and lemons with just a hint of petrol. Bitter lime pith and pleasant notes of slate and stone add some complexity as well.
This beautiful expression of Nebbiolo from the La Serra cru represents the best of Barolo winemaking tradition. Eugenio Bocchino heads a family-run estate that spans almost six hectares in La Morra, Verduno, Roddi and Alba. This is a focused and tightly tuned wine with bright berry nuances and exciting crispness, length and elegance.
The winemakers at Giribaldi went for a more ambitious wine, with intense jammy fruit, licorice and earth. On the palate the wine was quite extracted, showing plenty of black fruit and the earthy character taking a more central role. Imported by Global E. Selections, LLC.
Cool, herbal aromas of blueberry are unusual. This is blocky in feel, with a low level of finesse. Candied, herbal cherry and medicinal berry flavors finish with mint and spice notes along with a green character.
While sleek and slender in style, there's a steely intensity to this well-priced dry Riesling. It's deeply mineral, wafting of smoke and crushed slate, and vibrantly acidic, but the midpalate yields nicely, offering layers of ripe honeydew and grapefruit. It's silken in texture, with a lingering chalkiness on the finish.
This gets the Cabernet basics done, with ripe, jammy blackberry and cherry flavors, full-bodied tannins and a dry, spicy finish. It's a good everyday Cab, and the bag-in-box packaging means you don't have to rush to finish it.
Made from Caladoc and Tinta Roriz, this is a polished, while still fresh, wine. It's acidity points up the juicy berry fruits, the tannins almost an afterthought in this balanced, structured wine.
Plum, tomato and animal aromas feed into a tight, pulling, tannic palate. Salty and savory plum and berry flavors end with dry tannins and an overall scratchy feel that's rugged but stout.
Lots to like in this rich, peppery Syrah. It's a full-bodied, complex sipper, with subtlely earthy flavors of blackberries, blueberries, carob and figs. Good price for a wine of this polish.
The En Chamberlin vineyard, farmed biodynamically by Christophe Baron of Cayuse, is the source for this 62% Cabernet Sauvignon/38% Syrah blend. Concentrated and dense, beautifully structured with the herbal flavors of Cabernet Sauvignon set against tart wild berry and hints of citrusy acid.
A little sharp, with a sting throughout, but otherwise a fine, classic Cabernet brimming with flavor. Shows upfront blackberries, currants, chocolate-covered cherries, smoky vanilla and toast, wrapped into smooth, sturdy tannins. Could mellow and soften in the next several years.
Aromas of red berries with thyme and anise accents also show a whiff of acetone that bothered some tasters. After that, this wine is on very comfortable ground. Smooth and evenly textured, it has a balanced, even graceful quality often lacking in Zinfandels. Good length and mild pepper and spice mark the finish.
The best Chardonnays from this warm Sonoma County valley show tropical fruit flavors and are quite decadent, and this is one of the best. With crisp acidity, it brims with pineapple crème brûlée, papaya and vanilla custard. Drink this opulent wine with rich fare, such as scallops, crab and lobster.
This vibrant, savory and linear white offers alluring spring flower and mature orchard fruit scents. On the elegant—almost ethereal—palate, hints of ginger and citrus zest add depth to ripe pear and juicy peach. Fresh acidity brightens the creamy flavors, leaving a crisp finish.
Wax bean and citrus notes meet dry, woody elements on the nose, but this wine does feature a plump, appealing texture and a soft, easy finish. Drink now.
Opens with watery, citrusy aromas, and tastes of apples and grapefruits. Not much complexity or depth, but it's clean, with no flaws. On the soft side, and finishes with a little residual sugar.
Subdued aromas of red plum, baking spice and a warm, yeasty whiff that recalls bread dough come together on this 90% Sangiovese and 10% Mammolo blend. The simple, lively palate offers tart sour cherry and orange peel accompanied by zesty acidity.
Fruit ripeness in 2010 was generally much more difficult to achieve than in 2009. This Southern Rhône-style blend has not yet come out of its rather tough, chewy shell. The flavor of hard cherry candy is wrapped in rock-like tannins, needing more bottle time to smooth out. Lay it down for a couple of years while enjoying the 2009 Subduction Red.
Really? A five-buck Oregon Riesling? It's light, lemony and tart, but it's real wine, simple and plain, yet fine with shellfish or other light seafood.
A lovely Cab. Although it's got some richly dry tannins, it's soft and melted enough to drink now. The flavors of black currants, cassis and cocoa harmonize perfectly with finely toasted oak.
Something of a letdown after the top-rank showing of the 2006, the 2007 is marked by a slightly sour, lactic character, which accentuates the wine's sweet-corn fruit. The mouthfeel is creamy and soft, maybe a little too soft—so drink it over the next few months.
Aromas suggesting dark berry, exotic spice and toasted oak come together in this. The tight palate is more subdued than the nose, recalling sour berry and powdered herbs alongside astringent tannins.
Effusively fruity, bursting with ripe scents and flavors of berries and cherries. There is an interesting underlayer of earthy peat moss, just as an accent. The concentration is exceptional, dense and layered and constantly reinventing itself as it rolls through a spicy, herbal finish.
This is a smooth, ripe and rounded wine with solid tannins and rich plum and berry fruits. From a good vintage, it is full of tannins, smoky wood and balanced acidity. It's a full, ripe and ready to drink.
A pepper- and spice-dominated wine, this has a background of citrus and green plum flavors. The palate is textured and full. The Rotenpüllen is made up of glacial deposits.
In good vintages like 2004, Deyo can be one of Spain's best Merlots. The fact that it is one of Spain's only Merlots is moot when you taste Deyo's warm and spicy black fruit, its fine-grained oak, and then all the coffee, butter and pepper that work the finish. A little tannic and grabby, but food will offset that.
Subdued aromas of hay, pineapple and crushed stone eventually unfold in the glass. The reserved but elegant palate shows honeydew melon, peach, citrus and mineral alongside crisp acidity.
Melony and fleshy as most Central Valley SBs tend to be. There's not much zap, crispness or life blood here, so catch it now for the minimal amount of lemon and green apple it's giving. Finishes wet and round, with some mild bitterness.
An appetizing combination of ripe, red-cheeked apple, pink grapefruit and Amalfi lemon promise exuberant but expertly expressed fruit. This is joined by the spiciness of white pepper that is resonant, concentrated and ethereally aromatic. Citrus and fruit flavors linger long and convincingly.
Spicy and dry, this Zin offers flavors of currants, tobacco, pepper and cocoa. The tannins are thick, but acidity is low, giving it a soft mouthfeel. Could be more concentrated, but it's an elegant wine.
In 2014 this vineyard designate was further subdivided by clone. The Pommard bottling pushes big fruit front and center—a juicy mix of blood orange, red berries and cherries. There's a certain stiffness to the tannins still, but overall it's finely proportioned and should be enjoyable through the mid-2020s.
Located between the city of Bordeaux and Margaux, this estate regularly produces good quality. In 2013, the producers have managed to highlight good fruit and dry tannins that also sustain the juiciness. The wine is still firm and will take a while to develop, so wait until 2018.
Dominated by Cinsault in the blend, this is a fragrant wine, full of strawberry-flavored fruitiness. It is rich with wild berries and a smooth texture, but keeps freshness with its crisp aftertaste.
Tastes amazingly young and fresh at more than six years, hardly showing its age. Bursts with vibrant blackberry and cherry flavors, crisped with acidity and wrapped into finely spun tannins. A lovely, dry wine to drink now, but one that might develop interesting bottle complexities.
Grown in the cooler western part of San Luis Obispo, outside the Paso Robles line, this Chardonnay has good acidity. It's rich in Key lime pie, tangerine jam and maple syrup flavors. A little sweet, but easy to drink.
Full and fleshy, this Pinot Noir has strong black-licorice and herb components. It has a big personality, and the alcohol seems higher than it actually is.
Soft and sweet, a simple country-style wine with cherry jam flavors as well as a streak of wintergreen mint.
A blend from several of the producer's finest vineyards, including Georganne, Flax, Olivet Lane and Klopp, this offers complex notes of smoky lavender and licorice. Velvety texture underlies mouth-coating flavors of blackberry jam, pomegranate and cardamom, finishing tartly in acidity.
Made entirely with Cabernet Franc, this displays subtle aromas of cassis and baking spice that carry over to the juicy palate together with bell pepper and vanilla. Round tannins provide the approachable framework. Drink through 2020.
From one of the oldest vineyards in Austria, this is a hugely ripe and intense wine. It has obvious power and concentration balanced with flavorful acidity and creamy pear. Rich, full bodied and dense, it is still young and should not be drunk before 2015.
Classic Sauvignon aromas of cut grass, straw, tropical fruit and crushed tomato vine mingle in the glass. The vibrant, elegant palate shows finesse and balance, delivering juicy white peach, grapefruit and green melon alongside crisp acidity.
Cherry cough drop and other red fruit, medicinal aromas set up a standard, fresh palate with racy berry flavors and mild oak as a backdrop. Finishes with good smack, feel and controlled wood notes, but not much complexity or finesse.
This classic offering combines Petite Sirah with Carignane, Grenache, Syrah, Peloursin and Mourvèdre. Truffled earth and black pepper give it a savory edge that's completely inviting, while the mouthfeel remains soft despite the powerful tannins. Enjoyable now, it should disclose a depth of complexity over time; cellar through 2021.
Stewy and strained on the nose, this Tempranillo feels raw and tannic. Stewy flavors are derivative of the nose, and the wine is rough, hot and severely tannic on the finish.
Toasty, herbal aromas; taut plum fruit on the palate takes on herb and coffee flavors, and tealike tannins that persist through the finish. Though this wine shows well, Winemaker Cara Morrison promises that the 2002 and 2003 vintages are even better.
Aromas of toast, coconut and oak-driven spice lead the nose and carry over to the palate along with licorice and a confectionary note. This lacks fruit richness while raspy tannins leave an astringent finish.
Six Sigma's Cabernet is entirely unproven, but this one shows great promise. With a heavy rusticity, it has a way to go, but the blackberry and currant fruit is so rich, the tannin-acid balance so fine, that it's just a matter of time before this estate lands on the coveted map.
Le Segreta is an easy, popular red wine from Sicily that offers the wild berry, fennel, cola and almond-like aromas associated with the beautiful Mediterranean island. The mouthfeel is informal and crisp.
Nice and full on the nose, with a bit of subtle oak that yields smoke, bacon, coffee and mocha aromas. Red plum and sweet berry fruit lead to a smooth finish. Good and in proportion, if a touch raw and woody. Imported by Banfi Vintners.
Although there's lots to like in this Zin, it's just too sweet. On the plus side are rich, complex flavors of cherry pie, raspberry tart, cassis, cocoa and mushu plum sauce, accented by peppery spices and a bit of wood. Also nice are the dense but ripe tannins. But then there's that sugary, brownie taste that's inappropriate in a table wine.
Classic, rich and supple; this tastes like a far more expensive wine. It has a European polish, mixing plum, berry and cherry fruit with darker streaks of tar, coffee and smoke. The 13.5% alcohol is perfectly ripe and stylish, and the wine has good length, precision and complexity.
Nearly opaque in darkness, this extremely rare wine grape, originally from Italy's Alto Adige, delivers aromas of charred and juicy roasted game, blackberry-mint syrup and balsamic figs. It's not quite so showy on the palate at first, but then a violety, blueberry and rose petal character emerges, along with Earl Grey tea elements and a decently grippy tannic structure. It's quite intriguing.
Polished and linear, it opens with aromas of stone fruit and aromatic herbs. These carry over to the palate along with creamy white peach, honeydew melon, citrus, saline and mineral. Crisp acidity balances this out and gives it a refreshing finish. George Wines, Zancanella.
Savory spice, saffron and smoke tones permeate this spry, delicate Riesling. It's a bit frail on the palate, and clearly showing its maturity, but seductive. Overall, it's a well-priced example of older Riesling that should be enjoyed now.
Savory aromas of turned earth and roasted plum and berry are subtle and appealing. This dark-colored wine is thick and grabby on the palate, with roasted, earthy flavors of loam, toast and blackberry. The finish is long but comes with some heat. Drink this big-boned Toro now through 2017.
This is one of those complex blends that are a specialty of Tejo. The result is bright and fruity with just enough tannins from the Touriga Nacional to give structure to the bold Alicante Bouschet. Drink now.
Notes of orange peel lend interest to this copper-glinting, citrussy fizz. The bubbles are fine and persistent, and there is both a yeasty backdrop and some earthiness. An interesting, softly pink number that will come into its own with a selection of canapés.
The aromas are all high toned, with notes of baking spice, green herb, berry and wood spice. The palate is on the lighter side of medium bodied, with appealing well-balanced flavors.
Mineral-driven and hard on the nose, this features toasty, smoky, chocolaty notes in addition to medicinal berry aromas. It feels juicy but also resiny and creamy, with plum and wood flavors that finish long. This is a ripe, fruity wine with plenty of oak, size and body.
You'll get tons of upfront cherry, blackberry and jammy black raspberry fruit in this simple, likeable wine. It's dry, with a nice bite of tannins and good balancing acidity.
Even in the best of vintages it's hard to get Merlot to ripen in Santa Barbara unless it's grown well inland. This one does its best, with modest aromas of black-cherry fruit accentuated by oak, but there's a green weediness throughout that age will not soften. That said, it's dry and well made, and complex enough to be a nice by-the-glass wine if the price is kept down. 1,450 cases produced.
At 600-feet in elevation, this is the site that's behind a wine of structure and considerable power. A thick rich layering of currant and blackberry is soft with a tannic backbone. Clove and tobacco contribute secondary aspects of complexity.
This Prosecco delivers medium intensity and a compact, slightly watery mouthfeel followed by lime, kiwi, white flower, honey and chopped basil. The cheerful sparkler ends with creamy consistency thanks to the foamy quality of its effervescence.
Lavish fruit and extravagant spicy oak flavors balance each other well in this big, showy, dark and tannic wine. The color is black almost to the rim, and it has plenty of body, thick tannins and concentrated boysenberry flavors. Best now through 2019.
The fruit in this soft wine is ripe and creamy. Green and white fruits give a balanced blend of fresh acidity and smooth texture. It is rich, generous and will be ready to drink from 2016.
A fresh, blossomy perfume persists throughout many of Heron Hill's Rieslings, but this one is comparatively green and herbal in tone. Refreshing and dry, it's marked by lime and sage notes that inlay a zesty finish.
Soft, simple and a little sweet, with candied pineapple, lemon and lime flavors touched with butterscotchy, vanilla oak.
Relatively affordable for its appellation and variety, this wine offers classic notes of cassis, currant and clove, punctuated by eccentric bursts of gun powder and espresso. The devilish characteristics are complemented by a smooth, silkiness to the texture and a measured finish of black pepper.
This wine offers billowy, bittersweet tannin and a flirtation of gunpowder, highlighted by a ripe, full-bodied midsection of black currant and tobacco leaf. It's well-balanced and flavorful, with a lingering finish.
Pretty coffee and tobacco aromas add weight and persistency to this garnet colored Brunello. There's fruit here in the form of cherry, pomegranate and dried raspberry but those savory notes at the back really add to the wine's overall complexity.
Aromas of wild flowers, wisteria and a hint of peach lead the way on this creamy sparkler. The rich, vibrant palate doles out white peach, yellow pear and green apple framed in bright acidity and a frothy mousse. A note of candied nectarine zest signals the close.
Crisp, minerally cherry aromas come with a complex note of desert herbs. This feels totally fresh and full, basically just right. Nicely oaked, ripe flavors of plum and berry fruits are chocolaty, dry and spicy on the finish.
This is an interesting wine that shows the creamy pineapple and vanilla flavors of Chardonnay, yet with rich, more exotic notes of cashew nuts, yellow apricots and marzipan. It's full-bodied and almost sweet, yet complex enough for a fine dinner.
A big, potent and concentrated mountain wine, coming from this fine vineyard that straddles the Atlas Peak appellation. The wine is dry but enormously rich in blackberry and blueberry fruit flavors, with spicy, meaty notes of bacon. Impressive for sheer volume, it should develop cellar nuances over the next six years.
A white wine made using red grapes (Nero d'Avola), this delivers a pungent bouquet, accented by honey and wild flower notes. It shows a soft stone-fruit flavor on the finish, with a bit of heft and power.
This is rich with sweet jasmine, dried apricot and honey. Plenty layered on the palate but tempered by a core of acidity, it's more sweet than dry. The blend is 39% Chardonnay, 35% Pinot Noir, 25% Muscat (which explains the hay yellow color) and 1% Pinot Meunier.
A light Pinot Noir, dry and acidic, with cherry, red licorice and sandalwood flavors. Pretty good for the price.
Here's a powerful and loaded wine made from the Mantonico grape that features intense aromas of apricot, honey and almond. The palate shows a creamy texture and a spicy finish.
This wine's back label talks a big game: “If you can find a bigger wine, buy it!” At 16.5% alcohol, it's a big wine that wears its size well (but you don't have to go far to find a bigger wine—Warrabilla's Paola's bottling is a percent higher in alcohol). Medium-sized and flavorful, with dense purple fruit and soft tannins, this wine is moderate, not superrich, and best that way.
Considering the almost perfect conditions of 2005, this is certainly better than previous vintages of Clarendelle, the branded wine from Château Haut-Brion. But it still has an awkward stalky edge to it, which cuts through the otherwise rich, velvet texture, leaving bitterness.
With no vintage or appellation other than Italy, this cheerful blend of Primitivo, Montepulciano, Nero d'Avola and Merlot represents a blend that's sourced from sites across southern Italy. The nose shows jammy raspberry aromas while the close is soft and chewy.
There is not a lot of differentiation between the winery's Dry Riesling and this one, which is listed as 10.5g/L residual sugar—barely off dry. Still, that hint of sweetness rounds it out a bit and cuts down the intense acidity. It's a big bowl of peaches and pears, with scents and streaks of lemon tea following through.
Chuck Reininger sources the fruit for this wine from what is arguably the best site in the Walla Walla Valley. The wine does not shy away from the herbal aspect for which Carmenère is known, but the stemminess is mitigated thanks to the influence of new French oak. A cherry candy note consolidates the flavors on the medium-long finish.
This big and brooding wine offers intense aromas of black fruits, raisins, vanilla and toast. The palate presents ripe blackberry, white pepper, prune and licorice flavors. Pair it with seasoned cheeses or mushroom risotto.
Leather, damp soil and burned rubber aromas pointed tasters in the direction that the palate flavors would take: equally dark blackberry, burned toast and sour cherry. Finishes tart, with faint black-tea flavors.
This blend is very light in color and similarly shy on the nose, where it takes coaxing to find some citrus fruits and dried spices. Tastes like mixed citrus, but folds in a dash of cherry juice as well
This is a rich fruitcake-flavored wine, with pure fresh fruits over layers of tannins. It is delicious and ready to drink, packed with fruit and tannins.
Because it is planted in clay and limestone soil, this wine is inevitably dominated by Merlot. The wood-aging flavor shows strongly with spice and toast while the fruit is just beginning to hint at a black-currant future. It is rich and full, needing time. Drink from 2022.
Now part of the Ascentia portfolio, Columbia seems to be righting itself. This fresh and creamy Chardonnay will do nicely with a wide variety of pastas and poultry dishes. The fruit is a lacy mix of stone fruits and light tropical; with a streak of vanilla running through the finish.
Warm and ripe, this is a delicious, structured wine from a blend of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot from Stéphane Dupuch. It has fine tannins that give a spicy character aided by 14 months in French oak as well as bold black fruits that are developing well. The acidity at the end adds the freshness. Drink from 2019.
From the intensely steep Monts Damnés vineyard, this wine is rich and full of ripe tropical and citrus fruits, with a tight line in steely minerality. It's still too structured and firm, so drink from 2016.
Though  the wine has aromas of roasted meat, dark berry, and clove, it lacks weight on the palate. Oak flavors overpower the fading berry fruit flavors. Drink up. Imported by Southern Starz,
It's not easy assessing this blend of Monastrell and Petit Verdot from a warm vintage. It's fiery and almost citric on the nose, while the palate is ripe as can be, with spicecake and blackberry syrup flavors. It's not missing any potency or ripeness, but the longer you work with it the larger and more medicinal it gets. Think big Zinfandel from California when you take this on.
Hailing from the oldest vines on the Castello Nipozzano estate, this offers enticing aromas of fragrant violet, iris, perfumed berry, aromatic herb and baking spice. Made with Sangiovese and small percentages of Malvasia Nera, Colorino and Canaiolo, the silky, linear palate offers wild cherry, crushed raspberry, clove and a hint of licorice framed in smooth tannins and fresh acidity.
This is a fruity wine, full of red-berry flavors and with some smoky tannins in the background. It is balanced between the wood aging and the berry and red-cherry fruitiness. Drink from 2017.
This Merlot-Cabernet Sauvignon blend is all fruit, black currants with fresh acidity. The tannins are still young and firm, and need to soften. Fresh and fruity, the wine will develop quickly and can be drunk from late 2016.
This Sauvignon Blanc is totally herbaceous and much too young to drink. Fruity, packed with citrus and with a floral aroma, it's juicy, crisp and needs until 2016 to calm down and round out.
Very classic Bordeaux in the best sense. This shows a structure and tannic content that keeps well in balance with the black currant fruits. With its dry core, it promises well as a food wine, cutting through red meats with ease.
This is a delicious rendition of the annual Claret blend. It includes all five Bordeaux grapes, and displays a generous burst of berries and cherries, followed with a swish of chocolate. The wine delivers the goods, mixing in darker fruits, coffee and licorice streaks, winding into a lightly herbal, tannic finish.
Crisp and fruity, this is a wine full of red currant and blackberry flavors. It does have a tannic structure that will allow the wine to develop along with the acidity. In the family for three-generations, the estate is now run by Denis Hazane. Drink from 2018.
Underbrush, grilled porcini, red berry and grilled herb aromas lead the way. The bracing palate offers dried wild cherry, clove, cinnamon and powdered sage alongside astringent tannins. Drink after 2018.
This still immature Pinot has tobacco-infused cherry, cola and pomegranate flavors that are liberally oaked and spiced. It's O.K. to drink immediately if you like freshness and vibrancy, but aging it for six years or even longer could reward.
Dry and a bit rustic, this wine features earthy, cherry flavors and some gritty tannins. The cherries really show up on the finish. Try it with rich fare.
This 50-50 blend is easy and drinkable now, with a soft structure of delicate red fruit flavors, light tannins and moderate acidity. An herbal, almost leafy character adds depth to the bouquet. Drink now.
Mouthfilling, with plump citrus flavors. The body is sort of oily and round, but there isn't much cutting edge to speak of. Finishes a bit melony and soft. Imported by Portet Wine Selections.
This Bordeaux-style blend is nothing like anything from Napa Valley. It's more acidic and tighter, with rustically old-fashioned tannins. Yet the blackberry, cherry, plum and raisin flavors are thoroughly modern. Pleasant now, and should hold for a few years.
Fruit-forward and simple, with the sugared taste of black cherry jam. Very high alcohol shows up in the form of jalapeño pepper heat.
Montecillo's first effort with Albariño is perfectly crisp and pleasant. The nose offers pure citrus and tropical fruit, the feel is even and balanced, and the flavors are dry and veer toward apple and green melon. Long on the finish and nicely integrated; one of the best under-$15 Albariños going. Imported by Underdog Wine Merchants.
Dense and concentrated, this is a modern and flavorful Brunello that delivers vinous and fruity aromas such as cherry, plum and even apricot. Lush and meaty with espresso bean, mushroom and exotic spice. Scores sky high on the power meter. Imported by Opici Import Company.
Candied on one hand but also gassy, barnyardy and less than clean and pure on the other. A basic mouthfeel is probably the high point, while flavors of underdeveloped berry fruit are more salty and leathery than anything. Fails to impress.
An austere Viognier with diesel and graphite aromas that delve into more pleasing apricot midpalate, then drops off a bit on the finish.
This is one of the youngest vintages on the market currently, and it tastes like it. It is fresh and fruity, but isn't balanced yet between the sweetness of the dosage and the fruit and acidity of the Champagne. This could change, but it would certainly need four or five years' aging.
Rich and ripe, this has a plushness of red currant and cassis counterbalanced by blackberry on the underbelly. A well-hewn texture leans leathery, with seasonings of black pepper giving it a piquant and lengthy finish.
Touches of earth, new leather and sweet vermouth fill the aromas and flavors of this edgy but very enjoyable wine. It has a seeming-sweet blend of maraschino cherries, baking spices and spicy, barnyard accents.
Red berry and mild matchstick aromas augment the resiny oak scents from being barrel fermentation. It's juicy, fresh and healthy in the mouth, with a mix of red fruit and stone fruit flavors and a finish that's mild, consistent and long.
Something about this wine always triggers the same response: we've rated 88 points for several vintages running. This version smells a touch reduced and rubbery, with a jammy, granular bouquet. The palate is big yet a touch mushy, with intense berry and chocolate flavors. Finishes sweet, with mocha and coffee.
This wine has gorgeous, obvious cedar and toasted-bread aromas. Oozing with fruit and oak richness, it tastes like blueberry syrup and cocoa. Very full bodied, it wallops the taste buds, weaves around the mouth and lingers on the finish.
Nearly equal parts Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and Merlot, this wine is perfumed in lavender and awash in juicy red cassis. The acidity is medium to high, while the tannins are rough and chewy, suggesting the need for assimilation time.
This wine is a blend of Cabernet Franc (56%), Merlot (38%) and Cabernet Sauvignon. Earth, bittersweet chocolate, green herb and floral aromas lead to palate-coating, pillowy fruit flavors that display a beautiful sense of balance along with a lengthy finish.
After a number of years of experimenting with Cab from cooler Casablanca, Veramonte has turned to warmer Maipo for this nicely made wine that offers red licorice and cinnamon aromas in front of bright cassis and raspberry flavors. Shows purity, spice and character.
Fermented in stainless steel, this medium-bodied wine is supple in nutty pear and fig, as well as viscous in honey. Serve chilled with chicken-lemongrass banh mi.
Made from mostly Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon, this is a compelling wine to drink now. It exudes concentrated flavors of raspberry and cherry that taste like they have been baked in pie crust and sprinkled with baking spice. Notes of bacon, licorice and sandalwood add further complexity. The structure is superb, with citrusy acids and supple tannins. All profits from the sale of this wine go to Jonata's vineyard crew.
Citrus and pear on the nose and palate comprise this friendly Riesling. It's spicy with a combination of pear, lemon and apple on the palate. Simple but food-friendly. Pair with creamy cheeses or Asian dishes.
A very rich Cabernet, with blackberry, cassis and coffee flavors streaked through with vanilla and smoky oak notes. Dry with fairly thick tannins, this wine is just what you want with broiled steak or lamb chops.
This wood-aged, fortified Moscatel has retained its fruitiness while also showing older, wood and toast flavors. Perfumed and fragrant, with integrated acidity, enjoy this offering soon.
This attractive, fruity wine comes from vineyards in the Douro Superior region close to Spain. It is a fresh wine with red berry fruit flavors and bright acidity. It is still young although the fruitiness is enough to give a bright wine that is ready to drink now.
Based on Sangiovese, this super Tuscan wine offers lots to like. It's absolutely dry and very soft, with cherry, tobacco and currant flavors that swirl together into a clean finish complexed with dusty tannins.
The organic wine has tight tannins and acidity. The structure is balanced by red-currant fruit flavors. The wine is vinified under the direction of Michel Rolland and one of several family wineries under Bacchus Investments. Drink from 2018.
Ripe and full-bodied in pineapple, lemon, pear and green apple flavors, this Chardonnay also shows a good coating of oak, as well as a blast of acidity. It's not terribly complicated, but clean and brisk, and the price isn't bad.
Eola-Amity Hills has a distinctive “voice” in the newly-defined Willamette Valley AVAs. It brings in earth and herb in a round and integrated style, not abrasive or stemmy, but adding Burgundy-like notes to the essential Pinot Noir character. The fruit is light and mixes cherry and citrus, and the tannins are proportionate and supple.
The wine has power, structure and density. Hard initial tannins show that it needs to age, but the black fruits come through richly as it opens up. The strong mineral character gives a firm texture to the wine. Drink from 2017.
Another success for Talley from this vineyard, especially given the challenges of the chilly vintage. It shows ripe tropical fruit, spice and vanilla flavors, with a creamy texture. At its best now, it will pair nicely with lobsters, scallops or crabs.
Despite the high (15.4%) alcohol, this sleek and textural Merlot manages to seem elegant. It neatly laces together a rich range of black fruits, annotated with black olive, smoke and earth. Astringent and polished tannins complete a sexy, seductive bottle.
Although it's forward in cherry, raspberry, cola and spice flavors, it's a balanced, polished wine, with nice coastal acidity and a touch of tannins. Drink now.
This gorgeous, fragrant wine opens with classic Sangiovese scents of violet, rose, perfumed red berry, new leather and a whiff of baking spice. The elegant, radiant palate delivers crushed Marasca cherry, ripe strawberry, cinnamon, black tea and a hint of pipe tobacco. Firm, ultrafine tannins and bright acidity offer an age-worthy structure and impeccable balance. It's already stunning but will evolve for decades. Drink 2020–2050.
From a vineyard perched above the coastal town of Carpinteria comes this rich and spicy wine, with aromas of red currant, elderberry, crushed thyme, ginger and rose petals. The spicy character carries to the distinctive palate, where rosemary, thyme and lamb-meat savoriness meets with enough red cherry fruit to stay rich.
Oily, stalky, bready aromas are a bit tired. This has a chunky feel offset by citric acidity. Briny, salty flavors of citrus fruits and lees are lasting. For varietal Tempranillo Blanco, this isn't bad.
This light wine has vanilla flavors from wood aging, fresh red fruits and soft tannins. Acidity gives wine poise and an elegant touch. Drink from 2015.
It starts with aromas of yellow flower and a hint of exotic fruit. The fruity palate offers sweet peach, banana and a hint of bitter almond. Pair this with light first courses like pasta topped with vegetables.
Fresh, brilliant and crisp, this is a wonderful wine to pair with seafood or tuna salad. Vermentino delivers green aromas of lime, kiwi and cut grass backed by creamy peach and a touch of bitter almond.
Honeyed peach and rose petal notes dominate nose and palate. The rose perfume seems even more amplified on the rounded, off-dry and generous palate. Drink this while aromas are at their very peak.
This wine has aromas of freshly mowed grass, peaches and white flowers. It is slightly sweet with flavors of canned peach, white peach juice and apricot nectar.
Always one of Argentina's best and more fuller-bodied Torrontés. It's tropical and easy on the nose, with fleshy roundness and chunky flavors of melon and peach. Full in style, with some extra weight to the finish. Best to drink this as soon as you can, while it's fresh and lively.
Aromas of freshly cut pear, apple and almond butter mix with assorted spices. The flavors are elegant in style, pulling up toward the finish. It provides easy drinking enjoyment.
A standout among an excellent lineup of 2014 grosses gewächs from Reichsgraf von Kesselstatt, this gorgeously textured wine is as light as a feather, yet with a distinctly luscious cling. Dry but pentratingly fruity, it contrasts ripe peach and grapefruit flavors against laser-sharp edges of acidity and minerality. Drinks beautifully now but should continue to please well into the next decade.
A very shy nose just releases the most teasing hint of peach. The palate is utterly restrained: peach flavors are dry and brightened by lemon and have a wonderful lightness of touch. The finish is dry, clean and long. A very refreshing and clean-cut take on Gewurztraminer.
This Riesling is distinctly off-dry. It's rich with sugary orange and lime jam, white flower and mineral flavors, with the brisk acidity associated with the Arroyo Seco region. Easy to drink now.
A mix of fresh citrus and toasty wood work well together in this elegant wine. The texture is soft, rounded, finishing with a great dash of lime. This is sophisticated white Burgundy.
Strong char, toast and barrel aromas are at the fore, getting way out in front of the fruit. The fruit flavors are tart and considerably more elegant than the aromas might suggest. There seems to be a bit of disconnect between the two.
Clean and full for starters, with big berry aromas and hints of freshly poured tar as well as minerality. The palate is pure and hits the nail on the head in terms of feel. Flavors of blackberry and plum are dark and generous. Finishes with pepper, espresso and chocolate. Very good wine for the price.
Lovely lilac florals on the nose along with ripe raspberry and honeydew. Round palate with flavors of cherry and mango lifted by bright pineapple core acidity. Quite the lengthy finish for a rosé. Delicious; a steal for $10.
Full, ripe and lusty, this has notes of licorice and grit on the bouquet. It feels fresh and lively, with enough richness and weight for balance. It tastes of balsamic-infused berry and spice, with an integrated herb note peeking through.
This is heady but flat on the nose, with soft, oak-driven aromas of baked apple and toffee. It feels plump yet alive due to good acidity, while the flavor profile is steered by the barrel, leaving notes of toasty apple and walnut. A good wine but one that really piles on the oak and resin.
Pear and white flower aromas are light, while the palate is full of sweet brown sugar and honey flavors that persist on the finish. It's sweet, but well balanced, with ample acidity and a clean finish.
This wine comes from the Nussberg vineyards close to the Vienna woods. It is aromatic, spicy and richly textured. The wine has warmth as well as crisp acidity and green-fruit flavors. Give it a year to mature. Screwcap.
Cool, earthy, foresty aromas dance with sweet berry and spice scents to form a superb nose. This offers an exemplary mix of weight and acidity, while lively berry flavors are meaty, complex and show mild herbal notes, peppery spice and juicy length on the finish. Definitely one of Chile's best Syrahs. Drink through 2019.
Though it's brisk and lightweight, the fresh green apple and white peach flavors are attractive and clean, marrying seamlessly with the mouthwatering acidity and orange blossom finish. Perfect for enjoying now.
Originally planted by monks in the 12th century, this vineyard has produced an intensely herbaceous wine. Steely and crisp with grapefruit and gooseberry flavors, the wine's texture brings out the chalky soil. Still young, it will be better from 2018.
Round and fruity, with a tasty mix of apples, peaches and citrus, this tastes like fruit, not barrel, and would be an excellent choice if a hearty, non-oaky white wine is called for. There's good balance and length, with a resonant hint of minerality in the finish.
This lightly sweet wine has an intense oaky, peppery, smoky aroma and the flavors come out the same way. The beefy, liquid-smoke character should match ribs in barbecue sauce.
Now definitely mature, even drying up, this wine needs to be drunk now. It has developed a dry, tannic character, woody and stalky, although its balance is still there and the aftertaste has some juiciness.
The Gros Manseng, one of Gascony's two star white grapes (along with Petit Manseng), gives richness and delicious apricot flavors to this full and rounded wine. The acidity comes with the crisp, fruity Sauvignon Blanc. To drink now and until 2014.
Sugary, with a chemical aroma and a sharp, volatile finish.
Expansive and generous on the nose, this has all the bold berry aromas for which Ribera del Duero is known. It feels tight as a drum, with staunch acidity. Flavors of dark fruit and chocolate are typical for a small-production—150 cases—modern wine. It's tight, spicy and integrated on the finish, with a lasting note of lemony oak. Best 2014–2018.
An earthy style of Merlot, with herb, tobacco and mint flavors bracketing the cherries and cola. It's a dry, brisk wine, with firm tannins to drink now.
Still a dark wine, with a little bricking. Minty on the nose, which also hints at leather and vanilla. Brown sugar, leather and meat flavors seem mature, carried along on a creamy-syrupy mouthfeel. Turns a bit drying on the finish. Probably time to drink up. Note: This was bottled under the Orlando label, but we've cataloged it as Jacob's Creek so that all of the vintages of the wine will be under the same lookup. Not imported.
With mouthwatering crispness and a pleasantly bitter, minerally tone, this fine, dry white wine is versatile at the table. It has savory flavors of citrus fruits, honeysuckle flowers and white pepper.
Open this wine and you'll feel as though you've stepped into an Italian deli—so finely has it captured the smell of cured meats. The back layers feature cherry and herb, the finish a burst of roasted, toasted oak. This is a great wine to pair with a range of Italian-inspired meals.
New oak aromas are strong at first but will surely integrate with time. Background perfumes include vanilla bean, spice, chocolate and dried currant berry. This well-priced ripasso offers pleasant cherry flavors that will pair easily with most meat or pasta dishes. Imported by Prestige Wine Imports Corp.
90-92 Barrel sample. Dry, intense tannins dominate this wine. The fruit is going to come through later, but together the two will give it a powerful, heavy structure .
Amarone Costasera is the perfect choice for those who are not already familiar with this unique category of Italian wine. The wine is extremely balanced and well integrated with elegant tones of ripe berry fruit and spice. It also promises to pair with beef, lamb or pork.
Named after Léonie Duchêne, one of the founders of the house in 1868, this pale-colored rosé is well balanced with a touch of almonds as well as red-berry fruit flavors. There is an attractive crispness to it and a mineral edge that gives the wine structure. Drink now.
Fairly pungent and different; this is no walk in the flower garden. The nose is green and carries a strong whiff of grass and/or alfalfa. In the mouth, it offers solid melon, nectarine and mango. Better in the mouth than on the nose; it has a pleasantness and open-fruit quality that scores it some points. Imported by Winemonger.com.
A earthy element creeps into the peach notes on the nose. The medium-sweet palate comes in with refreshing phenolic zestiness. The flavors are full and bright, with just a hint of spice. Drink soon.
Aromas of apple, exotic fruit and Mediterranean scrub lead the nose while the fresh, savory palate shows juicy white peach, mint and citrus zest. It has lovely balance, structure and finesse.
The producer describes this as a Super Tuscan blend and it is based on 93% Sangiovese, with smaller amounts of Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon. The combination is tight, sour and thin, lacking in fruit.
Peaches and honeysuckle seem to perfume this lavish, aromatic semi-sweet Riesling. The palate is lush with sweet yellow cherries and peaches, yet balanced by sunny lemon acidity and a crush of minerals that linger on the finish.
This wine blends multiple clones of Pinot Noir from two of the winery's vineyards, Camp Meeting Ridge and Sea View Ridge. Both sites are high elevation, located only a few miles from the Pacific Ocean and extremely low in yields. Flowers negotiated a difficult vintage deftly with this low-alcohol wine of unusual delicacy and charm. It's complex and layered with cherry, raspberry, cola, wild thyme, balsam and sandalwood flavors. It's texture is like pure silk in the mouth. Drink now–2017.
From the esteemed Pinot, Pinotage and Chardonnay producer Hamilton Russell, this vibrant SB starts with gooseberry, fresh-cut herbs and spicy pepper on the nose, and on the palate, citrus. Gooseberry and lemon peel. Has a richer character than many South African SB's. Complex and unfolding.
This is the kind of Zinfandel sometimes describe as claret-like, which is a great compliment. It's dry, smoothly tannic and complex, with berry, currant, dark chocolate, herb, spice, mineral and sandalwood flavors. Feels really fine all the way through, a wine to savor as it changes in the glass. Great value for the price.
A dark, firmly textured wine, its fruit wrapped in dark tannins. There is a strong perfumed character and the spicy damson juice is ripe. A wine with power, density and also acidity.
Smells like a dog badly in need of a bath, and alongside those funky aromas there's berry fruit and bubblegum. The palate is forceful and sort of heavy and tannic, with herbal, semitart plum flavors. Bright and lively, but unsophisticated, with poor aromas.
Good news for the growing legion of admirers of this young winery—production of the Gravura has more than doubled in this vintage. It's a classy, sophisticated wine with a clear target—the style of wine made in the Graves region of Bordeaux. Done with native ferment (no inoculation), the overall harmony of tart berry/cassis fruit, minerals, bright acidity and bourbon barrel highlights is exceptional.
Brambly berries, plum and sweet-spice aromas lead on the bouquet of this wine, with secondary hints of tree bark and licorice root. The palate turns to dark fruit notes of black cherry and boysenberry, accented by glimmers of sweet smoke and cocoa. Creamy and lush in the mouth with a texture like crushed velvet and an enduring finish. Drink now–2015.
Grass, wet concrete, bitter orange rinds, wet hay and rosemary elements show on the nose of this single vineyard bottling. There is a firm, cement-like texture to the sip, much like licking rocks, with fresh lime peel flavors. It retains freshness days after opening.
Soft in classic layers of cinnamon and clove, this wine is almost entirely Cabernet Sauvignon, with a wealth of black plum and blackberry constituting its inner soul. The finish lingers in black pepper and more of that opening spice.
The F5 bottling is proving to be a good one for Cuvaison. While the '06 doesn't have the structural complexity of the '05, it's a very fine Pinot Noir. With a silky texture and a furry edge of fine tannins, its cherry, black raspberry, red currant, mocha and spice flavors are complex and pleasing. Best now through 2012.
With short wood aging, the wine has preserved its primary attractive blackberry juice flavor. It is solid and chunky, while keeping freshness. For drinking now.
This blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and Merlot starts off a bit murky and brooding but then displays raspberry and plum fruit, and some big-time heft. A tad oaky and simple, but with grilled meats it should more than do the trick. If you like 'em big and a touch funky, get tattooed.
With its juicy, strawberry-like acidity, smoky character and firm tannins, this is already well developed and delicious. The finish brings out crispness and fragrance.
A dynamite Malbec with heavy oak and the structure and foundation to match it. Lemon, hickory, leather, marzipan and black fruit aromas are powerful. In the mouth, tannins and extract create a vise grip to frame concentrated blackberry, coconut, pepper and lemon peel flavors. Layered and woody on the finish. Drink from 2012 through 2016.
Plummy aromas, black-cherry and oak, and accents of vanilla and cream. It's tight now, fairly begging for time to unfold. Presently the cherry core borders on tart. With time it should soften.
Pure and fruity, this medium-bodied wine is supersmooth in texture, quietly flavorful and well balanced. The light acidity and mild tannins are well integrated and support delicious black-cherry and blueberry flavors perfectly.
This is a bold ripe wine that is dominated by firm while juicy Tannat. Named after the characteristic black berets worn by the menfolk of Gascony, the wine is powerful and dense with black fruits and balanced acidity. Drink this already enjoyable wine now, or better from 2018.
Dark and earthy, with modest plum fruit framed by ample vanilla. The wood tannins come on strong on the tart finish, but don't hold onto it expecting positive evolution; pair it with foods that will work with the astringency, like rare steak or burgers off the grill.
The Cabernet is stiffened up with small amounts of Petit Verdot, Cab Franc and Malbec, resulting in a firm, herbal, but very well-balanced Bordeaux-style blend. There's compact cassis fruit, streaked with light stem, earth and herb. This is a wine that should improve with bottle age through 2019.
One of a quintet of estate reserves, this stands out for its delicious mix of chocolate (barrel) and savory highlights. Purple brambly fruits abound, with streaks of coffee and brown spices. It's full flavored and drinking nicely already, with another six to eight years of solid drinking time ahead. Note: first bottle was corked.
Soft spice tones come into focus with ripe berry flavors, cherry preserves, dried prunes and figs. The wine also offers generous aromas of maple syrup, Spanish cedar and pipe tobacco, with lingering tones of root beer and cola. Pair this Valpolicella with honey-roasted ham and cloves. —M.L.
This wine delivers all you could want from a Southern Rhône white, from its ample weight in the mouth to its deft combination of melon, citrus and wet stone. Finishes long and mouthwatering. Drink over the next 6–9 months.
There's a very likable umami character to the nose of this wine, its soy and black pepper touches playing well with the lilac and dark fruit aromas. A blend of 43% Cabernet Sauvignon, 33% Petit Verdot, 17% Malbec, 6% Cabernet Franc and 1% Merlot, it offers bright blackberry and black cherry flavors on the palate, which transition to soy and sarsaparilla notes on the finish.
Hogue's low-cost red is a roughly 50/50 blend, with surprising ripeness and sweetness for a wine in this price range. There's just a bit of the bell pepper quality of inexpensive Washington Cabernet, but not enough to be off-putting. The wine is reasonably ripe, full and well-balanced, with fruit, acids and tannins in equal proportion.
Subdued aromas of menthol, dark spice and a whiff of leather lead the nose while the full-bodied palate offers mature black cherry, star anise and clove. Tightly wound tannins give a solid finish.
There is a definite Volnay lushness here, despite severe tannins. The sweet acidity boosts the black currant flavors, while the dry edge gives a square structure. The final effect is of a rich, ripe wine.
Made primarily from Sangiovese, with some Malvasia and other white grapes, this offers aromas of red berry and a yeasty whiff of bread dough. The bright, enjoyable palate offers ripe cherry and hint of pastry cream while a note of honeydew melon marks the close.
The Tanager ranks among the top three wines from Ken Wright in a superb lineup. A rich mix of Asian spices coat a sensuous wine with a rich core of ripe black cherry fruit. Seams of cola and sassafras run through the palate, and on into a lengthy and utterly delicious finish. Cellar this if you can keep your hands off it!
A zesty, citric crispness balances with a soothing element of soft apple character. Fermented in stainless steel, it has a smooth texture and ripe fruit flavors. Balanced and approachable; drink now.
A lush mouthful of nuanced fruit, this single-vineyard Viognier is loaded with a rich mix of peach, apricot, papaya and guava fruit. Laced into the hefty fruit core are baking spices and cocoa powder, along with suggestions of curry and cumin. This wine should be mandatory with curry dishes.
A majority of Pinot Noir in this blend doesn't overshadow the Chardonnay's sentiments of baked apple, hazelnut and crème brûlée. Warm and savory, the mousse is also dry, crisp and buoyant, balanced and elegant in the end, making for a complete wine with a lengthy finish.
Made with organically grown grapes, this tawny-colored Chardonnay is ready to go. It shows well-evolved flavors of ripe apple and pear, with a cidery finish. Despite the Columbia Valley labeling, it is from Horse Heaven Hills.
Perfumed green fruits, a crisp texture and layers of tight acidity all point to a wine that is too young to drink. Its hints of ripe white fruits and tangy orange peel are still developing. Drink from 2017.
Formerly the JV bottling, this is a fresh and textural Pinot Noir, with flavors of raspberry and cola intermingled. The mouthfeel is lively and clean, and the finish lightly spiced with cinnamon highlights.
This is the winery's complement to the Grâce reserve, and the best of the new releases. Had I to choose, I'd give the nod to the Elégance. Pretty raspberry fruit is set against a strong streak of almond paste—marzipan. That almond pastry and sweet fruit carries cleanly into the finish.
The wine has a light color, with fresh acidity and lively touches of raspberries. It is a delicate, crisp wine to drink now.
The Mulderbosch Chardonnay is a lively, bright white with aromas of vanilla, spice and citrus, followed by tropical fruit, minerals and lemon on the palate. A combination of soft, elegant fruit and fresh acidity, the wine is both balanced and downright mouthwatering. Pair with lobster, Asian cuisine, creamy pastas.
There's diamond-like precision on the nose, with white peach, salinity and croissant aromas. The flavors are very even and still unraveling, with tight lemon, apple and salt on the front and pineapple emerging on the finish.
This young, fruit-driven sparkling red delivers the party in a bottle. Currants and black cherries abound, accented by touches of cigar box and vanilla, while the palate is ripe and creamy-textured. Drink now.
Here's a wine that brings to mind thoughts of easy backyard steaks. It's dry and rich in cherry, blackberry and blueberry fruit flavors, with thick, brisk tannins and a veneer of sweet oak.
Creamy in the nose, with a hint of vanilla and Bartlett pear. The palate isn't boring; there's cantaloupe and nutmeg nuances along with some papaya and banana. The weakness: The wine turns soft almost immediately upon pouring.
This is the first Tempranillo from Zefina (just 60 cases made) from vines planted at the Alder Ridge vineyard in 1999. It is soft, fruity and dark, with some pretty spice showing in the nose. There are attractive floral notes, sweet herbs and a mix of light red fruits to follow. The tannins are soft and the acids are well under control, leading into a lightly chocolaty finish.
A hearty blend of 76% Zinfandel and 24% Petite Sirah, this bottling packs a wallop of cinnamon-stick on the nose as well as strawberry puree, licorice and black pepper. Clove, allspice, and nutmeg arise immediately on the sip, backed by baked plum and bay leaf notes.
Showing the typical character of old vine Alexander Valley Zin, this bottling is rich and powerful in black currant, mocha, gingerbread, anise and vanilla spice flavors that are wrapped into sturdy tannins. It has a honeyed finish of cassis liqueur, and is best in its lusty youth.
This blends 55% Cabernet Sauvignon and 45% Syrah from estate-farmed vineyards, the result a mix of cured meat, charred oak and rich, dark cherry. Full bodied and concentrated, it offers structure amid the ripeness.
This is a stalky, black currant and spice flavored wine. It has relatively soft tannins while showing a meaty, juicy character. The wine is for medium-term aging, so drink from 2016.
Aromas recall coffee, toast and weedy underbrush. The lean palate offers licorice, espresso, black pepper and dried fruit flavors alongside clenched, aggressive tannins. While the tannins need to unwind, it lacks the fruit richness for lengthy aging. You'll also notice the heat of alcohol on the close.
Stalky aromas suggest corn and hayfield more than crisp fruit, and while the palate is lively and acidic, it's also kind of sour and lemony. Finishes with green apple and citrus. Jumpy and scouring.
Cinnamon and licorice gumdrop and sketchy cherry cough drop aromas make up the nose on this cloying Cab that also shows hard tannins. Baked berry and brown sugar flavors finish with little sizzle or balance.
Lifted pear-drop aromas are accompanied by the peppery green of watercress and arugula. The concentrated palate is grounded by earthy, savory yeast notes and framed by fresh lime peel. There is a dollop of riper pear fruit at the core, shining and shimmering with added charm.
Veins of smoke and wax seep through fresh apple, lemon and lime in this refreshingly spry Riesling. Medium-sweet in style, it balances crisp citrus flavors against a savory, earthier side of brambles and dried herb. The finish lingers moderately long.
This is a strange wine from Puglia, in Southern Italy, with drying aromas of crushed hazelnut and Graham cracker. You'll get peanut butter and almond cookies as well and the fruit aromas resemble prunes and raisins. The blend is 40% Uva di Troia, 40% Montepulciano and 20% Aglianico.
This is a vineyard selection from the winery's estate, and it's a nicely drinkable Sauvignon Blanc, showing how well the variety does in Lake County. Fresh and juicy, the pineapple and fig flavors finish with a honeyed richness.
Sweet oak and lightly tropical fruit flavors characterize this young, tight, full-bodied Chardonnay. With another year or two in bottle, the fruit should emerge from behind the new oak flavors and enhance the overall balance. In the meanwhile, decanting is a good idea.
An attractively balanced wine, with just a stalky layer, black currant jelly, some herbs as well as spice. The acidity shows through right at the end to give a lift to the firm tannins.
This new project focusing on specific blocks of the historic Cambria Vineyard on the Santa Maria Bench starts with very subtle and restrained aromas of nectarine, lemon cream and a hint of grapefruit pith. The palate is fresh with lime and toasted coconut flavors, held up by a backbone of strong acid that keeps it from spilling toward overripe qualities.
The nose is almost closed but the palate paints a subtle picture of toned-down intensity. A savory core is made mellow with lees and a slight oak influence that becomes more apparent on the finish. Fruit—pear and yellow plum—plays second fiddle to the yeasty midpalate.
A little green and minty, with some stalky flavors, but dry and vibrant in acidity. Offers good cherry and raspberry pie flavors that are wrapped into a silky texture, with beautiful tannins. Drink now.
Jammy, ripe blueberry and blackberry aromas belie a crisp, tight palate, with wild berry, licorice and peppery flavors. This is fresh, wiry, firmly structured and alert as well as comfortable and controlled. Think classic Priorat to drink through 2018.
This wine's clean lines of honey, chamomile, Gala apple and ripe Asian pear grow more tropical the longer it breathes. Its medley of flavors includes candied lemon, white peach syrup and melon, but a honey-laced chamomile tea note comes out strongest.
A simple Chardonnay, with pineapple, apple and mango fruit juice flavors, brightened with zesty acidity.
Grenache isn't as common in the Clare Valley as it is in Barossa or McLaren Vale, but Reilly's is a consistent source. The 2005 is dense and chocolaty, packed with plum flavors that are on the edge of prune and featuring a touch of warmth on the long, fudge-like finish. Drink now.
You can tell this is going to be a top-of-the-range wine by the heavy bottle. Named after the apple orchard that was the original vineyard of the producer, it is powerful and concentrated, with blackberry fruits and a solid, firm texture that will soften. Drink from 2018.
Vasse Felix's 2011 Chardonnay is full bodied and fleshy without going over the top. Toasty, grilled-bread notes mark the nose, while the palate unfurls into a mix of peach, melon and citrus flavors that finish clean and refreshing. Drink this well balanced wine over the next few years.
A rich, creamy wine, with wild strawberry flavors and rich fruit. It is full, but retains a good crisp edge.
This is a lovely, well-crafted wine from a fine site in the heart of the appellation, originally planted by Jim Barbour. It opens with richly inviting vanilla cream and clarified butter notes before soft tannin and subtle oak come into play. The fruit is lively, with strawberry and cherry flavors.
Aged for 18 months in wood, this impressive ripe wine is full of fruit and also a firm, smoky tannic structure. The partial fermentation in open stone tanks has given the wine an extra dimension of richness. This is a fine, concentrated wine that is now ready to drink.
Hints of saffron and pollen lend spice and earthiness to this spine tingling but juicy spätlese full of zesty tangerine, lime and yellow peach flavors. It's sheer and spry initially, but builds in fruity, mineral intensity through a long, lingering finish. Drink now through 2025.
This vintage has shaped a bold and powerful expression of Friulano with deeply etched aromas of stone fruit and apricot and thick density in the mouth. This is an extremely food-friendly wine that would work well with elaborate dishes that include cheese or cream.
This is a serious blend of Alfrocheiro, Syrah and Touriga Nacional from the Lagoalva estate. Spice and wood go with dark tannins and firm red fruits. It is still a young wine with fine potential. Drink from 2019.
Round and fruity with fully ripe, even sweet flavors of pear and honeydew melon. It's a little yeasty also, with a somewhat beery finish. But overall it's a fine bottle for simple sipping.
One of Faiveley's monopoles (wholly owned vineyards), Clos des Cortons makes powerful wines. That's the case in 2005. This wine towers up, a strong edifice of tannins and big, black fruits. It has all the right elements coming into place, along with weight and some elegance.
Grapefruit, lime and leesy aromas feed into a healthy palate with adequate acidity and raciness. Pithy, briny citrus flavors of lime and orange finish with notes of grapefruit and scallion. Drink now.
Dry red fruit and tomato notes define the nose on this light-colored Pinot. Flavors of earthy cherry and spice get buried under buttery oak, which carries through onto the finish.
Stainless steel-fermented and aged, this cloudy white offers a spritzy acidity and steely texture. Fig, flint, grass and lemon flavors highlight its light-bodied imprint.
It's rare that domestic Chardonnay is truly Chablis-like, but this delicately framed wine fits that description perfectly. Nuanced with mineral and spice notes, this has melon and apple flavors that seem to sail on a gentle sea breeze. It doesn't slam you with oak, instead it seduces with you style.
Preda is a difficult cru with white soils that rely on outstanding vintages (like 2004) for best results. Cascina Adelaide takes a bold approach with a darkly concentrated wine characterized by coffee, leather, espresso, vanilla, cherry and blackberry. It's supple with a powerful finish and is too young to drink now: try it after 2015.
This simple, easy-going Nero d'Avola opens with a slightly burnt or charred characteristic that recalls asphalt and rubber tire. Wait a few minutes for the red fruit and almond to come through.
Decisive notes of mineral and cherry cola distinguish this ruby-colored Brunello and give it an elegant, linear personality. The wine offers cool freshness and bright cherry nuances on the close.
This affordably priced bottling is quite solid for the cost, showing deep black cherry, blueberry, cedar shavings, tobacco leaf and ash, cocoa and slight bay leaf on the nose. Chalky tannins show first on the sip, and then unwind to offer blackberry fruit, woody pencil shavings and a decent density.
The estate, created at the beginning of the last century, has produced a soft wine that has generous tannins, black currant, and red fruits. The acidity and the spice both leave a perfumed aftertaste. Drink now.
Definitely wood-aged, this seriously toasty wine seems to have lost its fruit along the way. It gives a hard and tough character that is partly redeemed by juicy acidity at the end.
For a red from the heart of the white wine country of Entre-deux-Mers, this is powerfully dense. It boasts plenty of wood flavors to go with the black currant and dry tannins. But it also has an underlying richness and fine, firm structure. Hold for at least 5 years.
Fresh lemon flesh and an edge of white pepper play on the nose. The palate has the same spicy freshness; the body is slender, fresh, dry and light. Glimpses of spicy white pepper appear time and again amid ripe notions of yellow Mirabelle plum.
Wood resin, green melon and a slight whiff of gasoline comprise the nose on this fresh refined manzanilla. Spiced apple, sea salt and sautéed white mushroom flavors are lasting on a healthy semicomplex finish.
This Brunello shows nice balance and a very comfortable level of aromatic intensity that is playful and bright without going over the top. You'll recognize tones of sweet berry fruit, cinnamon, tobacco and even a touch of zesty ginger snap. The wine feels silky and firm with bright freshness on the close.
One of the best values in high-end Oregon Chardonnay, this new release packs a wallop. ?Although just 15% of the French oak was new, the wine is loaded with toasty, buttery scents and flavors. Let it breathe and the ripe fruit flavors zoom into focus—candied citrus, apricot and a bit of lemon meringue pie.
Tight red cherries, dried sweet sage, crushed graphite and a touch of smoke show on this clonal study by Richard Sanford and winemaker Nick De Luca. Snappy raspberry fruit meets with pencil lead on the fairly delicate palate, showing that is bound by a tart structure that will ensure long ageability.
Light plum and cherry flavors give a good first impression. The blend is not strictly traditional, with small doses of Syrah and Grenache in the mix. It fades quickly, and it shows some sourness on the finish.
Compressed and concentrated in juicy black fruit, this vineyard-designate is soft and powerful. Most of all it reveals a powerful ripeness of blueberry jam, washed down with coffee.
This spicy, apple-fresh wine has spice, crisp acidity and great fruitiness. It's a perfect apéritif style with its lightness and freshness. Drink now.
Hugely liquorous wine, full of honey, superripe fruit, yellow peach and apricot flavors, along with orange marmalade. This is big, very densely flavored, richly textured. It could certainly age for 5–10 years.
There is a strong showing of wood in this wine. Along with the ripe berry fruits and acidity, it shows good aging potential. Drink from 2016.
Robust and full-bodied, this wine shows Petite Sirah's black currant and pepper flavors in a softly tannic way that makes it fully drinkable now. It's great with barbecue and stews.
A fancy Pinot Noir from this coveted vineyard. The wine is very rich and slightly high in alcohol, offering deep flavors of oak-inspired raspberry jam, softened cola and bacon, brightened with crisp acidity and chewy in finely-ground tannins. Lovely to drink now, but try giving it 4–5 years for all the parts to knit together.
Very dry, delicately structured and crisp, with a mushroomy, leathery earthiness that adds extra layers to the cherry and cola flavors. A lovely, silky, complex Pinot that should hold well through 2010.
Very ripe, soft and fruity, basically a jammy bomb, with pepper-infused grilled blackberry, black cherry and mulberry flavors, complexed with interesting balsam, chocolate and molasses notes. The tannins are thick and decisive. Should have a smooth transition over the next six years.
A young, vigorous Pinot that should reward some time in the cellar. Right now, it's strong in acidity and fairly tannic despite the light texture. The flavors are interesting and complex, with not just ripe red cherries as well as all kinds of wild notes of herb tea, anise, grilled mushrooms, pine needles and persimmons. Drink this fascinating wine as it slowly changes over the next eight years.
A fresh and crisp, though unusual, wine. It has pleasing flavors yet tastes like it's made from flowers rather than fruit. There's jasmine, honeysuckle—you name it—on both the nose and the palate. Lean in the mouth, with a hint of apple skin toward the finish.
A little sweet for my taste, but the acidity is here for balance, the texture delicate and sensual, and the cherry, root beer and spicy flavors are quite tasty.
The beautiful estate of the Capitans of Juliénas has produced a smooth and rich wine. A good tannic structure partners with aromatic red cherry and berry fruits. Acidity is well in check, giving just the right freshness. Age the wine a bit more and drink from 2016.
Earthy, meaty berry aromas have a foresty overtone along with leafy, herbal notes. This is stocky on the palate, with good grip. Plum, mixed black fruits and peppery spice make up the flavor profile on this ripe Rioja that loses some snap and turns loamy on the finish.
This is friendly on the nose with a melon scent. It feels fresh and not too challenging on palate, with nectarine, peach and mango flavors. The finish isn't too firm, but it doesn't fall apart. A simple, sweet casual quaffer.
This is the top rosé from the estate, one of the Côtes de Provence crus classés. The wine is smooth and ripe, although it never loses a fresher edge crisp with lemon-zest flavors. The wine has intensity, concentration and a warm aftertaste.
A note of freshly squeezed lime juice is quite effusive on the nose, with understated hints of white strawberry and sugar cane adding interest. Citrusy acids keep the medium-bodied palate feeling racy and refreshing, with a note of passion fruit that surfaces on the midpalate.
Seriously structured, this is a powerful and tannic cru wine. It has a dry firm core that is guarding the blackberry and cherry fruits. As they develop, the wine will become riper and richer. Wait until 2019 to drink this long-term wine.
Closed and firm, this wine has considerable structure, tannic and steely together. It's a forbidding wine at this stage, although it will develop much greater fruitiness and freshness as it ages. Under the structure, the wine has apple skin, hints of apricots and green pear flavors. The end brings in spice from the wood aging. Drink from 2019.
Jammy and sweet up front, and almost like a fruit roll-up as far as aromatics go. The palate is chewy and sweet, with boysenberry and plum flavors. Pretty nice in terms of mouthfeel, and for the most part it's right there. This is ultimately a basic Tempranillo, just the right wine for everyday drinking.
Bernard Magrez's wine empire seems to have no limits, as he's recently expended into this relatively obscure little section of the Southern Rhône known for its white wines. This medium- to full-bodied blend of Grenache Blanc, Clairette, Viognier and Roussanne features modest pear and pineapple flavors and a refreshing zing of citrus zest on the finish. Drink now.
Under the same ownership as Château Roubine, this estate has old vines, some up to 60-years-old. The wine is rich and with concentration as well as a crisper edge. It is full of red-berry fruits, sharpened with red-currant acidity. This is a ripe wine that will be better from late 2017.
Light and clear in color, this wine veers into cool-climate, restrained territory in its well-defined lines of sage, dried herb and stemmy earth. Dry tannins give an oomph of power beneath traces of dried rose.
A majority of Cabernet Sauvignon drives this blend, with 34% Sangiovese and 12% Petite Sirah providing spice and substance. Black leather, chocolate and a distinct taste of baked strawberry provide flavor atop soft, full-bodied layers of high-octane intensity.
This blend, based on Cabernet, is soft in structure, with easily accessible blackberry jam, sugared herb tea, red licorice and oak flavors.
Bold and fruity, this is packed with cherries as well as acidity. A plum skin texture gives structure to this still closed-up wine. Wait until 2015.
Winemaker: Carl Schultz. This is one well-balanced Cab, aged for 19 months in 75% new and 25% second fill French oak. It's warm and spicy upfront, leading with pleasant aromas of brambly berry compote, cassis, licorice root, charred tree bark and a touch of chocolate brownie. The palate is soft and smooth on entry, with rich, concentrated black-fruit flavors, but structured tannins pick up and lend serious grip to the long, spicy finish. A wine that should continue to develop well, drink 2021–2025.
Very rich in tropical fruit, orange, apricot, lime, Asian pear and honey flavors, this tastes like an orchard in a glass. It's so powerful in fruity essence that it tastes sweet until the finish, which turns nicely dry and crisp in acidity. It defines Viogner's exotic, unctuous side. Nice now with today's modern Asian fusion fare.
Smooth and nicely balanced, this wine is all about its lovely fruit. The palate's plum fruit are dense and mouthfilling, and go the distance through the finish. Nose is deep with concentrated fruit, soil and eucalyptus notes. Drink after 2006.
This gorgeous 70-30 blend of Friulano and Ribolla Gialla is dense and well-concentrated with aromas of mature peach, apricot, honey, toasted almond and exotic fruit. The wine has a soft and supple feel in the mouth and ends with a hint of bitter almond on the close: It's complex and harmonious overall.
A lush Rhône-inspired blend, loaded with peach, pear and other stone-fruit goodness. It enters softly, fills out nicely, and finishes laced with streaks of lemon custard and vanilla cream.
Co-released with the 2007 Zin-Petite Sirah blend, this wine shows the same characteristics. It's dryish, tannic and rustic, with peppery flavors framing berries, currants and smoked meat. Give it a good decant before serving.
Aromatic and bracing, this is a fruity mix of lime, nectarine and pink grapefruit. Foris wines are notable for their freshness, purity of fruit and overall immaculate winemaking.
Hefty but kind of flat on the bouquet, with tomato and herb aromas. The palate has tannic bite and dark, candied flavors of sweet berry and burnt brown sugar. Finishes peppery, with a lingering candied, burnt sweetness.
A lacy spray of sweetness extends from start to finish on this fruity, fresh Kabinett. Fresh apple, pear and tangerine are honeyed and lip smacking, energized by a streak of lemonade acidity on the finish.
Full and fat, this wine has pleasant white-fruit flavors. It is fresh, but rather unfocused, with toast coming through the fruit to dominate the aftertaste.
This wine is just starting out, which explains the toast factor that currently dominates the nose and palate. As it opens, the opulent, ripe fruit from this great vineyard shows through in the form of powerful, and intense pineapple and apricot flavors that mingle in the tight texture. It will age for many years—start with at least six.
Fragrances recall acacia flower, chamomile, stone fruit and a whiff of dried hay. The savory palate offers intense white peach, Bartlett pear and yellow apple accented with mineral and almond notes alongside crisp acidity. It's well balanced with a long, lingering finish.
The scent of fresh Bosc pear peel also conveys a sense of texture. This is confirmed on the rounded, juicy and full-fruited palate that balances the generous ripe pear with ample, off-dry freshness. Drink soon for maximum enjoyment of fruit.
Classic varietal aromas of crushed tomato vine, grapefruit and a whiff of aromatic herb take center stage. The grapefruit note carries over to the medium-bodied palate along with honeydew melon and a hint of mineral.
This traditionally crafted Barolo has a balsamic fragrance of sage, leather and berry notes. The palate shows wild cherry and mint flavors, and bracing but ripe tannins. This is one to open soon or to enjoy over the next few years.
San Polo offers a very unique interpretation of the 2008 vintage. Rather than focus on bold cherry and leather aromas, this Brunello shows tones of peppermint, chopped herb, cola, ginger and forest berry. The mouthfeel is compact, tight and shows some astringency that will soften with time.
A perennial favorite due to its precise yet prickly nose of green melon, passion fruit, grapefruit and minerality. It's smooth yet cutting on the palate, with pithy lime, orange, passion fruit and lemon flavors. More refined than CDB's Gran Reserva, but generally speaking it's a similar wine.
Very light, actually nearly translucent. Aromatics of caramel and butter lead into a super-sweet palate with plenty of vanilla and caramel flavors. The texture is creamy and there's ample woody character along with toasted nuts on the finish. It's quite sweet, yet structured.
A pretty good red for those on a budget. The nose falls into the generic but pleasant raspberry and cherry realm, while the feel and flavors are of mouthfilling, mostly clean red fruit. No real varietal character but a good enough red wine.
Hugely ripe, this is a dense and potentially intense wine. Its high alcohol brings out a disturbing pepper character that spoils the purity of the rich fruits and mineral texture. It shows the heat of the volcanic soil of Ragen de Thann Grand Cru in its rich fruits and ripe structure. It does need aging, so drink from 2017.
This is a rich and attractive Chenin, with initial scents of honeycomb, yellow flowers, honey-drizzled apple and soft pear. Round and lush, the flavors are ripe and mouthfilling, with flavors of grilled apple, honeydew, orange oil, sweet spice and toast that  linger through the finish.
Aromas of tire rubber, herb and red fruit lead to soft, plush cranberry and cherry flavors that linger.
This new offering, made by Ross Cobb and Katy Wilson, is intended as a “best of the west.” Sourced from several vineyards, it reveals true coastal qualities, with ethereal earthiness and an Old World sensibility. Cloudy in the glass, it shows cranberry, orange, bay leaf and tea flavors as it unwinds.
This wine's tart, high-pitched acidity greets the palate with a youthful splash of lemon and lime before revealing its true concentration of rich toasted oak and baked apple flavor. Fulsome on the palate, it ends on a taste of the tropics.
Cutaja opens with a healthy dose of cinnamon and spice backed by bright cherry and toasted almond. The fruit shows a dark, ripe quality, with overtones of black olive and caper, but there is enough acidity to keep the palate refreshed.
A streak of bright acidity cuts through the ripe red cherry, currant and cola flavors of this full-bodied, young Pinot Noir. It's aggressive and immature now, with the oak unintegrated with the primary fruit, but has a great future. Give it a minimum of six years in the cellar to knit together.
There's an attractive richness to the ripe stone and tropical fruit core of this wine, laced with hints of citrus peel and saline that shine on the finish. The medium-weight body is balanced by ample acidity, helping to preserve the wine's fresh and lively feel. Drink now.
Made with dried Mantonico grapes, this opens with aromas of orange zest and dried apricot. The apricot note carries through to the full-bodied palate along with fig, lemon honey and sweet almond. Fresh acidity brightens the concentrated flavors.
A hint of black, intense elderberry steals away almost as soon as it appears. Intriguing blueberry and plum remain on a slender, supple and lissom palate that is dense and toned. There is focus, concentration and purity, framed by stony notes, smoky oak and great freshness. This will take time to relax, so drink 2018–2025.
Grenache makes up 70% of this wine with the rest equal parts Mourvèdre and Syrah. The aromas of raspberry and spice are brooding while the raspberry, cranberry and floral flavors are tart and lithe, with a finish that lingers.
Ginger and spice dominate this mineral-textured wine. It is ripe, fragrant and with good freshness. Acidity balances the medium-dry, honeyed character, giving lilt to the aftertaste. Drink this single-vineyard wine from 2017.
Austin Hope's team puts a lot of love into this widely available bottling that's a steady leader in its price category. Dark in color, it shows clean blackberry, black pepper and dark chocolate aromas. The medium-bodied palate offers dark berry fruit, dried herb and baking spice flavors.
Very elegant, it opens with refined aromas of rose petals, lychee and a hint of juicy citrus fruit. The full-bodied palate delivers ripe pink grapefruit and steely mineral notes accented with a spicy note of white pepper.
A nice Syrah for drinking now, at a good price. It's a bistro-style wine, crisp and lusty, with lots of spicy, berry-cherry flavors. Good as a house pour.
Wet stone, cut grass and white pepper create an appetizing nose. The palate positively sprays with refreshing, lively pepperiness and verve while the balanced body cushions its freshness in a creamy, white-pepper-scented core of pleasant lightness.
A little too strong in feline spray character, but nicely dry and crisp, with citrus, gooseberry and vanilla flavors.
There are hints of oak aging in old barrels in this wine. That gives a rich texture to the bright red fruits and perfumed acidity. It is ready to drink now, although with some aging its fruit will mellow and it will broaden out. For that, wait until 2018.
Though bearing the Willamette Valley label, this is principally Pommard clone fruit from Northridge vineyard in the Eola-Amity Hills AVA. It's a barrel selection, tough and chewy at this point. The muscular structure pushes pomegranate and black cherry fruit to the center. Ripe tannins provide an undercoating of chewy earth. It's big-boned and generous.
Fragrant yellow flower, crushed thyme, Bartlett pear and citrus aromas carry over to the dry vibrant palate together with green apple and crisp acidity. Small, continuous bubbles lend finesse.
As always, Noemía is proof that excellent Malbec can come from Patagonia. Big, bold and smoky on the nose, with blackberry and bacon. The palate is broad and bulky but balanced, while flavors of smoked meats, black fruits, licorice and especially clove stand out. Dark with a persistent clove note on the finish. Best now through 2012.
Clements Hills is an up and coming subregion within Lodi and the grapes for this wine have been sourced from three Clements Hills vineyards. The wine has its rustic side but is also savory, with dark plum and berry fruit flavors and a toasty note at the end. The Chelonian Research Foundation, for which this wine is named, is devoted to the conservation of turtles and tortoises, and portions of the wine's proceeds will be donated.
Initially this smells reductive and like horseradish, although with airing it moves on to aromas of pepper and berry. Citrusy acidity gives zest to what is otherwise a creamy-feeling red. Flavors of cassis, berry and brown sugar lead to a long, baked-tasting finish.
Bristling grapefruit pith and gooseberry notes are concentrated and crisp on this bright, punchy Sauvignon Blanc. While delicate in body, partial skin contact seems to lend richness to palate, freshened by swathes of herb and orange blossom on the finish.
A lovely effort from proprietor Raimund Prüm, this plump, creamy-textured spätlese displays ample minerality—there's a distinctly slate-driven note—allied to ripe apple, stone fruit and citrus. Sweet but not overwhelmingly so, this would be terrific with slightly sweet or spicy dishes.
Rich and oaky, this Chardonnay is pretty much as good as Mercy's more expensive single-vineyard bottlings. It feels creamy and smooth, and it tastes of luscious peach and vanilla custard, butterscotch and toast. Brisk acidity enlivens the palate.
This is a finely balanced LBV with structure complementing the luscious black-fruit and raisin flavors. The wine is rich and densely textured, very smooth and unctuous. Big tannins suggest that the wine could age.
A surprisingly nonperfumed Traminer that moves much more into the realm of sweetness, ripe yellow fruits and balancing acidity. The light and delicious character creates a great apéritif.
Spicier than most Cab Francs, with a scour of pepper, but lush and flavorful in red cherries, tobacco and sandalwood. Easy to drink, this fine red wine has lots of interest. Drink now.
A vineyard high on the Nussberg hill gives this hugely concentrated wine perfumed flavors of ripe plums to go with its touch of pink grapefruit. Well structured and  outstanding.
Crisp stone fruit, citrus and mineral tones lend a briskness and levity to this dry, full-bodied Riesling. It's expansive and richly textured on the palate, with a refreshing tangerine acidity that lingers on the finish.
This is a low-production wine sourced from a single block in the winery's estate vineyard. It has a modest oak influence and brisk acidity. The wine is easy to like with tart papaya, lime, peach and vanilla flavors.
This has very nice aromatic intensity, boasting layers of peach blossom, jasmine and honey. Sweet peach tones appear on the close and are enhanced by the wine's creamy texture.
Showing the brisk acidity of this cool coastal appellation, MacMurray's '05 Pinot is bright in red and black cherry, raspberry, cola, licorice, vanilla and smoky oak flavors. The wine isn't an ager, but it's a rich, fairly complex wine to drink now. Easy to find, with 25,000 cases produced.
With a nice, silky texture and good acidity, this slightly sweet rosé pleases with flavors of raspberries, vanilla and cinnamon spice. Good now with burgers, roast chicken, potstickers.
Talk about a nose that announces what's to come: coffee, licorice, dark spice and sensual black-fruit aromas all indicate richness and modernity. Very much a 21st-century wine in that it pours on those ripe, extracted, lush characteristics. Soft but balanced; it's 90% Sangiovese with 10% Cabernet.
A bit herbal on the nose, with other scents of cherries and dusty spices. It's more powerful in the mouth, where the cherries seem to expand and flow silkily across the palate. Finishes long and elegant, with a hint of chocolate. Uncommonly supple for Barolo, suggesting early drinkability.
This blend from five Beaune Premier Crus was made to celebrate the Potel family's 50 years in wine. It is a richly structured, beautiful wine with its dark tannins and black fruit showing so well. Concentrated from the low yielding old vines, the wine is packed with fruits and acidity that are developing slowly. Drink from 2020.
Elegantly layered on the nose, this region-showcasing project presents baked plums, pure black-cherry extract and mulberry alongside nutmeg and clove spice. The palate offers a steady evolution of savory flavors, from black cherry and exotically spiced berries to espresso bean, garam masala, plum rinds, peppercorn and allspice.
This winery has succeeded in producing a lovely Bordeaux-blend wine in this difficult vintage. Based on Cabernet Sauvignon, and including all five classic Bordeaux grapes, this wine is rich and opulent with blackberry jam, blueberry, currant and anise flavors, enhanced with new oak. Give it a decant and enjoy it over the next year or two.
This seems as sweet as fruit juice, with flavors of orange, pineapple and banana. It's creamy and warm, in the way of the modern Chardonnay style.
A green streak runs through this wine, adding an herbal character to the black cherry and plum aromas and flavors. Low tannins and medium acidity produce an overall easy profile and light mouthfeel.
A shy nose hints at crushed autumn leaves, fresh red fruit and soft vanilla. The palate has that same interplay of earthiness and red-berry fruit, supported by a gentle nudge of oaky vanilla. Slender and layered, the body shows a firm grip of very fine tannin. Freshness is evident on the finish. While lovely now, this elegant, poised wine will blossom over the coming years: the fruit is pure and ample; the structure firm and lasting. Drink 2020–2030.
Rich cherry jam, dew-covered thyme and a touch of licorice show on this bottling from a vineyard on the eastern fringe of the Sta. Rita Hills. Round red fruits and an anise character show right away on the palate, which grows more complex with pencil lead, cinnamon and dried herbs.
Fresh, primary blackberry and cherry flavors are streaked by a fresh herbal tinge in this especially food friendly Pinot Noir. Soft tannins and a rounded mouthfeel make it approachable now through 2020.
A bit sweet, this Pinot, grown in the Arroyo Seco area, is soft and silky, with very ripe, extracted cherry pie flavors and a spicy finish.
So ripe and beautiful in fruit and oak, so balanced in tannins and acids, that it's hard to know whether to enjoy this Cab now or age it. Right now, it's elaborate in blackberry, cherry, currant and new oak flavors, wrapped into insanely fine tannins. But it's also balanced enough to develop bottle complexity over the next 10 years.
Bottled unfiltered (which means there is a sediment in the bottle), this is a fine wine, on the dry side, with firm tannins, fresh acidity and flavors of dried fruits. It has a solid, possibly ageworthy character.
Light, bright and with lively acidity, this is already a juicy, delicious wine. It offers good fruitiness, with pink grapefruit flavors and a tangy, zesty aftertaste. Drink now.
Raspberry and blackberry jam aromas are accented by white pepper and mint. The flavors are plump and fleshy in feel, providing plenty of easy-drinking enjoyment.
Seems almost confectionary in its bold, fruit-driven aromas of spring flowers, strawberries and lime, but picks up greater minerality and some petrol notes on the slightly creamy-texture palate. Long and fruit-driven on the finish.
The mocha, toasted oak and sugared violet scents are lovely. There's a fairly good core of black fruit and creamy mocha on the palate as well, but green leaves and tomato peek through the midpalate, accompanied by some gripping grape tannins. The finish is marked by tart sour cherry and some floral notes.
Warm and forward, this opens with aromas of prune marinated in spirits, menthol, toast and dark cooking spices. The palate offers raisin, raw cherry, menthol and clove alongside dusty tannins.
Bulky and clumsy, with powerful early barnyard aromas that ultimately give way to more refined plum and cherry. While this wine has its virtues, it lacks elegance. And while we admit that it's a country wine that's probably meant to be a sizable, rustic quaff, it seems a bit too basic and borderline to garner a better review.
Pinot Grigio doesn't get better than this. Fresh and fragrant, this lovely wine offers beautiful intensity and a soft, smooth consistency. Peach nectar, tangerine, lemon curd and white almond all appear in perfect doses.
This wine is all fruit with a stalky character that comes from fresh black currants, tight acidity and dusty tannins. It's light and forward—a cool red that will be ready to drink later this year.
This is a light blend of the two Cabernets with fresh red fruits and a touch of stalky tannin. It is made from organically grown grapes, fresh, full of red-cherry and red-currant flavors that are given an even crisper character by the acidity. The wine will be ready to drink from the end of 2016.
An obviously wood-aged wine that remains young. The acidity from the toast is still blending with the acidity from the pineapple and apricots. The wine, though, has great potential, ready to show off its ripe fruits and gorgeous structure. Keep for 2-3 years.
Brooding smoke, purple fruit and violet aromas are followed by sumptuous fruit and barrel flavors in this Syrah. Barrel notes linger on the finish, feeling a bit raw but not detracting from the overall enjoyment.
Biodynamic grapegrowing and stainless-steel fermentation have collaborated to produce this fresh, keen and brilliant young Sauvignon Blanc. It's so clean and zesty in acidity, you can't help but admire it, and the flavors only add to the attraction. Lemon, lime and grapefruit citrus have richer notes of figs, melons and vanilla. This is really a gorgeous, dry white wine.
Now fully mature, this soft wine has berry flavors over a dry core. It is rich with a touch of pepper and jammy red fruitiness leading to a toasty aftertaste. Drink now.
Comprised of 67% Zinfandel, 23% Syrah and 10% Petite Sirah, the blend is rich but not overdone in blackberry fruit, integrated tannins and a leathery finish. There's just the slightest implication of coconut on the nose, too.
Harmonious on the bouquet, this has aromas of berry, marzipan and nutmeg. It feels a little acidic but that adds freshness to the package. The flavors of earthy, roasted fruits are a touch salty, and the finish tastes briney and baked, with notes of coffee and toast. A blend of 65% Tempranillo, 20% Merlot and 15% Caberent Sauvignon.
Vintner Enzo Rapalino has crafted a luscious, thick Barbaresco with warm wood tones of spice and toasted almond backed by delicious notes of bright berry and wild raspberry. The wine shows firm, determined tannins and a very solid structure for a long aging future.
D'istinto is a very attractive and plump Shiraz from Sicily that delivers aromas of exotic spice, leather, tobacco, crushed peppercorn and black cherry. The wine is dense, chewy and raw but makes a solid, everyday drinking red.
A tender but enticing touch of peach rises from the glass. There also is a glint of smoke and a touch of lemon zestiness. It is lemon and tangy citrus that takes over on the taut linear palate. Zestiness fizzes and gives the concentrated palate a wonderfully weightless feel that belies the depth of fruit. This is totally appetizing and refreshing with a dry, moreish finish. Drink 2017–2035.
This presents an aromatic wall of chocolate, cherry, toasted almonds, crème caramel and spice. In the mouth, it offers a long extension of flavors, chewy consistency and a solid backbone of sweet primary fruit.
This combines 79% of the variety with 14% Cabernet Franc and 7% Petit Verdot. Together they offer crisp red fruit and a hearty sense of the forest, an aroma of pine persistent and lingering. Silky, with good acidity, it showers the finish in an oaky grip.
While this has a strongly tannic structure from the Tannat in the blend, the wine is also showing its ripe fruits and generous texture. Black plum skins and blackberries give a juicy edge to this wine that will be ready to drink from 2016.
This 100% Cabernet is very dry, with hard tannins housing blackberry, plum, raisin and cedar flavors. It could develop bottle complexity over the years, but at this price, it's an expensive risk.
Not just named on a whim, some of the proceeds for the sale of this wine goes to protecting Asian elephants. Designed to pair with spicy food, this is a soft, very fruity wine. It is dry and spicy itself with just enough acidity to keep it fresh.
Mainly Grenache, this is a full, rich, velvety Rhône blend. Toasty oak, vanilla and baking spices dominate the youthful aromas, backed by black cherry fruit on the palate. It's warm and plush on the finish. Drink now–2025.
Dense and solid from the start, with deep plum, wild berry and earth aromas. Ripe, whole and nice on the palate, with crusty blackberry, chocolate and spice flavors. Finishes lightly toasted, with comportment. Real good for everyday Malbec.
Dark fruit aromas of cherry, blackberry and exotic spice comprise the bouquet. There's inky density, contrasted against delicate aromas of lead pencil, cola and cured meat. The wine is plush, rich and extracted, with dusty, firm tannins.
Soft-fruited Champagne, with pear and pink grapefruit flavors. It has a bitter almond edge that cuts through the acidity. The finish is soft, towards the sweet end of brut.
If you like your Rieslings on the sweet side, this pretty wine is for you. It's brisk in Central Coast acidity, with citrus, peach, honeysuckle and spice flavors that finish clean and long.
This is a tight, red-fruit dominated style of Granache. It's generic and crisp on the nose, with tart, linear raspberry and red cherry flavors and a dry, peppery finish. Focused and angular, with a foresty, spicy undercurrent. Drink now.
Tropical peach fuzz, grassiness and acidity give this wine a lively edge, supported by ample freshness on the palate, as well as length and body. A touch sour on the finish, it begs for just-caught seafood.
A jammy, herbal flavored wine, which is well enough balanced but seems to lack much intensity. The fruit is soft, sweet with black jam flavors and a light touch of acidity. With just an extra touch of concentration, this would be a classic wine. The name of the wine comes from the principal quinta owned by Barros near Pinhão.
Juicy and ripe in chocolate-covered currant, blackberry, cherry, licorice and sage flavors, this Cab finishes with a rich coating of soft tannins.
Robustly concentrated, this is a rich rewarding wine exuberantly layered in black raspberry and blackberry flavor. Boldly structured, with depth and length for days, it hits the palate with pleasing jolts of cinnamon, clove and black licorice.
This is a fruity wine housing soft tannins and red berry fruit notes. It's rounded and smooth, with streaks of vanilla highlighting the finish. Drink now.
Soft, juicy and uncomplicated, this Cab Franc immediately offers likeable cherry and sweet oak flavors. The tannins beg for steak.
This blend of Baga and Chardonnay is structured, almost tannic in character with spice and acidity dominating the fruit. That suggests the wine needs to age in bottle a little longer, so drink from 2017.
Big and burly, with highly respectable aromas of ripe blackberry, toast and mint. Attractive plum and blackberry flavors follow, and as it passes from palate to finish the wine shows its depth and structure. A little stiff in terms of oak and tannin and kind of simple overall. Still, it's a wine that indicates that La Mancha could finally be ready for the world stage.
There's a boisterous amount of freshly pressed boysenberry juice, crushed graphite and sweet rose on the very accessible, somewhat soda-poppy nose of this blend of 40% Cabernet Sauvignon, 30% Petit Verdot, 20% Merlot and 10% Cabernet Franc. The medium-bodied palate is plummy with a hint of fennel.
Crafted from six vineyards within the Dutton family's holdings, this is a pretty wine, smooth and supple with a balance of acidity and light body. Citrus and apple vie for attention with a slight tropical note and expansiveness of ginger cookie and toffee.
“L'Homme Mort,” which is French for “the dead man,” is a small section of the Fourchaume Premier Cru, and it is a signature wine of Jean Durup's Château de Maligny. It's opulent, ripe and rounded, with a full, fruity character and toast flavor. On the finish, there is an edge of grapefruit acidity. Age for 3–4 years.
Dry as a bone, with petrol and green-apple aromas. The palate delivers expected apple and lemon flavors, while the finish is crisp, tangy and a touch tart. Simultaneously acidic and elegant. Classic no-sugar brut nature. Imported by Iberian Wine Importers.
Spiced berry and cassis are the lead aromas on this medium-bodied, zippy Malbec. In the mouth, this shows mostly fresh acidity, red-fruit zest and snap. Flavors of loamy berry, baked plum and earth run dry, while the finish is compact in feel, light in weight and overall seems clean and fresh.
Nice and smooth, with pure green apple, citrus and rosemary aromas. Bold in the mouth, with melon, pineapple and subtle spice flavors. Finishes seductively dry, with stylish mushroom and toast flavors, almost like a good dry Sherry. Imported by Remy Cointreau USA.
This wine is light and perfumed, with crisp red currants and a tangy orange-zest texture. It dances from the glass, refreshing and poised to finish.
A warm and full-bodied wine that is typical of the ripe 2003 vintage. The wine is now mature, hinting at toast, very rich and full in the mouth. The acidity and apricot fruit flavor are well balanced, leaving freshness at the end of this fully-formed wine.
Grown in the Oakley area from (mostly) old vines, this Zin is dry, lush in texture and complex in flavors. It has lovely floral and mineral notes to the spicy raspberries, cherries, currants and cola. Great job at a good price.
Pleasant red fruits awash in chocolaty oak craft an accessible, broadly open Syrah. Though it seems a bit generic, it is balanced and tasty; a good bottle for near-term drinking with simple grilled meats.
At first whiff, there's a slightly odd funkiness to this co-fermented blend of 60% Grenache and 40% Syrah, but that blows off with time. Aromas of dill, green peppercorns, wet cedar and forest underbrush lead into flavors of freshly sliced rare beef, dried mulberry, fresh elderberry and slightly sour tar.
A solid little wine, with a smoky black raspberry and plum jam nose leading to a palate of mixed berry pie accented with violet top notes. Medium-bodied, with tame tannins. Hard to do better at this price. Great choice to accompany steak from a charcoal grill. Drink up.
One whiff reveals billowing scents of purple flower, fresh apple, lemon peel and sea salt. Bone dry yet penetrating with flavors of lime skin, green apple and fresh herbs, this is a lush, textural Riesling with outstanding complexity. It finishes steely and crisp —a perfect pairing with fatty hamachi or salmon sashimi.
Vegetal aromas are followed by a more red berry, while always herbal, wine. It is taut, showing minerality as well as a tight texture. The wine is young and will certainly round out as it ages over the next 2–3 years.
Young Hunter Valley Sémillon is one of the most perplexing wines to evaluate, and I suspect that in 8–10 years' time, my rating will seem overly stingy. Still, this light-bodied wine appears to lack depth, complexity and length, offering just some odd, resiny scents and waxy, citrusy flavors.
Aromas of blue flower, baking spice, black-skinned berry, leather and a whisper of well-integrated oak slowly emerge on this. The dense, chewy palate doles out layers of fleshy black cherry, crushed raspberry, vanilla, mocha and chopped mint framed in robust, velvety tannins. Drink 2017–2023.
An easy red blend from Sardinia, this shows aromas of strawberry, cherry and cola. There's a metallic nuance somewhere at the back, capped by hints of black pepper and sweet-tasting fruit.
While the wine is clean, it tastes yeasty and heavy despite its low alcohol. There is strawberry fruitiness and final acidity, although the sweetness remains intrusive.
This bright sparkling wine shows creamy nuances of peach and citrus with background notes of freshly baked bread and a touch of vanilla spice. The perlage is smooth and persistent.
Fragrant and elegantly structured, this beautiful wine opens with scents of perfumed berry, rose petal and dark berry. The full-bodied palate delivers layers of ripe black cherry, crushed raspberry, white pepper and baking spice alongside a backbone of firm, refined tannins and fresh acidity. It's still young so give it time to reach its full potential. Drink 2019–2026.
Although Manfred Felsner is better known as a Grüner Veltliner producer, he makes Rieslings from his Rohrendorfer vineyard. This 2006 is fresh, lightly aromatic, with good green acidity and some crisp, green apple flavors. Screwcap.
91-93 Barrel sample. Firm in character, but still there is plenty of juicy Merlot, pricked with toast and baked plums. The acidity is intense.
Crisp yet slightly tart in the mouth, this wine exhibits pleasant flavors of Granny Smith apple, lemon custard, and fresh white peach.
At the equivalent of $4.75 a bottle, and with the staying power of its vacuum technology, this box wine is a pretty good buy. Bone dry and crisp, it has pleasant citrus fruit, vanilla and peppery spice flavors.
Heavy aromas of horse stable and compost give this wine a classic “barnyard” nose, and while it does settle somewhat it always maintains its bramble and tomato flavor profile. This is herbal, rough Shiraz and no matter the size or oak it's a tough trek.
This is the best Valbuena since 2005, and it may be better than that. Exotic aromas of leather, lemon peel, sawdust and boysenberry come in front of a tannic but lively and intricate palate. Baked, heady flavors of black fruits, pepper and mocha finish with chocolate and vanilla as well as juicy acidity. Drink now through 2022.
Very floral and citrusy, with lime and orange sherbet notes and hints of green apple and white pepper. It also shows good length for such an inexpensive drop. Drink now.
This wine has spice, concentrated yellow fruits and a delicious backbone of acidity. With its acidity firmly in place, the wine is beginning to reveal the richer yellow fruit and tangy lemon. Already delicious, it will be better from 2017.
Slightly rusty in color and ready to drink, this lovely blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot conveys a lightly roasted bouquet, with cigar box, earth notes and tons of berry fruit. It feels rich but lively, with sweet black-fruit flavors, cocoa, mocha and licorice. This is toasty and chocolaty on the finish. Drink now.
A bit heavy and hot, with cooked cherry pie filling flavors and tannins that you might find in a Rhône wine. Could soften with some years in the bottle.
A whiff of Bourbon and vanilla introduces this block selection, then leads into a fine-tuned palate with blue plum, cola, clean earth and graphite. It's elegant without being thin, and pushes through gracefully to a lingering, perfectly balanced finish.
Crisp, dry and easy-to-drink, this mineral-driven selection will please fans of Pinot Grigio. With light flavors of mixed nuts, the palate does not make a memorable impression. Drink now.
This is a little rough around the edges, with jagged tannins. The flavors range from blackberries and black currants to cola and toasted oak, and the finish is nice and dry.
At more than four years of age, this Syrah is very dry. It's also tannic, with a hard, astringent bite to the blackberries. Somewhat rustic, it seems unlikely to develop in the bottle.
A blend of half barrel-fermented wine with half tank-fermented, this is a ripe, fruit cocktail of a wine, blending tropical fruit with smoke, vanilla and citrus. Soft and easy to drink.
Packed with fruit and crisp acidity, this is a bright, light and perfumed wine. Red-berry flavors are lifted by red currants and a light spice. Drink now for total freshness.
There's a sour, brambly note of white cherry or wild berry here that is characteristic of Piedirosso, a native variety of Campania. The wine is naturally thin in structure and persistency and makes the perfect match to Neapolitan pizza al forno.
Made from Château de Fuissé's young vines, this is light, fresh, mineral wine, lightly spiced, with attractive citrus juiciness. Drink now. Imported by Frederick Wildman & Sons, Ltd.
New leather, rose, violet, menthol and dark spice aromas set the tone on this luminous red. It's more about finesse than muscle, delivering tight layers of cherry, raspberry, mint and white pepper while tightly-knit refined tannins provide the taut framework. Bright acidity gives it intensity while a mineral note further lifts the finish. Give it time to soften and fully develop. Drink 2023–2043.
Rose gold in color, this rosé smells fresh and inviting, with pleasant underripe strawberry, mango and citrus zest scents. The palate is similarly light-footed, yet ripe tropical fruit tones lend some substance and richness.
Solid but unspectacular on the nose, with plum scents and generic sweetness. The palate is also sweet, but it has enough acidity and tannin to create a serious, almost scratchy mouthfeel. And if you hadn't had enough sweetness up to this point, the finish is loaded with brown sugar, cola and cough medicine.
Aromas of dried apricot and acacia honey lead the nose on this smooth dessert wine. The concentrated palate delivers candied citrus and white almond balanced by just enough freshness.
This chateau has recently been purchased by an insurance company. Money has been no object in restructuring the property, and the results for the past 4 or 5 vintages have been impressive. It's a ripe wine, almost opulent, with ripe cherry and blueberry flavors, lending sweetness and tannins. Flattering now, it will mature quickly. Imported by PJ Wines.
Produced in the region that also produces wine for Armagnac distillation, the wine is soft and light. It has a tangy edge along with white and citrus fruit. The mineral, zesty texture will allow the wine to age for a few more months. Drink from mid-2017.
An alluring nose of smoked meat, berry and spice leads on this full-bodied Syrah from Greece. On the palate, unfolding layers of smoked sausage, cherry and spice give the wine character, but it's still an easy-drinking red.
Oily and sort of muddled at first, but soon it gathers its legs and focus. The body is fairly full and round, while the flavors of citrus and melon are solid but pithy. With grapefruit and orange on the finish, it slides toward citrusy while delivering more than adequate punch and kick.
With its deep, tart-sweet black-plum aromas and flavors wrapped in a toasty oak blanket, this is an appealing, modern-style Barbera. The grape's native acidity is well tamed, but enough remains to make it a great food match. Has good tannic structure, yet has immediate appeal. Finishes long, dark and handsome.
The wine has red fruits and tannins along with acidity. The 25-year old vines have produced a rich wine that is all about fruit and acidity. Drink from 2018.
Made from three of the prominent grapes grown in Virginia—Chambourcin, Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot—this dry, spicy red blend is energetic and packed with red cherry, pepper and cinnamon. Friendly and accessible, it's a great everyday sip. The wine pays tribute to service dogs and their work with disabled people.
A simple wine that tastes of black currants, plum stones and throws in very dry tannins. The wood element shows with the smoky, meaty character, but mainly this is about fruit and acidity.
Intriguing floral aromas like rose petals and appetizing, fresh berry flavors are tempting in this medium-bodied and not-too-tannic wine. While still firm in texture, this will drink well soon, but will be best after 2018.
Aromas of prune, red berry, graphite and mint lead the nose. The palate delivers raw red cherry, black pepper, anise and sage alongside bright acidity and compact tannins.
A medium-bodied wine with mild strawberry and cherry flavors, this feels lithe and easygoing. It finishes smooth but short.
Cabernet Franc has become a signature variety for this winery, and this wine shows why. It's direct and appealing with lush aromas and flavors of milk chocolate, cherry, barrel spices and flowers, with an herb-filled finish that hangs as long as you care to count.
Mulberry, wet rock and sagebrush show on the nose of this single vineyard bottling from a site owned by the Hahn family. The palate is tangy at first, revealing dark red fruit with a smoky kick as it opens, backed by hints of juniper and dust.
This wine is a blend of Sangiovese (66%), Cabernet Sauvignon (20%) and Syrah. The aromas are brooding, with notes of earth, toast, red fruit and spice. The palate brings tart tangy cranberry flavors that linger on the finish.
This is a country-style wine. Dry and satisfying, it shows rich tannins and soft acids framing cherry, blackberry and cola flavors. Easy to sip with burgers or roast chicken.
V. Sattui tries their hand at Grenache, with good results. The wine shows the variety's famed cherry flavors, intense and jammy, along with a good amount of caramelized oak. The winemaker wisely added a bit of Syrah and Petite Sirah, which add body and weight. Ready to drink now.
This blend of Malbec, Bonarda, Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon is oaky and minty up front, with pencil lead and exotic blueberry aromas. In the mouth, this has a fast pulse, while flavors of Middle Eastern spices, cassis and blueberry finish briny but short.
High-toned aromas of herb, flower, spice and cherry are followed by tart elegantly styled fruit flavors. The new oak influence seems minimal. Pair it with food to see it at its best.
This bold, densely flavored and impressively tannic wine is dry, very well structured and will be interesting to age until 2018–2019. It smells darkly fruity, smoky and spicy, and tastes like cranberry and black cherry, finishing with a firm tang of tannin. It will be best after 2018.
This winery uses ample amounts of oak, but in years when the fruit concentration matches that intensity the wines can be compelling. Cedar and vanilla notes frame blackberry and cassis fruit in this firmly structured wine that folds in savory notes of roasted beef and black olive on the finish. Drink 2020–2030.
Crushed blue flower, succulent black cherry, wild raspberry and baking spices jump from the glass. The juicy fruit palate is balanced by soft, round tannins. It closes on a lively mineral note. Drink through 2015.
Not all that expressive on the nose; about all you get is basic yellow fruit and lettuce. The palate shows more intensity, but the flavors of lemon and tropical fruits are basic at best. Chunky, sweet and common on the finish. Good for Argentina but still it leaves you asking for more.
Sampled in a half bottle, this unusual version of a Muscat (most are off-dry) was quite tart, with potent flavors of citrus flesh and rind. Not as much orange flavor as one might expect, it's more in the lemon/grapefruit camp.
This has a warm and inviting cherry compote aroma. Broad, ripe and complex flavors resemble black cherry, cinnamon and wood smoke, with a full body and a velvety texture.The wine falls on the rich, plush side of the fence, simply gorgeous in flavor profile, full bodied and long on the finish.
Apple and tropical fruit aromas are mild. This feels round, creamy and soft, with moderate acidity. Flavors of walnut, banana, melon and vanilla finish creamy, without much follow through.
This impressive blend of Sangiovese and Merlot offers rich softness and a smooth texture backed by ripe aromas of red fruit, cinnamon spice, chocolate and mocha. The tannins also show softness and the wine would pair with choice cuts of succulent meat.
Attractive aromas of red berry, rose petal and a light note of cooking spice fill the glass. On the tightly wound palate, dried red cherry, sage and white pepper are offset by austere tannins that lead to a rather short, bracing finish.
Stalky, lightly herbal aromas are suggestive of horse and leathery berry fruits. This has hard tannins and a moderate structure, while stalky, baked berry flavors finish tough, with little give.
A full bouquet with tropical fruit, floral notes and vanilla accents opens this very friendly and lively Riesling. This offers a lot—bright and pretty orange and lime flavors and a brisk, zingy mouthfeel from the citrusy fruit and the underlying acidity. The full finish features spicy tarragon notes on top of the fruit. More Americans should try with wines like this. Best Buy.
Butter, sea salt, hard caramel candy, pan-seared white peach and poached apple aromas show on the nose on this wine by veteran Bryan Babcock. Once sipped, the wine tightens around a citrus pith, showing yogurt, iodine and lots of acidic energy, as well as more seared pome fruit on the finish.
Simple and a little sweet in raspberry and red cherry jam flavors, this Pinot has too much oak, or too much toast, for the underlying wine.
White flower, Spanish Broom, chamomile, exotic fruit and a hint of hazelnut unfold in the glass. The linear, razor-sharp palate delivers Kaiser pear, citrus, sage and white almond while a salty mineral note closes the finish.
This southern Italian blend of Aglianico, Montepulciano and Syrah is aged 12 months in oak to produce a rich, plush, extracted wine. Its delicious qualities approach excess, with jammy aromas of blackberry and spice. Fortunately, the mouthfeel is austere and measured.
Lemon peel and yeast are in the starring roles for now, showing miso-like savor with smoky edges and glimpses of white pepper. The fruit will come later. For now, this is pure, textural pleasure, with a very clean-cut finish.
This is ripe, structured and fragrant, with a touch of wood. It shows fine concentration and crisp, fresh citrus on the finish.
Citrus, barrel spice and vanilla are the primary aromas on this fresh, slightly watery Chard from Catalonia. The palate is dominated by pineapple and green apple flavors, while the tail end is clean and quiet.
New leather, ripe woodland berry, aromatic herb and a balsamic whiff of menthol are some of the aromas you'll find on this full-bodied red. The savory structured palate offers dried Marasca cherry, strawberry compote, cinnamon and pipe tobacco set against a firm backbone of fine-grained tannins. A sage note wraps up the finish. Drink 2019–2031.
Here's a gorgeous Bordeaux-style Kosher red blend with 50% Cabernet Sauvignon, 38% Petit Verdot and 12% Merlot. Fleshy plum, dark berries and black currant leaf abound in the bouquet, while flavors of pepper and leathery spice add intrigue to the palate. Medium weight in the mouth with a round, lush texture and gripping tannins. Rich and attractive now, though it will certainly hold for another two to five years.
Strong , complex aromas, with notes of tropical fruit and coconut. In the mouth, it's oaky and spicy, with penetrating, bright, effusive flavors that you might go so far as to call racy. The alcohol content is high and it drinks a little soft, but this is a very seductive wine. A crowd-pleaser, for sure.
A fruity wine from the lesser known Fixin appellation, this has strawberry fruit, soft tannins and a warm, rich texture. The acidity brings out a bright side to this approachable offering.
Sulfury, soft and sweet.
A light, perfectly quaffable Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc, the 2009 Sea Breeze displays classic grapefruit and gooseberry notes, accented by hints of tomato leaf. Finishes a bit short, but provides decent value.
More powerful and potent than the '04, this simply has more juice, more depth, more power and more detail than any previous Sheridan wine. The fruit is exceptional—dense black cherry and cassis, with a sense of compact layering that promises great aging potential. This was 30 months in oak but does not seem oaky in any way. It already has the balance, the polish and the length to justify long-term cellaring. Tannins are ripe and supple, bringing in hints of dried herb and black olive.
This is a gorgeous and concentrated 60-40 Nero d'Avola-Cab Sauvignon blend with loads of exotic spice, cinnamon bread, blackberry and dark fruit. There's a touch of sweetness in the mouth followed by tight tannins and a long, penetrating finish. Sees 14 months in French oak. Imported by Winebow.
Has some overripe flavors of raisin skins, with bitter tannins, but the wine is fully dry, with enough black currant, coffee, black licorice and plum flavors to satisfy. Barbecue will be a perfect partner for this affordable Zin.
You can call this Pinot thin, or you can call it elusive. While it does show the lean profile of the 2011 vintage, it's quite complex, offering high acid-inspired flavors of raspberry sour candy, chamomile tea and cranberries, plus minerally, dried herb complexities. Drinking through 2020.
Loaded with fresh pineapple and grapefruit from beginning to end, this zestful Sardinian white delights throughout. A real waker-upper; it’s an admirable foil for any grilled fish but would be especially so for grilled lobster.
Despite a challenging season, Saint Clair's 2008 Block 16 turned out just fine, with dusty black cherries accented by earth and spice complexities. It's medium bodied, with silky tannins and a supple finish. Drink it over the next few years.
Aromas of toasted oak, espresso, underbrush and a balsamic note take shape in the glass. The fresh firm palate shows dried sour cherry, cranberry, roasted coffee bean and a hint of star anise set against close-grained tannins that grip the finish.
Although the wine is made in stainless steel, there's a tiny touch of oxidation here (only a distant accent) that shapes a warmer, broader bouquet of stone fruit, honey and butterscotch. It's silky and smooth on the close. Drink now.
Perfumed intensity with exotic fruit, peach and wild herb help shape the wine's generous bouquet. There's a touch of sweetness in the mouth followed by a waxy texture and a slightly heavy sensation overall.
This oak-aged Vermentino is pristine and fresh in style, and the palate offers some heft. Nuances of exotic fruit, lemon zest, apricot and almond cream appear on the finish.
Sugary and simple, with jammy raspberry, cherry and oak flavors that finish a bit hot and peppery.
Minty, chocolaty notes add something to the wine's floral, berry aromas, while the acid-driven palate sports zingy black cherry and plum flavors that come with coconut, vanilla and chocolate shadings, all evidence of some well-applied oak. Cleansing, acidic and nicely done for a bargain-priced wine.
This is winemaker Bill Fuller's 41st vintage, hence the designation. It's all Draper clone and spent 10 months in one-third new French oak. The opening aromas carry a volatile edge, then smooth out into fruit flavors of apple and pear. It's a good wine, but the impression of volatility does not entirely dissipate.
Closed up and just hinting at its great potential, this wine is showing tannins and a dry, solid core. Slowly it reveals delicious, opulent red berry fruits and concentrated texture. It needs a lot of time before drinking; wait until 2019.
Opens with true citrus, nettle and other snappy, prickly aromas. Like many Chilean SBs, it's fresh and charging, with zesty green-fruit and citrus flavors. Lime is present on the finish, as is a touch of lasting bitterness. Good but straightforward, and slightly narrow.
I have watched this wine for some time and know that it is an ager, especially in a great vintage like this one. Made from very high Mayacamas Mountain grapes, it's relentlessly tannic in its youth. But the core of black cherry and cassis is fabulous. Hold until 2010.
Rich, with thick but appealing tar, chocolate and blackberry aromas. The acidity, tannins and structure all seem right. Flavors of bright berry and plum are youthful and friendly, and there's a hint of vanilla to the finish. Decidedly not herbal or forced.
Plump but wholly generic, with semisweet aromas that are neither here nor there. The palate is round, with adequate to good mouthfeel. And the flavors of citrus are solid but kind of pithy and bitter. A full, chunky wine with virtues as well as some flaws. Drink right away for best results.
Freedom Hill is one of the most-admired vineyards in the Willamette Valley, and this elegant wine does it full justice. A beguiling mix of roses, chocolate, berry and sandalwood, it tickles the nose and tongue with its precision and deceptive depth of flavor.
Leather, licorice and balsamic aromas slowly take shape in the glass. Full bodied and taut, this delivers dried black cherry, mature raspberry, star anise and clove set against fresh acidity and firm, refined tannins. Drink 2023–2043.
This wine has an unusually dark color, plus potent and spicy charred-oak aromas. A very aggressive sweet-oak flavor coats over the grape flavors. It stays somewhat sweet on the palate and finish.
Aged just three months in French oak (28% new), the wine focuses on the fruit, with rich notes of apricot, pear and tangerine. It's full-bodied with sweet fruit flavors and a long, lingering, exquisitely fruit-filled finish.
PianCornello opens with very nice intensity and a dark Brunello color with aromas of cured meat, ripe blackberry and exotic spice. It's a bigger, thicker expression of the wine with firm tannins and ripe berry flavors backed by just enough acidity to keep the palate refreshed.
Quite dry and thin, with an odd mix of unripe fruit, sugary fruit, toasted seed and plastic. Just doesn't sit well in the mouth.
From vines planted in 1893, this is an inky, concentrated Shiraz. The aromas hint at cracked pepper, vanilla and blueberries, while on the palate, this is superripe and full bodied. Although close to being fat and overdone, yet it's held back from the edge by its long, licorice-and-spice finish. Drink now–2020.
Tassinaia is a perennial super Tuscan expression with lush layers of cherry and blackberry backed by soft spice nuances and toasty oak aromas such as baked vanilla bean and roasted almond. Dense, firm tannins lend a sturdy but velvety texture.
The fruit is light and a touch sour, with suggestions of watermelon and berry. It fades into a short finish with a citrusy frame.
This off-dry wine presents a great balance between the spicy flavors and the tropical fruits. It's a lightly textured wine, already accessible, with a touch of pepper at the end along with just enough acidity.
The '05 has produced a fresh, brisk young wine that's firm in immature acids and young, jammy cherry and black raspberry fruit. Its pedigree shows in the balance and the rich, ripe tannins that only a superior cool-climate vineyard can provide. But it's too young now, and hasn't proven itself capable of aging. Try after 2008.
Some wood aging gives this wine its rich character. The tannins, black-currant fruits and good proportion (36%) of Cabernet Sauvignon in the blend all contribute to the wine's structure and ripeness. Drink from 2018.
Lactic oak-based aromas start out muted but settle with earthy red berry scents. The palate is pinched and narrow in feel, with modest berry notes leading to a slightly bitter finish.
Soft and fruity wine with flavors of bananas, pineapple and crisper acidity. There is a lively essence of lemon flavor that shows brightly through the riper texture. Drink this wine now and over the next year. Screwcap.
A mineral touch graces the bouquet, which is otherwise regular and salinic, with a touch of sweet animal cracker. Medium in weight, with citrusy acidity, pithy grapefruit and lime flavors. Tangy but calm on the finish, with a final dose of citrus pith.
Though no residual sugar is listed, this appears to have a hint of sweetness, along with light fruit flavors of strawberry and candied cherries.
In the past, Allegrini adopted a vocal stand against Ripasso (a middle ground wine between Amarone and Valpolicella) and for this reason Corte Giara Ripasso comes as a big surprise. Despite the controversy, this historic producer presents a very acceptable wine with pretty tones of sweet spice and bright berry.
Fragrant and fruity, this has red berry notes that bond easily with the soft tannins. A mere touch of wood spice gives the wine an extra edge. Fruity and ripe, ready to drink soon.
Aged a little more than two years in 90% new French oak and then in bottle, time has been kind to this wine, a Syrah of dark mushroom and baked blackberry, that's savory and silky with a slight hint of mint on the finish. Mighty and impressive.
This is lightly herbal and beautifully complex. The fruit is a sweetly ripe mix of boysenberry and blueberry, notched with highlights of pepper and leaf. Everything is supported with perfectly proportioned acids and fine-tuned tannins.
Way too oaky, dominated by vanilla, buttered toast and creme brulée flavors that feel heavy and imposed on the modest pineapple and ripe lime fruit. Made in the popular style.
Daedalus is a very talented young winery making brilliant wines at sensible prices. The sources for this wine include Carabella, Momtazi, Maresh and Seven Springs, all superior vineyards. Winemaker Aron Hess is one of Oregon's rising stars. Sweet fruit, dried herbs, sandalwood and spice in a clean, silky, seductive, well-rounded and seamless wine.
With its tight tannins, this is a very structured wine, its juicy black fruits already well integrated into the dark texture. It tastes powerful because it is so concentrated. At the same time there is elegance.
Hard and capped on the nose, this has hints of cement, cheesy oak, minty fruit and tobacco. Savory and roasted on the palate, with a blend of Marsala and mushroom as well as saline, baked berry and ham notes. The finish is savory in a natural, nongreen way.
A kitchen-sink blend of five grapes produces an excellent result. Borobo blends Pinot Noir and Syrah with your standard Bordeaux varieties, and the finished product is minty and rich, with coconut, shoe polish and crusty aromas in front of syrupy, roasted flavors of brown sugar and baked berries. Toast and mocha are the finishing notes. A chunky wine to drink now.
A fine Chardonnay, brisk in acidity and dry, with complex citrus, peach and pear flavors, enhanced with smoky oak. Drink now before it loses its freshness.
Penley's entry-level Shiraz is nearly as good as its Special Select, making it a pretty good value. Hints of smoke and peppery spice accent cherry fruit, while hints of vanilla and espresso serve to further point up the cherries. The tannins are ripe and creamy, while the finish lingers nicely. Drink now–2015.
A huge, kick butt Zinfandel, packed with sweet berry, bacon, black pepper and smoky cedar flavors. There's absolutely nothing shy about it. Packs a real punch all the way through to the spicy finish. Good price for a Sonoma Zin this classic.
This fruity, ready-to-drink selection is packed with black currant and berry flavors that are ripe and structured. The wine has some firm tannins, though its perfumed character makes it ready to drink now.
Solid, structured and tannic, this is a wine with potential. A mineral texture underlines the ripe, juicy fruit and berry flavors. It's rich and deliciously fruity while also structured.
Very hoppy and herbal on the nose, this bottling offers aromas of dried blueberry, wet gravel and leather. The palate combines underripe blackberries with asphalt and espresso flavors. Too tightly structured now, it needs more time to develop.
Subdued aromas recall Alpine wild flowers and lychee. The fresh, linear palate offers Golden Delicious apples and citrus notes with a hint of wax alongside crisp acidity.
This shows ripe fruit aromas of cherry and blackberry backed by leather, smoke and teriyaki notes. Thick and smooth, it has a velvety, fruit-driven finish.
The 2006 Millesimato sparkling wine delivers aromas of honey and sourdough bread and loads of almond and stone fruit flavors. It closes with a fresh, citrusy blast.
Fairly dry in style, with apple and pear flavors that are ripe without being sweet, and brought home by steely acids and tart citrus fruit. Drink this medium-bodied Riesling over the next year or two.
90-92 Barrel sample. It takes a while for this wine to show. Then it has solid tannins, topped by ripe berry flavors, rich plums and an edge of juiciness.
This is a powerfully tannic wine from a blend of equal proportions of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot with a serious touch of Petit Verdot. It is dark in color, dense in texture although with no hint of toughness. Instead, it is a rich wine that will age well. Drink from 2023.
The grapes are mainly from Dry Creek, with a little Russian River fruit as well, and there's no oak, so it's a really pure expression of Sonoma Sauvignon Blanc. It's dry and briskly clean, with intriguingly complex citrus, apricot, wildflower, fig, white pepper, vanilla and honey flavors. What a nice cocktail wine.
A light color and classic aromas of white flowers, citrus blossom and wet stones open this dry Moscatel from Málaga. A lean, crisp palate with lime-like acidity deals flavors of lime, lychee and white pineapple. A low-volume but racy finish is fresh and tangy.
From a superb year, this wine saw all French oak, but an ongoing reduction in exposure to new barrels brought the percentage down to 60%. Young and muscular, the blend of black fruits, sweet oak and toasty spice is focused and compelling. Pure fruit flavors include black cherry and plum, smooth and concentrated, with a smoky kick in the lingering finish.
Joseph Jewell's 2009 Elk Prairie is even better than its 2008, which is saying something. This vintage opens with perfumed cola spice and cinnamon that evolves in its lightly textured, lush mouthfeel into decadent strawberry in crème Anglaise. Bright, with a lingering finish, this Pinot Noir only gets better while in the glass.
Casas del Bosque makes some of the most pungent, expressive Sauvignon Blancs in Chile. This vintage fits the blueprint; it's forward, punchy and full of passion fruit, white grapefruit and tarragon on both the bouquet and palate. Shows mineral components, saline and scallion on the finish. A high-quality wine with a commensurate price tag.
Steely and creamy at the same time, this is no shy Pinot Gris. It's got body and heft from its time spent in 100% French oak (none of it new), and tastes perfectly in balance, with delightful notes of honeysuckle, apricot and honey. This is a small production made from certified-organic grapes.
Mint aromas speak of the wood used in aging this wine. With some burnt tannin character, it's perhaps not a wine that will show great fruit.
The ripasso technique consists of passing the already completed “normal” Valpolicella back over the lees of the Amarone in the spring after vinification of the latter is complete. This results in a minor refermentation, adding extra alcohol and flavor. If the latter occurred in this particular version, it is not very evident. There is a modest amount of dry fruit present, but the mouth-searing acids and mouth-drying tannins hurt this wine.
With sugary, jellied flavors of cherry and berry, along with abundant oak-derived notes of sweet buttered toast and vanilla-cream, this is easy to drink.
This almost delicate wine has wonderful light cherry and floral aromas, pure and vivid raspberry and red cherry flavors and a texture as smooth as silk. A rarity made from old vines, its medium body balances nicely with ample acidity, mild tannins and a lingering finish.
In 2011 the alcohol drops a bit and the fruit comes forward, stepping slightly away from the strongly herbal flavors of the 2010. It's reflective of the vintage, and perhaps more immediately approachable, without sacrificing any of the complexity or structure that typifies Gramercy wines. Strongly aromatic flavors of blackberry, black cherry, cola and licorice are all in play, backed with refreshing minerality. The wine should age beautifully for a decade or more.
Made with equal parts Lagrein, Merlot, Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot, this structured, balanced red boasts aromas of black pepper, black currant, toast and a whiff of bell pepper. The firm palate delivers mature plum, roasted coffee bean and allspice accompanied by chewy tannins. Drink through 2021.
This wine is definitely on the ripe and chewy side of the Nero d'Avola spectrum, with bold berry and black cherry aromas. The mouthfeel is soft and slightly sweet.
Taurasi is a wine that flaunts a determined and powerful personality, and Fatica Contadina is no exception, thanks to its deep layers of spice, dark fruit, tobacco and cigar that it delivers to the senses. On the palate, it is austere and tightly structured.
Begins with bold mint and prune aromas, and it's also sort of foxy and sweaty. The palate is better, with saucy, tart fruit that leans toward tomato, herbs and dry berry fruit. Solid and round enough; decent with a few faults.
The dark orange-amber color suggests the extracted richness of this blush, which proves itself once you taste it. It's ripe in raspberries, strawberries, vanilla and orange zest, with a honeyed finish. While it's a little heavy for a rosé, it is delicious.
Cedary and slightly herbal, but backed by ample cassis fruit, Botalcura's top Cabernet boasts a silky-smooth texture and nicely balanced acidity—its main drawback is its limited length on the finish.
Lemon tart, with a whisp of almond on the nose, this is a fairly sour white wine, disjointed and unclear. Made from California grapes at a winery in Vermont.
This beautifully perfumed wine has all the solid structure of a Nuits-Saint-Georges, but adds to that rich red fruits that have great aromas and fragrant acidity. It reflects the vintage in its intensely fresh aftertaste, leaving a juicy while still-firm character at the end. Drink from 2019.
This rosé is almost as rich as a red wine, the difference being a fresher, red-fruit character. It has vanilla flavors, a dry texture and a touch of pepper.
Hewitson's best Shiraz to date is this lush, creamy-textured offering, filled with dense chocolate and blackberry aromas and flavors. Hints of coffee linger on the long, velvety finish. The price is fair, too. Drink now–2015.
This steely mineral wine is still young. It has the crispest apple and lemon fruits as well as a tight mineral texture. It obviously needs to age with its nervy character keeping the more generous fruit in check. Drink from 2018.
This is a modest red wine, with very light berry-flavored fruit, and just a hint of cherry candy. The simple flavors are ready to drink.
Slightly sour red plum, red cherry, tar and dust show on the nose of this simple wine. More tar and rubber flavors arise on the palate, where light red fruit also emerges.
Subtle strawberry and red-apple notes create a fruit opening on the nose. The frothy palate accentuates both fruit and inherent freshness with its lively fizz. An autolytic touch of yeast joins in on the dry refreshing finish.
Scents of violet, iris and a balsamic whiff of menthol mingle together. The succulent palate doles out juicy raspberry, black cherry, clove and licorice alongside a backbone of firm, polished tannins. Drink 2018–2023.
Produced by one of Valpolicella's best producers of Amarone, this offers a crisp citrus aroma followed by notes of peach, white almond and pear. It is crisp, compact and medium in length.
This sophisticated Sauvignon Blanc sets itself apart with its rich nose of nuts, vanilla and flowers, followed by pretty flavors of spice and white flowers and fruit. Acidity balances the fruit. A fuller-bodied style that can handle richer seafood dishes.
Chambers's entry-level Rutherglen Muscat is a wonderful wine in its own right, and a relative bargain among sweet wines. It's floral and berry-like on the nose, with a viscous mouthfeel and caramel flavors that carry hints of berry fruit, honey and citrus.
This elegant wine opens with rich concentration, an inky black appearance and intense aromas of blackberry, cherry liqueur and rich mocha chocolate. It's soft, well defined and very long on the finish, which bears spice and oak-derived flavors. Let it age for 3–4 more years.
This big-seller is a delicious mint and wood polished wine, its berry fruits rounded and softened. The tannins meld easily into a warm, rich, accessible, forward-fruited wine that is definitely ready to drink.
This is an unusual blend of 72% Syrah with the rest equal parts Mourvèdre and Cabernet Sauvignon. It largely works, with aromas of black pepper, cocoa, coffee, herbs and brown spices. The cranberry and meat flavors offer a sense of balance and restraint along with a pleasing mouthfeel and flavors that linger.
For a consistently pleasing brut nature (no added sweetness), Juvé y Camps is one place to turn. This wine is dominated by match stick, apple, pear and light vanilla aromas, which are backed by meet-in-the-middle flavors of citrus, apple and celery. It's a bit sheer and tangy, but it's also genuinely refreshing and not the least bit sweet.
A beautiful wine to pair with desserts based on white fruits or simple but delicious vanilla sponge cake. Made from late-harvested Chardonnay, it's very sweet in apricots, lemons, vanilla and buttered toast, with a brisk edge of acidity for balance.
Generic pear and apple aromas are simple but good. This wine runs light on oak and feels juicy and correct. Flavors of apple, pear and vanilla turn more briny and salty on the finish, which circles back with sweetness as it fades away.
This is an off-dry wine with sweet raspberry fruit flavors that have a rustic edge to them. Drunk with ice, its fruitiness goes in favor of fresh acidity. Drink now.
Despite some big, fuzzy tannins, this Syrah is for drinking now. It just doesn't have the density for aging. But it does offer pleasant black currant, pepper, plum, tobacco and crispy bacon flavors. Give it some time in a decanter before serving.
Dry and silky but heavy, with earthy flavors of herbs, mushrooms, cherries, cola and spice. Drink now.
Showing up-front fruit, with tense acidity, this is all about freshness. There's a cool, textured feel to the wine, more plum skin than juice.
Another wildly complicated Pinot Noir from Bradley Brown, this smells of crimini mushrooms, smoldering chemise and sweet cherry tomato reduction sauce, with a pinch of cinnamon. It's lush with soft red and purple fruit once sipped, with smoky spice on the edges and smashed olives throughout.
Candied citrus and flower notes accent this medium-bodied Malvasia. Racy acidity gives this wine cut and verve.
In a crisp style, this has lively white fruit flavors, a youthful, steely mineral character, balanced by caramel richness and fine refreshing acidity. Age for 2–3 years.
Although this wine has tannins, it's the fruit that shines, with its delicious black-currant flavor and acidity. It is more fine and elegant than it is powerful, a pleasant surprise from Saint-Estèphe in this vintage For medium-term aging.
Aging this wine in 100% new wood has left it very dry, the fruit tight and black but oddly drained of richness. There is sweetness along with prune flavors. But the tannins may never soften enough.
A good collection of fruit flavors bring interest to this surprisingly ripe Chardonnay. Pineapple, green apple and light tropical fruits are set against pleasing barrel flavors of baked pear and glazed doughnut (really!).
A 100% varietal wine made by Kirk Venge, this tiny-production offering is concentrated in leather and dark baked fruit. Rich and rewarding, it wears its voluptuousness well, showing the palate with firm chewy tannin and integrated oak.
So fresh and inviting with lovely sweet pea and grass florals alongside soft notes of ripe nectarine and melon. The prickly mouth is loaded with orange oil citrus and a hint of banana unfolds on the long finish. A very clean and satisfying hand-picked Chenin Blanc that's a versatile wine for food pairing.
This estate-grown wine honors the historical vineyard that brought the Napa Valley worldwide attention for Cabernet. It offers both complexity and elegance, as well as an herbal underbrush accented by tobacco. Chocolate, caramel and coffee add to the intrigue around smooth, velvety tannins.
With wood and bottle aging before release, this is a serious Pinot Noir. But even the extra polish doesn't diminish the berry fruits and sweet, ripe tannins. The wine has a firm structure, but the juiciness is as important.
Wonderfully fragrant and pretty, this delicately-made Riesling mixes candied pineapple, honeyed lemon, and pekoe tea flavors to good effect. It's a perfect late spring porch pounder.
Opens with candied, chocolaty aromas that contradict its age. In the mouth, it's mature although the structure is breaking up; nonetheless, it's interesting and attractive, with herb, raspberry, tea, tobacco and chocolate flavors. Overall it's a different breed, and despite having lost its structure it's sly and well worth a go. Drink now.
Starts off with herbal, almost rhubarb-like aromas, but also some darker, berry-scented notes that ease into flavors of cassis and herbs. The texture is almost creamy, with the structure of the wine formed more by crisp acids than sturdy tannins.
In this near-equal split between the two varieties, both show themselves on the aromas and flavors of overripe pear, peach and flowers, with the alcohol evident throughout.
A nice wine, especially for the price. Dark, full-bodied and dry, with rich, spicy flavors of plums and blackberries, and a sweet coating of oak.
A rewarding and satisfying Cab. It may not be in the top tier, but it's close, with voluptuous tannins and classically complex Cab flavors of blackcurrants, olives and herbs. Lacks a bit of concentration in the center, but the pedigree is so good, you'll hardly notice over a grilled ribeye steak.
Tight, compact and rubbery on the nose, with a mineral, medicinal edge to the black-fruit aromas. Snappy and hard on the cheeks, with midland berry fruit and a scouring, juicy, woody finish. Lots of red fruit but scratchy and a little medicinal.
A polished, supple Cabernet with real class and style. Drily tannic, it shows a good core of cherries, violets and herbs. Drink soon.
Ripe berries, loaded with spice, concentrate the flavors of this exceptionally smooth, big-bodied Syrah. As is the custom with Sequel, the grapes are a blend of many vineyards and AVAs, which certainly enhances the polished mouthfeel, but at the expense of specificity. The acids stick out a little bit, but are soon covered in loads of chocolate and butterscotch barrel flavors. Drink soon.
This wine is a blend of fruit from the Bacchus (57%), Dionysus (22%) and Olsen (21%) vineyards. The aromas are vibrant, with notes of lime zest, white peach, apple and mineral, along with whiffs of reduction. It drinks dry, with a sleek high-acid styling. Stone-fruit flavors linger on the finish. Pair it with food to see it at its best.
Deep, golden yellow, this elegant but structured white offers aromas of fragrant white flower, alpine herb, mature pear and exotic fruit. The vibrant, spicy palate doles out crisp green apple, white peach, nectarine, lemon zest, white pepper and a ginger note. It's balanced and fresh, with bright acidity and a long, mineral finish.
Peach-pink in color, this vibrant rosé sparkler offers unique aromas of cut grass, dried flowers and forest berries. It's an easy-going wine that would pair well with appetizers thanks to its crisp, fresh feel.
Richly colored in hues of amber and gold, with a toasty, full-bodied nose that offers maturity and depth. This Champagne is totally on the money, with ripe but reserved apple and citrus flavors, and then the slightest bit of mushroom and baked bread on the finish. Imported by Palm Bay Imports.
Aromas of gritty berry and wet cement lead to a chewy sticky grabby palate. Round generic baked flavors of plum and berry are solid, while salty notes work their way onto the finish.
Close to the Gironde estuary, le Temple's wines are dominated by Cabernet Sauvignon, making for a powerful, complex bottling, with great acidity and black currant flavor. This has potential to age for at least five years.
This simple, refreshing white has a subdued nose while the palate offers delicate flavors suggesting peach, green apple and a hint of citrus. Bright acidity leads to a clean finish.
This is a precisely detailed wine that shows impeccable craftsmanship. The fruit is firm and balanced, pairing pure black cherry and cassis flavors with darker barrel notes of cacao and espresso.
Oak extract, spearmint, espresso and mature plum aromas lead the nose on this simple, medium-bodied wine. The forward palate delivers overripe black berry fruit, vanilla and oak that finish on an almost sugary-sweet note. It's already evolved so drink soon.
Mature and a little waxy on the nose; this is a plump, fruity, semisoft wine with apple, pineapple and melon flavors. It's round and fairly mild, with plenty of taste, width and drinkability. Drink soon before it softens even further.
A step down from the superbly concentrated 2004, Matariki's Sauvignon features modest grapefruit flavors allied to racy acidity this vintage. Light and zippy on the palate, it's tart and refreshing.
Aromas of Spanish broom, yellow apple, pear, toast and French oak lead to an elegant if slightly lean palate. A mineral vein adds interest while fresh acidity brightens the finish.
While taut citrus is at the core of this dry, zesty Riesling, it has much more going on. Notions of peppery spice play around the edges, with glimpses of red and green apple. This is juicy and moreish, pure and totally refreshing. The dry finish accentuates the citrus zest.
Sweet raspberry jam, herb, green pea and vanilla caramel flavors mark this soft, simple Merlot. It's an easy sipper with a clean, spicy finish.
Flat on the nose, then almost identical on the palate, this blend of Malbec, Syrah and Bonarda tastes grassy, lightly green and weedy. Cherry and berry flavors are weak. Tasted twice with similar results.
Another beautiful Chardonnay from this fine vineyard and winery. The wine is drier than past vintages, but rich in acidity and minerals, with a complex array of pineapple, lime and Meyer lemon citrus flavor. Fermenting half the wine in stainless steel and the balance in oak, a third of which was new, seems to be the perfect approach.
This affordable wine is a testament to skilled sourcing and blending, using choice grapes from up and down the coast. Spicy cherry, forest and black tea aromas provide plenty varietal character, while medium-bodied weight and juiciness are lifted by bright acidity.
Soft toast, almond skin, wood-grilled peaches and honeydew aromas carry through to the rich mouth. Creamy and full with balanced acidity and a cedary finish. A blend of 85% Roussanne, 10% Grenache Blanc and 5% Viognier.
Few Cabs in the world are this ripe and balanced. It floods the mouth with flavors of cherries, red plums, licorice and mocha, along with sumptuous oak notes. It's delicious enough to drink now, but the firm tannins suggest 6–8 years of aging.
This is a ripe and lush white, with bold aromas and flavors of mango, papaya and pineapple. The palate is round and a bit flat, followed by a short finish. Drink up.
This hews to a leaner, minerally style remniscent of Chablis. It's bone dry and tart, with a streamlined mouthfeel, but there's nothing shy about the intense core of limes, kiwi fruits and Meyer lemons. A beautiful wine, whose modest alcohol level makes it particularly delicate.
Hogue puts bright, black cherry fruit in the nose, even though the wine is still a bit tight in the glass. It's not a big or bold style, but a very well-made, one should say well-crafted, wine and a fine value. It shows good structure and true varietal flavors, with a pleasing finish and dark, toasty tannins.
Another spectacular Dolce, which continues the brand's string of successes and further emphasizes its standing as one of California's greatest- white dessert wines. It lacks a touch of the concentration found in the 2006, but it dazzles nonetheless with intricate, sweet flavors of honey, butterscotch, golden-apricot nectar, orange marmalade, pineapple tart, vanilla and buttered toast. And all that is brightened by crisp acidity. Terrific to drink now, and it will hold in a proper cellar for a decade. The blend is 82% Sémillon and 18% Sauvignon Blanc.
A sweet, candy-like note appears at first and is followed by slight tones of yellow fruit and butterscotch. Yet this is a compact and linear sparkler that is pulled tightly together by the mineral notes that define it. It ends on a fruity but acidic note.
Smashed berries, honeyed coffee, leather, beef jerky, cola and black pepper show on the nose of this complex wine by the legendary Hearst family. The mouthfeel is medium-bodied, with lightly roasted coffee notes, touches of seared caramel, sesame oil and teriyaki and a base of dried black-plum fruit.
A beautiful sparkling wine, marked by an extremely fine texture that feels silky and smooth. The bubbles are very fine, so the wine lacks the roughness you usually find in bubblies of this price. It's a fruity drink, showing pineapples, tangerines and vanilla.
Waxy, minerally aromas include whiffs of butterscotch, peach pit and dusty apple. This is big and heavy on the palate, with just enough malic acid to keep it upright. Briny flavors of mustard and pickle finish with weight and the variety's patented lanolin character.
This spent 18 months in 100% new oak—rock star treatment for the winery's top cuvée. Toast, cherry pipe tobacco and spicy cherry cobbler flavors combine in a deep and potent wine that remains firmly tannic. Optimal drinking is 2018–2028.
Pretty fragrances and freshness characterize this popular Pinot Grigio with aromas of stone fruit, acacia flower and honeydew melon. It's a simple, easy wine with a thin consistency but those floral aromas help make it stand out in a crowd.
Made in a delicious, dry style, this has a vivid yellow-gold color, lemon and butter aromas, a touch of honey in the Bosc pear flavors and a creamy texture that leads to a long finish. Not much of this variety is made in California and the acreage is dwindling in Livermore Valley, so this bottling is a rare treat.
This is a pretty wine in terms of floral aromatics, resplendent shocks of orange blossom and orange peel inviting in their exotic freshness. Lime and orange follow on the palate, which is bristling in acidity, the finish light and bright.
This is an impressively dark, rich wine made from biodynamically grown grapes to give pure perfumed fruitiness over dense, dusty tannins. The wine has a mineral texture to balance the black currant fruits and generous ripeness. It does need to age: give it until 2018.
Maddelena has cornered the market on this style of Riesling. It's crisp, bright and pure in the way of Monterey whites, with peach, pineapple, honeysuckle and apricot flavors, and with 4.5% residual sugar, sweet enough to enjoy on its own,  with fresh fruit or even a fruit tart.
Jumpy and aggressive on the nose, with a mix of charred, burnt, meaty aromas and saline, this struggles to register. A grabby, sticky, roasted palate tastes burnt and herbal, while the finish is charred and chocolaty.
Merlot, Syrah and Cabernet Franc make up the majority of this blend. It displays directly appealing aromas and flavors of dried herbs, cherry, plum, woodspice and milk chocolate with a fleshy feel.
An attractively balanced wine, it comes across as soft and creamy while also having spice and an almond bite. With its tight lime acidity, it is just passing its first flush of youth and needs to age. Drink from 2016.
The wine is firm and solid while also having a strongly juicy character, with weight, rich blackberry fruits and a spicy element. It's full-bodied, adding a touch of pepper to the mix.
This elegant wine combines subtle nutmeg and cardamom aromas with crisp apple, bosc pear and mild vanilla-bean flavors. Its firm texture and lingering finish bring everything into balance, with no single element overpowering the others, making it a pleasure to sip.
The nose on this bottling is a tad fruit-punchy at first, with light red cherry and candied pomegranate aromas, but then picks up complexity with a leather note. The palate also offers that leather alongside tobacco and light elderberry fruit.
A terrific Cabernet that feels lush and important in the mouth. Just shows that classic Napa Valley elegance of tannins, with well-ripened fruity flavors of blackberries, currants and cedar. Maybe too soft for the long haul, but an impressive beauty now and for the next few years.
This is a juicy, medium-bodied wine that gushes with cherry and ripe plum flavors, and has an easy texture without much tannin. It's nice and smooth and easy to appreciate.
Yes, it is possible to find real Viognier character for $10 per bottle (conceivably $6 by the glass). Featuring ample fruit balanced by crisp acids, this is very drinkable stuff. This wine's modest pear and apricot aromas lack some of the flamboyance of top examples, but this is still a very good effort.
This is the highlight of an excellent lineup from Stemilt Creek. It brings the same smooth, round fruit forward flavors as the other wines, but adds in more details with citrus, olive and green tea flavors streaking through. The finish gets downright sexy, with a strong wash of chocolate and caramel. It's made for immediate enjoyment rather than cellaring.
Brambly smelling, with tomato, green herb and rhubarb aromas. Nervy and tight in the mouth, with minty, spicy flavors that keep any fruit character in the distance. Scratchy and tannic as well.
Clean, fruity and solid smelling, with a fresh, lightweight palate housing flavors of ginger, lime, lemongrass and powdered sugar. Easy on the finish. Textbook quaffing Cava if you like it a little sweet.
This wine has unusual, penetrating, floral aromatics and a liqueur-like character. It was fermented in a mix of new and neutral French oak, and a caramel character comes in as the wine breathes open. Citrus peel and floral flavors remain through an extended finish.
The ultimate in the Kracher lineup of sweet wines, this is destined to become a legend. It is hugely liquorous, intensely flavored with botrytis, honey, acidity, and enticing aromas of honeysuckle and sweet cottage garden flowers. Because this essence couldn't ferment above 4% alcohol, it is not allowed to be called wine, so is described as partially fermented grape must.
This intensely fresh red wine is a blend of Duras, Braucol and Syrah in a textured, stalky style that is tight and layered with tannins. It's certainly young, still bursting with fruit and needing to fill out as its tannins soften and its black currant fruit calms down. Then it will be a fascinating, complex wine, elegant and poised. Drink from 2018.
Cinnamon, pepper and black cherry aromas start this ageable blend of Shiraz, Merlot and Cabernet. Flavors of plum, clove, pepper and tobacco are intricate and need to time to soften in the bottle. Overall, assertive and offering a minerally lift that gives it food pairing appeal.
Blackberry, cocoa, pepper and a touch of herbs on the nose give this hearty red some muscle. The flavors of cocoa powder, slate, spicebox and cherry are clean and easy-drinking. Food-friendly, the wine will benefit from decanting and could use some time in the cellar.
This is 80% Cabernet Sauvignon blended with 16% Merlot and 4% Cabernet Franc. It shows a nice interplay of fruit and barrel with notes of cocoa, cherry, dry chocolate and toast supported by well-integrated tannins. The mid-palate still needs some time to fully come together but when it does, it will be a beauty.
Sweet and jammy on the nose, then clampy and grabby on the palate, with woody, tight-grained flavors of pepper and clove. Turns more narrow and even more clove-dominated on the finish. Has its merits and good structure, but the fruit is blanketed by forceful clove and hickory flavors.
Intense, fiery aromas of licorice, blackberry and marzipan are rooty and still a bit raw after years in bottle. This Malbec blend is lush and ripe, but blocky tannins show some bite. Flavors of black fruits and toasty oak finish even more blackened and toasty. Drink through 2021.
New wood aromas lead this toasty wine that has spice, high toast flavors and the smallest hint of fruit. If the producer had not been so enthusiastic with the oak, this could have been a good wine.
The price on the Ethos Reserve has dropped significantly, making it an especially good value for a full-on, toasty and buttery Chardonnay. A harmonious mélange of tree fruits and tropical nuances—papaya and banana stand out—with a smooth and luscious mouthfeel.
The name, Mineral, says everything you need to know about the texture of this wine. It is also rich, generous and ripe with apricot and melon flavors. This easygoing wine has a soft aftertaste that makes it drinkable now.
This opens with a lovely fragrance of perfumed berries, violets, incense and sweet cake spices. Cinnamon, clove and white pepper accent the succulent red cherry and wild raspberry palate. It's fresh and elegant, with a smooth texture and supple tannins. Drink 2016–2029.
This big Chardonnay, which was entirely barrel fermented, is tasting a bit too oaky. It was sourced from the winery's estate Carneros vineyard and shows that appellation's crisp acids, along with bright tropical fruit and spice flavors. But the sweet, charry vanilla and caramel from barrels tends to dominate.
87-89. Barrel sample. This is a soft and fruity wine, its acidity prominent and its tannins well behind. Not for aging.
De Bortoli's 2006 Estate Grown Pinot Noir lacks the bright fruit and user-friendliness of its Gulf Station or Windy Peak bottlings. Maybe it's too serious for its own good? This medium-bodied wine features leather, mushroom and molasses, and rather crisp acids as well.
First time we've rated this Albariño, and we love it, especially for the price. It's lightly honeyed on the nose, with accents of white pepper and peach. The palate is clean as a glass table, mildly creamy yet properly acidic. It's based on apple-pie flavors and the finish is long and plentiful.
This second wine of this estate is aged in tank, making it all bright, ripe berry fruit and juicy acidity. The tannins are still there as it's still aging. Give this attractive, fruity wine until late 2018 before opening.
This structured wine with good weight is full of smoky tannins, behind which lie rich red fruits. It has good potential, offering a future full of fruit as well as a more solid structure. Drink from 2018.
Nose is fairly closed, revealing light hay aromas with some airing. Its size is impressive—muscular, even—but showcases more wood than fruit. One reviewer found noticeable alcohol on the finish.
This is a plump—verging on corpulent—Pinot Gris, but one that avoids heaviness through decent acidity and a hint of tannin. Starts with fresh apples and melons, then adds a strong appleskin note, especially on the finish.
Densely tannic, this is also full of sweet berry fruits. Powerful and superripe, its fruit is beginning to integrate into the big, smoky, chocolaty structure. The finish shows both toast and juicy fruit notes. Keep for 3–4 years.
Jammy plum and berry aromas are tempered by notes of red fruits and currant. This is vibrant on the palate, with saucy red-plum and currant flavors that aren't overextended. Tomato and dry spice flavors mark the crisp finish.
The Zinfandel is sourced from Alder Ridge; the 22% Primitivo component from Stonetree. Fresh and lightly spicy, it features bright berry fruit with good focus and medium depth. Despite the relatively high alcohol, it seems sleek and moderate.
While dark and dusty on the nose with hints of mushroom and barnyard funk, there's a core of black cherry fruit and spice that reveals itself with extended aeration. Medium bodied with a lush, smooth texture, it finishes with a mouthful of coarse, grippy tannins.
This bottling by Foxen has been consistent over the years in producing a wine of great varietal purity. The 2012 vintage is a dry, crisply mouthwatering wine with gooseberry, grapefruit and peach flavors. Goat cheese comes to mind as the ideal pairing, perhaps in a salad of bitter greens and grapefruits.
Anise, fennel seed and laurel lead the bouquet of this blend, framed by fruity tones of small red cherry and plum. Made from 70% Syrah, 20% Mourvèdre and 10% Grenache, the palate is easy and approachable, with a lightness to the body and tannins and a quick yet clean close.
This is a very classy Shiraz with aromas of clay and earth, and  crisp plum and cherry fruit at its core. It's not a broad wine, yet it really does leave a powerful impression on the palate. Medium-sized and Old World in style; drink after 2008. Imported by Davies & Co.
Rich and oaky, this Chard has flavors of vanilla custard, caramel, butterscotch, pineapple jam, Meyer lemons and pear tart with the crust. It's a crowd-pleaser that will appeal to legions of Chardonnay lovers.
This offers aromas of ripe plum, black berry, fig, spice and underbrush. The palate delivers crushed black cherry layered with sweet baking spices and grilled herbs alongside firm tannins. This will be even better in 2015, but then drink it soon.
Lush and inviting on the nose, with blackberry, kirsch, lilac, licorice and balsamic notes, this bottling shows promise for the warmer side of the new Malibu appellation. It's soft on the palate, offering complex black plum skin, soy, loam and meat flavors, brightened with mint. Quite pricey, nonetheless.
The wine has all the potential of ripe fruit and firm tannins. It should become a rich wine with blackberry flavors and a tannic structure. Drink this wine from 2018.
This hearty Montepulciano d'Abruzzo from a relatively hot vintage (2005) offers loads of ripe, jammy fruit, plum and prune backed by exotic spice and black peppercorn. The wine shows solid, dark tannins on the close.
A step up in weight, texture and concentration from VM's Private Bin bottling, Cellar Selection is the middle tier of the company's Sauvignon Blancs. Delicate leafy characters mark the nose, but the emphasis is on the engaging gooseberry and pink grapefruit notes. Textures of silk and cream add richness to the palate, lingering on the mouthwatering finish.
A beautifully balanced wine that abounds in elegance and restrained richness, this wine offers enticing floral, almond and citrus aromas. The crisp, creamy palate brings nectarine zest, yellow apple, mineral notes and bread crust. Tight acidity and an intense, elegant perlage provide the framework. Drink now or hold for complexity.
There's fruit on the nose, but it's more sweet Hawaiian Punch than complex berry. Bright raspberry plus a vanilla extract note on the palate confirmed tasters' initial juicy impressions. It incongruously finishes rather dry, with cedar and metal notes.
Nothing is understated here. This is a huge, brawny red wine with ripe cherry preserve, prune, chocolate fudge, smoke, tobacco, black pepper and resin-like notes that sees 16 months of oak aging. It's very ripe and concentrated, with velvety tannins and a smoky aftertaste.
This blend of Chardonnay, Grenache Blanc and Roussanne boasts upfront aromas of yellow peach, orange and honeydew, with just a touch of white florals. The round, slightly creamy palate offers additional notes of apple and white plum flesh, with ample acidity to keep the mouthfeel fresh and the finish clean. Well balanced and approachable now.
White flower, stone fruit, apple and bread crust aromas lead the nose. The fresh palate offers up yellow peach, candied lemon and hints of clove and white pepper alongside a vivacious perlage and brisk acidity.
The Mervisano Barbera d'Alba (that ages 15 months in oak) offers a deliciously ripe and rich array of spice, black fruit and blackberry. The wine shows dark, inky concentration with creamy fruit tones and warm smoothness on the finish. The acidity is present, but very well integrated.
There's something very fine and compelling about this Merlot-based Bordeaux blend. It's powerful in oak-inspired blackberry, black cherry and black currant flavors, but even more noteworthy is the quality of the tannin structure, which is firm and classic. Just feels rich and dramatic, with great weight and density. Give it a few years in the cellar to mellow, and it should develop for a decade or more.
Yeasty citrus notes dominate the nose while the palate is savory with chervil, sage and more yeast. A vein of crisp citrus acidity pulls it all together. The aftertaste lingers long with lemon zest.
Citrus and peach aromas lead with this semi-sweet wine from Vanju Mare, the wine region situated in southern Romania. In the mouth, the wine is lively and light with flavors of peach and citrus that are expressive, but still need a slight boost. Imported by Vidalco International, LLC.
A fine everyday wine. With its soft, velvety mouthfeel and luscious fruit, it's a good buy. The blackberry, cassis, plum, coffee, tobacco, leather and cocoa flavors are a little thin, but they finish dry and clean, with a scour of tannins.
This simple, lighter take on the variety belies its ripe fruit, the weight of the wine taking on girth as it goes. Black cherry, spicy cinnamon and toasted oak intermingle on the palate, before a medium-length finish.
Beautiful  green-plum flavored fruit shows how good Saint-Aubin can be. The vanilla flavors from wood fermentation and aging simply underline the pure, vivid flavors. Drink in three to 10 years.
Here's an easygoing Italian Chardonnay with intense aromas of banana and exotic fruit backed by firm structure and density. There is, however, a sour almond note on the close that is a bit too pungent and bitter.
The price keeps creeping up, but at least this is one Australian wine that consistently delivers vintage after vintage. The 2004 offers classic aromas of cassis, cinnamon and clove, with a touch of cracked pepper for good measure. It's full-bodied without going overboard, with a rich texture and a long, clean finish filled with complex spice notes. Good now, should be even better in 10 years.
Exceptionally fruity in raspberries and cherries, this Pinot shows finely-ground tannins that give it a distinguished texture. It's so forward in flavor that it may not be an ager, so drink up over the next three years.
A very nice Merlot whose pure cherry, red currant and cedar flavors are supported by rich, sturdy tannins. The finish is spicy and long. Great partner with steaks and chops, and the price is right.
Tastes surprisingly ripe—even overripe—with dark chocolate, prune and caramelized oak flavors. Yet the tannin-acid structure is pure Napa—fine and elegant.
This is a ripe and soft wine with pure apple and citrus fruit. It is crisp, juicy and bright with acidity and tangy orange zest flavors. The wine is ready to drink.
After opening with graham cracker, plum and ripe berry, the wine settles into a thick and heavy place that's rich but bordering on cloying. This is a heavy style of Malbec that tastes of ripe black fruits and herbs. It's toasty, full, thick as can be and long on the finish. Drinkable now but could use a couple of more years for everything to mesh.
More flavorful than the rather light color might indicate, this sophisticated wine has wonderful, complex aromas like leather, tea and chocolate. Vibrant flavors of raspberry and pomegranate partner with an appetizingly dry and slightly tannic texture. It is medium to full bodied.
Earthy, beefy, almost metallic aromas, then beefy, tamarind-like flavors make an exotic but rustic profile for this fascinating medium-bodied wine. The texture is rather lean and a tasty sour-cherry character develops on the finish.
Sort of a second label from Pegasus Bay, Main Divide's 2005 Riesling is made in a slightly sweet style that recalls some weighty Rheingau spätlesen. Baked apple and clover-blossom honey are perked up by the addition of lime and petrol. Drink now.
This wine is a blend of Dionysus Cabernet Sauvignon and Benches Merlot (25%). Aromas of cedar, savory herb, barrel spice and cherry are followed by plush yet tart cranberry flavors. The finish lingers.
A thin wine that is all dry tannins and not enough fruit. It is lightweight with just a hint of juiciness.
Nice structure on this dry, smooth Cab, which is made in the modern cult style of soft, immediate likeability. The blackberry, cassis, cherry and oak flavors are appealing. But at this price, you have a right to demand more depth and complexity.
This very ripe, slightly stewed wine runs right at you with full-out fruit flavors, soft and open. Soft at first, it turns tannic in the back end and finishes with somewhat cooked flavors and plenty of toasty new oak.
Mas des Bressades is one of the standard-bearers of Costières de Nîmes, and this rosé is a perennial favorite. Red berries and cherries lead the way, wrapped around a core of citrus acidity. It's light to medium in body, with a pleasantly silky feel to the finish.
Soft and rich wine, its perfumes and sweet tannins part of a powerful concentration of rich fruit and wood. Chocolate, black fruits and dry spice are additions to the dense, opaque texture.
Cherry, chocolate and marshmallow aromas need some airing to show their best. This feels plump but also jumpy and nervy, with no shortage of intensity. Lightly spicy tomato, plum and cherry flavors finish long and dry.
This light-bodied wine is quite unusual, as it's a rosé made from Nebbiolo grapes. It has a pinkish-copper color, peachy aromas and Rainier cherry flavors on a smooth texture. It's not too high in acidity, has a fairly broad mouthfeel and a hint of sweetness.
Fenouillet is better for its Beaumes de Venise, but this is a silky, supple charmer, a blend of 60% Grenache, 35% Syrah and 5% Carignan that's round yet tender in the mouth, delivering ample cherry fruit. Drink now–2014.
Herbaceous and brambly on the nose and palate, Wölffer's Estate Merlot is concentrated in red plum and cherry fruit but lean in structure, with lively acidity and a softly tannic finish. It drinks well now, but it could benefit from decanting.
Founded in 1909, the historic Luigi Righetti estate offers a wine with much of the intensity and personality of more expensive Amarone wines. It opens with dark concentration and deep aromas of candied fruit, blackberry and spice.
Unmistakably Sauvignon Blanc, it carries notes of herbs, citrus and guava. It's lightly spritzy and drinks dry with mouthwatering citrus flavors. Try it with shellfish.
This fresh, cherry-flavored wine is full of fruit. It has bright tones, highlighted by acidity and a crisp texture. This is a wine to drink young, still fruity and perfumed.
Aromatic notions of peach precede a fresh, light and easy-drinking palate with zesty acidity.
From arguably the finest sweet wine vineyard in the Loire, here is a wine that is deceptively fresh on first taste. Then the huge richness kicks in, balanced with blood oranges, white fig and pear flavors, and a mineral character. Complex, this needs many years to develop; superb.
The wood and alcohol seem to get out front of aromas of plum, raspberry and medicine cabinet. Flavors are sweet and concentrated with a tart, cranberry-filled finish. A lot of good things are going on but they don't quite seem to all come together.
Ripe Alvarinho gives a wine that is rich as well as crisp and dry. This wine, with its hints of apricot as well as citrus fruits has a piercing line of acidity along with the tangy texture and ripe aftertaste. It is ready to drink.
The tannins are mountain tough, the acidity is just fine, and the flavors, well, how can you describe their power? Massive in blackberry essence and cassis liqueur, it has a tangy, minerally lick of granite that must come from the soil. Start enjoying it in 2018.
This is a soft ripe wine that has yellow fruits alongside crisper red apples and touches of grapefruit. That makes for a balanced light wine that has a fine texture and a fresh aftertaste. Drink now.
Registers a bit medicinal on the nose with hints of blackberry leaf and red plum along with a faint nuance of pickling juice. Light and round in the mouth with a cherry Jolly Rancher sweetness on the finish.
Clear, well-defined varietal scents of pepper, licorice and boysenberry cut through, with a hint of fresh-cut tobacco. A substrate of granite underscores this ripe, supple, medium-long wine with good grip and a polished mouthfeel. Drink 2015 through 2020.
Vanilla and fresh lumber notes lead the way, but gardenia and stone fruits emerge in the mouth and lead to a long, creamy finish remniscent of a peach milkshake. A final kick of acidity keeps the whole thing balanced.
This gentle, lightly off-dry Riesling was fermented primarily in neutral oak, which seems to have softened the entry without impacting the flavors. Aromatic highlights of honeysuckle and orange marmalade introduce a full palate with a complex fruit mix including raspberry, citrus and orange. The finish brings an impression of cotton candy.
This fortified wine is made in a Port style by a California producer who has mastered the craft of fermenting Portuguese grape varieties over several decades. It is sweet and fortified, but also elegant, well balanced and not cloying. Nicely concentrated plum and chocolate flavors lead to a vivid, lingering finish.
The Tavel cave cooperative also bottles wine from neighboring Lirac. This is an attractive, creamy-textured, supple wine that's ready to drink. Black cherries, dark chocolate and spice box notes finish soft and plush. Drink now–2019.
Not a successful vintage for the winery's Sangiovese. The wine is a bit unripe, with flavors of green vegetable, cherry and white pepper.
This Brunello has an edgy, raw feel that translates into aromas of white cherry, wild raspberries and violets. It's a streamlined and traditional wine with a vibrant, buoyant personality topped by sharp acidity and firm tannins. Pair it with creamy or cheesy dishes.
White peach, sea salt, pecan, guava and the slightest hint of sour cream show on the nose of this bottling from the family that owns Bien Nacido Vineyard. It's light and delicate on the sip, with stone-fruit and tangerine-laced citrus flavors held up by a pithy structure and acid that rises toward the finish.
This blend of 48% Roussanne, 35% Marsanne and 17% Viognier is delightfully drinkable, viscous and fresh in steely acidity. With beautifully potent floral aromas, it shines in focused pear and apricot flavors.
Super-fruity and oaky, this blend of Cabernet, Syrah and Merlot is almost as sweet as a dessert wine. It tastes like melted cherry and raspberry jam, sprinkled with roasted almonds, honey, cocoa and cinnamon.
Take two somewhat obscure, often-overlooked grapes, make a 50-50 blend, and voila—magic. Peppery, fruity, grapey, loaded with berries and dotted with spice, this delicious bottle has “summer” written all over it. Pour it at any barbecue and wait for the applause.
This ripasso is penalized by the quality of its oak shadings, which seem burnt and raw instead of soft and yielding. The wine imparts bitter tannins and resin-like flavors of dried fruit and figs. Imported by Bedford International.
This soft, rounded wine has attractive ripe white-stone-fruit flavor. It also has a rich, spicy side, with light hints of wood that give it a mellow character. The wine is developing well and will be ready from 2017.
Briary berry and cassis aromas are spicy and solid. In the mouth, this Carmenère is raw and tartaric in feel. Salty plum, coffee and herbal green flavors finish about the same, with a note of cured meat and residual acidic tang.
This is a rich, oaky Chardonnay, sweet and refined. With ripe orange, tropical fruit, apricot and buttered toast flavors, it rises above mere sweetness with a firm minerality and a fine squirt of lime acidity.
It was inevitable that a producer would play on the name of the appellation Saint-Amour when naming his wine. Luckily, the wine itself is delicious and charming. With just the right tannic structure to sustain the berry fruits, it's rounded, ripe and fruity. That structure will allow it to age, but it is ready to drink now.
Crisp with brisk acidity, yet bright with citrus and yellow fruit, this wine shows structure as well as warmth. It's a textured wine that can age over the medium term. Drink now–2018.
Crisp and elegant, this offers alluring scents of white spring flower and yellow stone fruit. The bright linear palate mirrors the nose, offering yellow pear, crunchy apple, white almond and a citrusy note alongside vibrant acidity.
A slightly orange shade of pink, this rosé offers faded notes of strawberry, cooked plum, melon and orange peel on the nose. The palate mingles light, tart red fruit and fresh citrus.
Tonic and lean with a nearly transparent color and lively perlage, this non-DOC Prosecco offers candy-like aromas of butterscotch and lemon soda. There's an interesting touch of crushed white peppercorn in there as well and this well-priced wine would make a perfect match to appetizers and finger foods.
Unripe green notes of leaves detract from this wine's enjoyment. It's crisp in acidity, with some pure Meyer lemon, lime and fig flavors, but that vegetal note is bothersome.
Simple and sweet, this blush wine has sugary flavors of citrus fruits and vanilla.
One of the new generation of regional wines, this Grüner Veltliner exhibits all the open flavors of the variety, with some spice and pepper, pear skin texture and a fresh, flowery acidity. Drink this summer. Screwcap.
Round and succulent, this nicely-defined Chardonnay is built around a core of apple butter with a slight suggestion of pineapple. A streak of butterscotch fills in the finish.
Light in body, with flavors of cherries, cola, mint and peppery spices, this Pinot is dry and silky. It has a sharpness through the finish that suggests a bit of unripeness or stemminess.
This iconic Chilean Cabernet is firm on the nose, with cola, cassis, cherry and leather aromas. It's racy, juicy and powerful, with flavors of cassis, blackberry, plum, nutmeg and coffee that swim in harmony. This is big, but also elegant and clean. Drink through 2019.
Unconventional, with some briny notes to the musky nose that also brings with it honey and lychee. Pretty solid across the palate, where tangerine and melon flavors are sweetened by a shot of guava. Not the easiest wine to wrap yourself around, but not without its virtues. Imported by Morandell Imports.
The crispest Aligoté, all grapefruit and bright green fruits. The wine is fresh, clean and lively. There is a final light element of wood.
Another distinctive wine from Marcel Deiss, this one offers up piercing aromas of spice and lemon-scented furniture polish. Braced for piquancy, the palate instead receives an oily coating of sweet pear and pineapple flavors. Long on the finish, though it does show a touch of alcoholic warmth.
This refreshing white opens with aromas that recall honeysuckle, citrus and ripe orchard fruit. On the palate, rich flavors of white peach, yellow apple and pear are balanced with fresh acidity. A note of bitter almond closes the finish.
Saucy and intense up front, this offers cheesy, grainy oak aromas along with stalky cassis and plum scents. Raw, choppy and fairly high in acidity, this tastes briny, herbal and woody, but also like raspberry and plum. Oak and herbal flavors carry the finish.
Pear, white flower and crushed herb aromas jump out of the glass. The fresh savory palate offers creamy white peach, apple and a hint of nectarine zest while a mineral note lends energy.
A clear pedigree wine, this elegant Barbaresco offers notes of mature berry, cola, coffee and cedar wrapped around drying, firm tannins. Cellar age it two or three more years and pair it eventually with a sophisticated dish such as quail and wild rice.
There are strongly spicy aromas to this gentle Gewurztraminer. It's off dry, keeping some acidity amid the ripe lychee and nutmeg flavors. It's an approachable wine, ready to drink now.
Not particularly Petite Sirah-like, because it's not a big, huge, tannic wine that needs a long time to come around. But it is a marvelously good red for drinking now at a fair price. Drily tannic and polished, it has deep flavors of fresh, crushed ripe blackberries and cherries, with a delicious edge of pepper and chocolate.
Dark and just a touch herbal and green on the nose, but overall it's a pretty, beefy blend of Syrah (60%), Cabernet and Merlot that should win over even the most discerning of critics. The palate is balanced and features a rich, comfortable feel. And the finish is crisp but also long and rewarding. For $12 there's not much you can gripe about.
From the vineyard high up on Atlas Peak comes this delicious, well-made wine. At more than four years of age, it's still fairly tannic, but fresh and accessible in blackberry and cherry fruit. Just beginning to dry out and show mellow bottle age. A lovely, masculine wine that should develop over the next six years.
There is a slight prickle on the tongue with this young wine. It's fruity and has some concentration from the 50-year-old vines. It's also totally dry and very crisp, with a delicious cut of acidity to partner that shellfish.
A piercingly delicious, apples and cream wine. It has the youthful freshness of Chenin Blanc, its texture rounded with a great bright acidity. Almonds are a glint in the background. Drink now, or age for 4–5 years.
Ripe and smoky, this has attractive acidity to balance the warm, red fruits, with a layer of supportive tannins. It is light, fruity and will be ready to drink from 2016.
Dalila is a relatively new product from Stemmari (formally known as Feudo Arancio) thats a blend of Grillo (80%) and Viognier. The first grape gives the wine a fresh, piquant feel and the second adds aromas of white flower and honey.
This Bulgarian red blend is composed of 40% Cabernet Sauvignon, 40% Syrah and 20% Merlot. It has aromas of black cherry and eucalyptus and flavors of black pepper and black cherry.
Featuring a complex blend of cherry fruit, herbal overtones and hints of cinnamon and green peppercorns, this is exciting just to smell. Then similar flavors unroll across the palate, which is full, round and welcoming. For all its complexity, this is easy to drink, which should make it appealing to experts and novices alike. Drink now–2011.
This white will appeal greatly to those who prefer stainless-steel treatment, with its tangle of sour apple, sharp acidity and full but not heavy texture. It gets better in the glass, softening that sharpness and tang, opening up to elements of melon and lime.
91-93 Barrel sample. Firm tannins, with some extract, bitter chocolate, dark coffee, almost dry tannins, very dense in character.
Loamy blackberry aromas shows a touch of spice and leather. Raw and scratchy on the palate, this tastes of baked plum with herbal accents. A short, resiny finish feels a bit rubbery.
Fresh, tropical, and welcoming. Sweet and lush in the mouth with a full blast of mango and melon flavors. Medium-bodied with good acidity. Finishes correct and everything seems to be united and put together. Above-average value Chardonnay from Argentina.
With the rough edges and firm tannins of Listrac, this is a wine that will likely always be firm. Dominated by Cabernet Sauvignon, it has a black currant skin flavor, some wood influence and a dry texture. It may not age further, always staying tannic and solid.
This is a full-bodied, ripe and perfumed wine. Rich melon and white peach are balanced with bright lemon and lime to give a warm, generous wine. The acidity keeps everything deliciously in place.
This is an astounding wine for the price, a blend of 56% Cabernet Sauvignon, 22% Merlot and 22% Cabernet Franc. Sinewy, it's taut in currant, clove and tobacco alongside generous structured tannin. The blackberry takes on a rich depth of chocolate mocha on the lengthy memorable finish.
A marvelous vintage for Freedom Hill, this high-acid Pinot is loaded with black cherry fruit. Rich, ripe, full, tart and penetrating, it might seem one-dimensional at first, but it has such excellent focus and depth that the fruit simply rocks. The finish weaves in threads of smoke and mocha, but this is a wine to cellar for a couple more years at least.
A deliciously fruity rosé, brimming with smiling red-berry flavors and enhanced by a lime-like tang. It is just what a light summer rosé should be. Screwcap.
This smells candied and oddly citrusy, with unusual blueberry and exotic spice aromas. The mouthfeel is fresh and grabby, while the flavors of raspberry and vanilla are generally appealing and alert. Short on the finish.
For a big-production, small-price Cabernet it would be hard to find much better than this, a smooth, round and lush Cab with some of Cab Franc's herbaceousness (though only Petite Sirah and Petit Verdot have been blended in), cherry, plum and rhubarb.
Spice, cherry cola and dried lavender emerge from the nose of this classy Riserva. The wine has elegance, harmony and a long finish thanks to the quality of its fruit and the natural acidity. Pair it with lasagna or meat-filled ravioli.
This honeyed spicy Spätlese seems straightforward in fruit, but its racy, nerve-tingling energy is electrifying. Fresh apple and pears are revitalized by streaks of lemon, lime and grapefruit that linger through a moderately long finish.
Valbuena is Vega Sicilia's so-called second wine, and this vintage is elegant and lithe. To equate it to Burgundian Pinot Noir is not a stretch, seeing that the nose is earthy and dry, with fresh flowers, leather and tobacco aromas. The palate is light and full of finesse, with airy cranberry, earth and cherry flavors. From a poor vintage, this is more than admirable. A Europvin, Christopher Cannan selection, imported by multiple importers, including Michael Skurnik Wines.
This is an outstanding wine with a long list of adjectives to describe the bouquet: black olive, mesquite wood, black currant, anise, licorice, clove, dried sage and leather all play a role. There's intensity and complexity here and the wine offers smooth tannins backed by lingering notes of mineral and spice.
Structured wine, very perfumed, the aromas reflecting the delicious mix of black cherry, damson and spice flavors. The wine then shows strong tannins and a firm texture.
Winemaker: Boela Gerber. This is rich and oaky upfront, with forward scents of honeydew, orange creamsicle, pineapple cake and vanilla bean. Those notes carry through to the medium-bodied palate, alongside notes of wood-grilled peach and toasted walnut that are carried along by a bright seam of orange-flavored acidity. Some time in the cellar will allow the oak to further integrate with the ripe fruit tones; drink 2018–2022.
If you like some green herbaceousness in your Cabs, which some say makes them more Bordeaux-like, this is for you. It's very dry and somewhat tannic and extremely elegant, with oak-inspired blackberry, cherry, currant and spice flavors. A lovely, upscale restaurant wine.
89—91 Barrel sample. A delicious ripe wine, balanced with some fresh, crisp fruit. There are excellent fruit flavors and some lively acidity. The whole is packaged in a covering of light botrytis.
So-called because the vineyard resembles the wings of a butterfly (papillon), this is the top Baumard Savennières cru. It has richness, a touch of caramel, but an intense mineral, green plum and citrus character that gives it structure and ageability. Screwcap.
Talenti's Rosso di Montalcino delivers impressive intensity and aromatic complexity. You'll get notes here of cherry, wild berries, wet earth, violets and exotic spice. The wine is silky and rich on the palate and leaves loads of cherry flavors on the close.
Bright, deep purple in color, this is a dry, firm wine, but one suffused with sweet black berries, fresh acidity and a gorgeous juicy texture. It has a definite mineral touch to go with the vivid fruits.
This is a soft wine, with attractive acidity and clean green-fruit flavor. The wine is crisp, with green apples dominating the mineral texture. Screwcap.
This is the freshest of the sweet wine produced by Henri Ramonteau at Cauhapé. It is a lively, fruity wine, full of refreshing acidity as well as pineapple, apricot and honey flavors. The end shows a touch of spice. Drink now.
This is a blend of Alvarinho and Loureiro, two of the most emblematic grapes of the Vinho Verde region. The wine is crisp, attractively fruity and light and poised. Drink now.
Aromas of earth, black cherry, cedar and blackberry precede full-bodied, layered fruit flavors with a long finish. It's a delicious, no-holds-barred offering of the variety.
Lush and velvety, this wine offers big, dark cherry flavor around a tangy minerality. From three vineyard blocks planted to Pommard and Swan clones, it balances opposites in the way full-bodied luxuriousness meets acidity-driven juiciness, creating a desire for more. Let this wine open in the glass or cellar through 2023.
Simple, dry and acidic, this has raspberry and red currant flavors as well as an underripe note.
Air-dried Moscato Giallo grapes are pushed to the extremes in terms of their intensity and staying power. This opulent selection offers thick layers of candied fruit, apricot, honey, caramel and marzipan. The flavors are delicious and long-lasting.
A dry, soft wine that depends on richness to get by, at the expense of structure. Raspberries, cherries, mocha, cinnamon and pepper are the flavors of this blend of Grenache, Syrah, Counoise and Mourvèdre.
I've recommended this wine in previous vintages and the 2000 is another fine example. There's a fair degree of sweetness (17g/L residual sugar) but it's balanced by a slight pétillance and zesty acidity. Ripe peaches and pears turn to oranges and limes on the finish.
Cherry and black plum aromas are oaky and smoky. Full, blocky and a bit awkward on the palate, this Garnacha tastes of minty, oaky clove, roasted plum and black currant. A saucy, semi-oaked finish is solid enough.
A delightful spray of cherry blossoms meanders from nose to finish in this standout Pinot Noir sparkling. Elegantly mouthfilling, it showcases whisper-soft cherry and plum flavors against a dazzling backbone of acidity and minerality. Grace and power synchronize through a long, long finish.
Fudge, smoked blackberries and a shred of asphalt show on the nose of this bottling from the longtime Paso producer. The density is seriously thick but not overblown, with brighter cherry and fresh blueberry fruit elements that lean against a tannic edge, flecked with black pepper and espresso bean.
The nose is very shy, giving little away apart from slight citrus. Everything happens on the palate, with tender but ripe pear fruit gently edged with zesty citrus. A tingle of white pepper along the lemon peel creates a vividly fresh but light wine. It's clean and totally refreshing, with a long finish.
Concentrated and luscious, this has notes of dried apricot and fig, with a dense texture reminiscent of honey and orange marmalade. It has a strong mineral structure that melds with the ripe generosity. Savor this intense wine alone at the end of a meal or with blue cheese.
Red cherry, strawberry and black-pepper aromas follow through to the simple rustic palate along with hints of cured meat and bitter almond. It's vivacious, with lively acidity.
A bit of apple, a bit of citrus, a bit of toast—things are just hinted at in this frothy sparkler which would make an ideal, dry-finishing but lively party wine.
Earthy on the nose with aromas of sun-dried hay, foliage and a high toned black cherry note. Significant aeration softens grassy aromas to reveal a red berry palate marked with bright acidity, but the finish is aggressive with rough, gripping tannins.
Sweet and light, just 10% alcohol, it's close to a late harvest dessert wine. There is just enough acidity to keep it on the dinner table, with spicy noodle dishes perhaps. Sugary and simple.
Merlot (55%) and Cabernet Sauvignon (40%) make up the majority of this wine with the balance Malbec. Vanilla, barrel spice and dark-fruit aromas are followed by saturated black-fruit flavors that linger. The oak gets a bit out-front but the wine still has much to offer.
This is a savory Zin with a leathery coffee tone that's also delightfully fresh and marked by red fruit notes. Cerebral, with noticeable acidity and a long finish, the wine is reminiscent of a fine bottle of crème de violette, flowery—yet rich.
Aromas of melon, fennel, hay and tomato vine float out of the glass. The crisp, creamy palate offers white peach, lemon and Mediterranean herb alongside fresh acidity. A mineral note energizes the finish.
You wouldn't call this wine “clean and polished.” It has some old country brett along with fig, earth, mushroom and liqueur on the nose. That said, it's dishing up heavy servings of chocolate and baked berry pie flavors. A big, bulky wine that's already losing clarity. This won't be for everyone.
Easily worth the price for its luxurious texture, fine structure and intricate layers of flavor. Dry and softly tannic, the wine shows complex notes of blackberries, cherries, pomegranates, chocolate, coffee, leather, black pepper and anise. Now through 2010.
This has the acidity to complement the 7.2% residual sugar, but it flattens out in the mouth. As a result, it loses the freshness, and feels a little dull, leaving a sugary aftertaste.
Every kind of pepper, from green to red to jalapeño, is present on the nose, along with red plum and spice aromas. Feels tight and zesty, with Italian-leaning flavors of tomato, oregano and basil along with cassis and strawberry. Crisp and agile on the finish, but tastes green.
Made in a Super-Tuscan style with 49% of the blend Sangiovese (the rest 33% Cab Sauvignon, 16% Merlot, 1% Zin and 1% Syrah) this wine is big, meaty and savory with sweet tannins and vanilla laced throughout while still balanced enough to be a good choice with red meat and red sauce.
A little bramble and pickle on the nose tells us that this may never have gotten 100% ripe and over the top. Still, we admire and are intrigued by this Alicante blend of 70% Cabernet Sauvignon and 15% each of Syrah and Merlot. Feelwise, it's a little bit chunky but hardly fat, and the flavors are plummy, red and a touch sharp in the middle. Drink now.
Reduced on the nose, with blueberry, boysenberry and syrupy aromas that reflect the 55% Malbec in this Malbec-CS-Syrah blend. The palate is rich but flat, with dark flavors of black fruits, blueberrry and black licorice. Chunky and a little off the grid, but still good for a bulky wine.
My bottle was sulfury on opening, but it blew off quickly. Then the wine revealed itself as very soft and somewhat simple, although dry. It shows modest flavors of ripe crushed summer blackberries and pepper.
This is a nice, smooth Merlot, perfect for everyday drinking. It's dry and rich in tannins, with blackberry, currant, smoked meat and oak flavors.
Unique and expressive, this blend of Nero d'Avola and Frappato is aged in clay amphorae and represents a milestone product in the growing natural wine category. It offers polished sensations of forest berry, cassis and spice, plus a touch of earthiness from the clay and loads of bright acidity on the finish.
Sweet oak tones frame the black cherry and currant fruit in this wine, with notes of mocha and raspberry sauce atop. The velvety texture offers good tannic grip, while ample acidity helps to keep the palate fresh and the finish lifted. Drink now.
Touches of autumn leaves and dried herbs lend a savory feel to this dry and tightly composed Riesling. Bracing acidity and savory apple and pear flavors mark the palate.
This Coombsville-grown 100% Cabernet is just beginning to lose its primary bottle characteristic and develop secondary ones. The flavors of blackberries and cherries are drying out, turning subtle and leathery, leaving a rich palate of mocha and wood spice. It seems on a nice glidepath to gradually transform over the next six years.
Streaks of wax and lanolin meld into tart pineapple and white peach notes in this dry, elegantly mineral Pinot Gris. The palate balances juicy, fresh fruit with a steely, focused acidity that's refreshing and invigorating.
Oaky. A bit backward, closed. Lots of primary fruit varietal character in the aroma. Coffee, smoke, ash, cedar. In the mouth, potent blackcurrants, cassis, massive middle. Wonderful tannins, rich, ripe, sweet. The finish is long and intense. 2006-2020.
Lightly hued and luminous, this opens with aromas of wild cherry, blue flower, chopped herb and a balsamic note. The structured, refined palate offers dried cherry, ripe strawberry, white pepper, cinnamon and a hint of clove set against a backbone of firm, polished tannins. Drink 2018–2026.
A Syrah-based wine made by Cortes de Cima's Danish owner, Hans Kristian Jorgensen, in homage to the famous Danish writer of fairy stories. It is weighty, rich, ageworthy and ripely fruity. It is packed with firm tannins as well as blackberry acidity. Keep for 3–4 years.
A blend of Atlas Peak and Howell Mountain, this elegant wine has all the qualities that make it classic Napa Cab. Balance is the key, with ripe, dusty tannins, sweet new oak, acidity and black currants poised in dry equilibrium. Drink now, as it's a bit on the thin side, fruit-wise.
Straw yellow in color, this widely available wine offers vanilla, lemon curd, honeysuckle and a touch of browned butter on the nose. Once sipped, seared lemon and yellow apple show first, settling into a vanilla cream groove and finishing on a touch of marshmallow.
Fully caramelized in oak, this wine shows flavors of ripe baked apple and pear within a full-bodied, concentrated style that's completely satisfying. Well made and tasty, it finishes in a swirl of Tahitian vanilla and crème brûlée.
This vintage of Svelte is still rough around the edges, with chalky, slightly green tannins sticking out. The fruit seems to be hiding behind the earthy components, and some unusual flavors of bread dough and biscuit are also in the mix. This is a wine that's tough to sort out.
The alcohol is a bit too noticeable here, but overall this is a straightforward wine with nice mocha and spicy oak accents to the wild berry and red plum fruit frame. Drink now.
This is a terrific value in balanced, ready-to-drink Australian Cabernet. It brings several Bordeaux-ish qualities to the table—medium body, silky tannins and aromas reminiscent of cigar box and Ribena—then adds varietally true flavors and a long finish. Drink now–2025.
This wine has a touch of perceptible sweetness on its tropical nose, yet tastes dry, showing a straightforward approach to this crisp, coastal-grown variety. Apricot, melon and guava wrap around a lightness of body and texture.
This cherry-colored wine offers the nose baking spice, tart cherry and black peppercorns. It has a medium body with nice minerality and flavors of blueberry jam, tart cherries and dried violets.
Soft notes of mandarin and peach fill nose and palate of this fresh and fruit-driven wine. The body is light but full-fruited with a bruised-apple mellowness. It's dry, balanced and easy.
91-93 Barrel sample. A very ripe, soft wine, and a real pleasure to imbibe. There is perfumed fruit, while the tannins themselves are gentle, sweet, with only a touch of dryness to give the wine power. The acidity to finish gives the wine an attractive lift.
This soft wine feels fat and misses its fruitiness. It balances a food-friendly texture that brings out richness and weightiness. A wine that shows the sun.
While it may not be as spicy as some Alsace Gewürztraminer, this definitely shows soft, lychee qualities to go with its soft texture and light acidity. Its delicacy gives it the chance to be an apéritif wine as well as one for food.
Rustic, barnyard aromas give a wine that is tight with tannins and tough to handle. It is concentrated, very dry with only hints of rich black fruits. It will probably remain dense and tannic.
Robust and lusty, spicy and fruity, this has sweet berry and cola flavors. Drink it with savory fare, like pizza and barbecue.
This wine is a solid, stylish Meritage with assertive red fruit, a black pepper backbone and plenty of structure for aging. A touch of oaked spice adds dimension. A good overall red to pair with hearty winter fare.
The vineyard is one of the youngest at the winery, and the flavors reflect that, with bright, fruity, forward raspberry notes. It's lightly spiked with sweet baking spices, and makes a perfectly delicious choice while waiting for some of the winery's bigger, bolder 2012s to age a bit further.
While the nose is quite neutral, the palate of this off-dry Riesling boasts ripe, concentrated peach and apricot flavors bolstered by sunny lemon acidity. Juicy and mouthwatering, it's a lively sip to be enjoyed young.
A lean and energized style of wine from David Ramey, this has lots of zesty and focused citrus aromas and flavors, a very crisp texture and clean, tangy finish. It is ideal as an apéritif or will pair nicely with seafood and salads.
There is an oaky toastiness to the nose of this bottling, which shows light browned butter, honeysuckle and struck match aromas. Its barrel ageing shows prominently on the palate, brightened by lemon peel-like acidity and a finish that combines butter with tang. Toasted croissant notes fill out the midpalate.
Aromas of toast, coffee, herb and red fruit are followed by generous coffee and cherry flavors. The tannins bring a touch of grit but it retains an overall pretty appeal.
A good, hearty, substantial Lemberger, brimming with plush boysenberry fruit dotted with black pepper. It's broadly tannic, certainly one of the best Lems in Washington.
Grippy in sizably powerful mountain tannins, this wine is at first difficult to penetrate and will benefit from further cellaring, through 2022. In the shadows lurk full-bodied hits of floral violet and earthy cedar, with a tease of beautifully bittersweet chocolate.
Mature dark-skinned berry, forest floor, spice rack, chopped mint, eucalyptus and graphite are some of the aromas you'll find on this structured red. The chewy, full-bodied palate doles out black raspberry, juicy wild cherry, licorice and dried herb alongside tightly packed but ripe tannins. Best 2019–2026.
At the equivalent of $4.50 per regular bottle, this Merlot is a pretty good buy. It's a little rough and peppery, but the dryness helps, and so does the hint of cherry-berry fruit.
Pretty good for the price, with ripe cherry, raspberry and oak flavors. Fine for burgers, pasta with sausages or pork buns. The blend is Cabernet, Merlot and Petite Sirah.
Despite the extra bottle age, it's a very youthful, dense wine. The Malbec is battened down with spicy purple fruit flavors and compact tannins. The balance is acid-driven, and the presence of new oak is muted. Will the tannins soften before the fruit fades? It's worth socking a bottle or two away to find out.
90–92. Barrel sample. Attractive and fruity, a wine that has soft texture with light touches of botrytis. It's warm and rich, with a fine final texture of dryness and acidity.
Named after the entry to the luxury Calçada hotel in Amarante in southern Vinho Verde, this fragrant, fresh and fruity wine is just off dry. It has a good balance of fruit, tangy texture and acidity. Drink now.
Oak, toast and scorched soil aromas lead the nose along with a whiff of dry underbrush. The assertive, robust palate shows dried cherry, licorice and the heat of evident alcohol alongside bracing tannins that leave an astringent finish. While the tannins need time, this lacks the fruit richness to stand up to lengthy aging.
This traditional method sparkling rosé is soft, rounded with strawberry fruit. There is a bitter almond edge to it that spoils its otherwise fruity character.
This wine needs time to open, offering a dense and reduced imprint at the beginning which blows off to reveal a succulent core of smoky maraschino cherry. It's medium in body, well integrated and moderate in oak.
This wine is fat, fruity and creamy, with just a touch of minerality. Its ripe fullness lends plenty of depth and concentration, within a lightly structured frame. Drink from 2018.
This wine's silky-smooth nose blends aromas of cherry pastries and cinnamon donut with black gravel and gingerbread. The palate is grippy with tannins that add mouthfeel but not a ton of structure, offering flavors of dense strawberry and tar.
Vines on steep slopes leading down to the Gironde estuary give this estate a good exposure. This wine is structured and laced with firm tannins. It has a balanced character that will allow it to age further, although the black-currant flavors are beginning to shine. Drink from late 2016.
Hailing from an extreme coastal vineyard, this 100% stainless steel aged bottling expertly captures that racy freshness. The nose offers rounder cider and apple juice notes, accented with brown pear and clove, but the palate is even more intriguing: nervy acidity, chalky, limestone-like grip and lean Asian pear flavors.
Only the second Cabernet release from this famous (as Schramsberg) bubbly house. This is a dense, dry, tannic mountain Cabernet, rich and long in blackberry fruit. It's drinkable and probably at its best now due to soft acids.
Aromas like cherry candy and butterscotch, and almost-sweet flavors make this deeply colored, sleek-textured wine easy and fun to drink. It feels lightly tannic but stays velvety smooth.
Ripe and fruit forward. Strong notes of berry preserves and juicy black plum are laced with notes of purple flowers and sweet smoked meat. Medium weight with soft tannins and a clean finish. Drink now.
Crisp in citrus, with noticeable tension that softens in the glass, this wine offers tremendous value and elegance. Medium bodied and well integrated in terms of oak and power, it has a lovely note of preserved lemon on the finish.
A soft wine with flavors of red berries, canned strawberries and a structure that seems more red wine than Champagne. It's a curious hybrid, starting with too much tannin and leaving some astringency. Maybe bottle age will help.
A good, clean Pinot that shows cool-climate acidity and dryness, and long hangtime raspberry, cherry and cola flavors. It's on the simple side, but a lovely wine to drink now.
This 100% varietal is completely made with fruit from Red Mountain Vineyard. Brightly aromatic, the wine offers notes of cherry cordial, black licorice and vanilla, with the volatiles amped up but just in check. It's rich, high-octane and liquorous with abundant cranberry flavors.
A lovely, complex example of why McLaren Vale Grenache deserves more of our attention. Like the last days of summer, this wine smells of drying flowers still on their stalks. Tart cherries, dried leaves, and medicinal herbs come through on the palate, which finishes smokey, like the dying embers of the last barbecue of the season.
A simple, white fruited wine. Its texture is light, bright, the acidity coming from a touch of wood and apple and cream fruits. Easy drinking, ready to go.
Made from 100% Cabernet, this wine is very extracted and jammy, in the modern style of extreme ripeness and fruit-forwardness. Sweet oak, 70% of it new, adds layers of cream, vanilla and buttered toast. Appeals now for its juicy, New World style.
Puteus is a bold, jammy wine with power, intensity and mature flavors of black cherry and blackberry. It makes a big impression in the mouth and ends with a fresh note of sour cherry on the close.
Made from 80% Cabernet Sauvignon and 20% Petit Verdot, this is a ripe and lush wine that boasts big, jammy black-fruit aromas and flavors. Touches of licorice and sage add depth to the palate, while a soft toasty accent lingers on the medium-length finish.
The label says it: fermented in barrel. And one sniff delivers the buttery, toasted character of a Burgundy or California Chardonnay. Underneath the oak, there's fine acidity and blazing apple fruit, and once it finishes you get a finely baked aftertaste. An interesting, elevated mix of Treixadura, Godello, Loureira and Albariño.
Smells oaky and spicy, but it's almost shockingly lean in fruit. Tastes like oak-flavored alcohol, acids and tannins.
Produced from indigenous red varieties grown on the slopes of Mt. Olympus, the Rapsani Grand Reserve starts with voluptuous aromas of blackberry, spice box and liquorice, offering full-bodied flavors of black fruit and olive on the palate. The fruit is well balanced by a spice and mineral backbone. A very good red for lamb, dried meats or stews.
Aromas of black-skinned berry, baking spice and tilled soil lead the nose on this straightforward wine. The juicy palate delivers red plum, clove and a touch of cinnamon alongside round tannins. Enjoy soon.
These grapes are sourced from the relatively cooler region of Orange, and it shows in the wine's pear and citrus flavors. Hints of nuts (cashews, perhaps?) add complexity and style not often found in this price range. Crisp and clean on the finish, with refreshing citrus notes.
A blend of 50% Cannonau, 15% Bovale, 15% Carignano, 10% Monica and 10% Malvasia, this generous, vibrant rosato delivers intense fruit aromas of red cherry and black raspberry along with a whiff of spice. The fruit sensations follow through to the juicy palate while notes of chopped herb and white pepper provide back up. Fresh acidity lifts up the finish.
This easy 80-20 blend of Sangiovese and Merlot opens with a dark garnet hue and mature aromas of jammy fruit and spice. The wine shows power and grit and would pair with a cheesy pasta dish.
A lean, crisp style of Chardonnay, with citrusy flavors and a touch of honeyed development. Drink it over the next few months.
Full and warm aromas of bacon, moss and black fruits set up a round, solid palate with dark plum, berry, herb and olive flavors. Finishes more dry and savory than jammy and fruity, with a final dose of herbs.
At first high-toned, this opens nicely with crisp green apple fruit flavors. It's balanced and clear. Don't look for big, blowsy tropical flavors or buttery oak, though the barrel fermentation provides some texture to the finish. A great food wine.
Made with organically grown Chardonnay, this opens with aromas of chamomile, acacia and exotic fruit. The soft, round palate offers ripe yellow apple, vanilla and a hint of baking spices alongside a subtle mousse.
Very rich, ripe wine, full and round in character. It has spice from wood aging as well as almost-sweet yellow fruits. Pineapple acidity does give some balance to this powerful white wine.
93-95 Barrel sample. Huge black currant flavors, very ripe fruit, but also a great sense of balance, of proportion that give this wine both charm and impressiveness. It's going to age seriously, and well.
Review text not available at this time.
Thoroughly delicious, this seamlessly integrated, palate-coating Merlot matches pretty berry fruit to impressive barrel flavors. Coffee, toffee and chocolate are there in abundance, smoothing out dusty tannins and adding a suggestion of sweetness.
Bright onion skin pink wild strawberry flavored wine, with fine crisp acidity and a touch of caramel. The wine is light, fresh, fragrant, ready to drink.
Red currants, black cherry, bell pepper, mocha, black pepper and blue flower all meld together in this juicy blend of 70% Cabernet Sauvignon, 15% Merlot and 15% Petit Verdot. The palate is shy on fresh acidity but still inviting thanks to juicy fruit and velvety tannins.
Dry and grassy, this Sauvignon Blanc has citrus, fig and spice flavors, brightened with crisp acidity. There's a lot of that gooseberry, feline thing.
Like almost every wine in Trapiche's single-vineyard Malbec series, Ambrosia is concentrated and deep, with potent aromas of wood smoke, lemon peel, blackberry and tar. This feels layered and plush, while flavors of wild berry, dark spices, coffee and mocha finish with a blast of chocolate and nutmeg. Drink through 2018.
This savory, polished Riesling comes from an up-and-coming vineyard in Philo. The wine is crisp and racy, with a tangy minerality undergirding the peach, apple, citrus and diesel flavors that finish a little off-dry.
Soft and rich, this Rhône-style blend is candied in nature with sugary raspberry, blackberry and currant flavors.
Fragrant and fresh, this vibrant wine offers alluring scents field flower and white stone fruit scents. The creamy palate delivers white peach, honeydew melon and citrus flavors, brightened with crisp acidity.
Beautifully aromatic Moscato grapes offer loads of honey, sweet peach and passionfruit on the nose. This is a delicate and feminine wine with soft, foamy bubbles capped by generous fruit flavors and natural sweetness.
A 50-50 blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah, this is available only from the winery. Too bad, because it's an excellent effort, combining hints of cracked pepper and licorice with plummy fruit and touches of vanilla oak. It's creamy in texture, with plenty of fruit alongside silky tannins on the finish.
Clean, fresh and showing apple, melon and peach on the nose. Ordinary but focused, with competent pear, apple, tropical fruit and papaya flavors. It's sweet and easygoing, but for $9 it's hard to register many complaints. Just chill it down and drink up.
All of this 100% varietal comes from McClellan Estate Vineyard. The wine shows aromas of dark coffee beans, char, toast and fresh herbs with the oak (50% new French) initially in the lead. The coffee and cherry flavors are silky and generous, lingering on the finish.
Exotic and encouraging, with as much mineral and stone-like aromas as there are grapefruit, green melon, herb and mustard seed scents. Citrus is definitely the lead soldier on the palate, which is tart and crisp. Tangerine and other citrus fruits carry the zesty finish to a pointed termination. Imported by David Milligan Selections.
Shockingly fresh, this is a crisp and citrus-driven wine that makes few concessions to a softer view of life. That gives very tight acidity and intensely fresh lemon and orange zest flavors. Drink from 2015 to allow the wine to soften.
Intense aromas of tomato vine, chopped mint, basil and sage lead the nose. The savory, linear palate presents citrus zest, yellow stone fruit, aromatic herb and mineral alongside vibrant acidity that leaves a tangy finish.
Here's a vibrant white that opens with a fragrance of wild flower and tropical fruit. The light, refreshing palate offers apple, citrus and a nutty note alongside brisk acidity.
Delicate aromas of yellow flower, beeswax and orchard fruit lead the way. The palate is bright and straightforward while offering tastes of yellow apple skin, citrus and a hint of mineral carried by bright acidity.
This has a fruit-filled bouquet of black cherry and ripe peach. Flavors of cherry, blueberry, leather and smoke linger on the palate, and soft tannins make way for a smooth smoky finish.
This is a tight, mineral driven wine that's very textured and almost stark in its character. It offers steeliness, brisk acidity, and a palate packed with citrus fruits. Give this ageworthy wine at least five years. Screwcap.
Leafy and herbal smelling in a classic Chilean/Maipo way, with olive, grilled notes and scratchy red fruit. The palate is solid and thorough, with cherry, cassis and leafy, herbal edgings. Finishes strong and herbal, with pepper, olive and carob flavors.
This is half Syrah (from Chandler Reach) and half Cabernet Sauvignon (from Stillwater Creek), aged in 100% new French oak. The plush fruits are ripe and well-matched, and there are nuanced highlights of herb, leaf, bark and beet root. The tannins are tight and stiff, so some extra breathing time is a good idea.
Corton-Charlemagne expresses the power of Chardonnay, rather than the subtlety. Given that, Olivier Leflaive's version is finely nuanced, and its weight comes as much from the rich white- and yellow-fruit flavors as the tight structure. Like most grand crus, this needs to age, so give it 5–6 years.
A lusty wine, soft and exceedingly fruity, as befits its warm origins. Flashy in raspberry and cherry jam, roasted coconut, sweet mocha and cinnamon flavors, with a savory touch of bacon.
Very herbaceous and green, this wine has intense aromas of grapefruit and white currant. Some softer flavors come from kiwi and bright green apples. Drink now.
For a Petit Chablis, this is serious and complex, with delicious ripe green and yellow fruits; there is a touch of caramel with toast just at the edge.
This is quite a good Syrah that impresses all the way through. The first sniff is of a burst of white pepper, while the first sip assaults the palate, in a good way, with ripe blackberry, plum, mulberry and roasted meat flavors, and a sprinkling of cloves and anise. It's an upscale wine, but softness will limit ageability, so drink now through 2008.
Spicy and ripe, this is a wine that is soft, full in the mouth and with generous tannins. It does have a mineral edge that adds shape to the wine and crispens the black-plum flavor. Drink the wine now.
A blend of 40% Bourboulenc, 30% Roussanne, 20% Vermentino and 10% Viognier, this boasts a highly aromatic bouquet, with forward aromas of fresh rosemary, thyme, lemon verbena, pressed yellow flowers, pear and white melon that continue through to the lush, round palate. Hints of toasted oak and sweet spice add depth, lingering on the finish alongside touches of straw and orange peel. Complex and layered, it's approachable now but should evolve well through 2018.
Fresh and sliced stonefruit aromas meet with the lightest touch of grass, a slightly reductive tar aroma and a bitter kumquat element on the nose of this wine. The palate is very light with lime peel, Gala apple and nectarine flavors.
Honey and graham cracker aromas introduce this clove-infused white. The gold color promises a concentrated wine and the unctuous palate duly delivers. Fresh acidity on the finish saves it from flabbiness. Drink now or hold several years for added complexity.
Thin and saline on the nose, with a chemical-chlorine smell. The palate is fairly sour and raw, with tough tannins and a killer grip. As a whole, the mid-level flavors don't taste like much, and the finish is clamp-down tight.
Bramble, plum and eucalyptus on the nose. Smooth tannins still hanging on; feel is fresh, with flavors of red clay/earth and plum.
Smooth and ripe, this is a finely balanced wine. New wood shows in the mint flavor, which is surrounded by a black currant note, plus fresh acids and tannins that promise aging. From the north of the Haut-Médoc, this is a chateau to watch.
Simple and a little vegetal, but the blackberry, currant and oak flavors are sound.
This blend of 80% Clairette and 20% Bourboulenc seems to be fading a little, losing its freshness in favor of greater palate breadth. The flavors are largely neutral, but hint at oranges. Drink up.
This is 100% varietal with all of the fruit coming from 1989 plantings. Bittersweet chocolate, green herb and barrel aromas are followed by cherry flavors with a chalky feel.
Though nicely styled, this does not quite feel like a reserve wine; it's just too light. Flavors are well-defined, showing strawberry, raspberry and Bing cherry in equal proportions. The tannins are ripe and balanced, and there is a kiss of light chocolate in the finish. It does not have the power that you expect in a reserve.
The spicy, floral nose on this white is enticing enough, but on the palate, the flavors are a touch watery and flat. Clean and refreshing grass and citrus elements are there, but need a touch more muscle. Overall, though, a pleasant wine.
Aromas of lemon peel, acacia, pear and minerals amount to a light but fresh nose. Citric acidity drives this light-bodied Godello toward melon, nectarine and green-apple flavors. A pithy tasting, somewhat flowery finish is modest, fresh and pleasant.
For a wine made from young-vine fruit, this is reasonably concentrated and structured. Ample tannins support black-cherry and mocha flavors, then finish long and dusty in texture.
Prominent aromas of freshly hewn wood, butterscotch and vanilla are out in front of cherry. It's full flavored, seeming a bit boozy with grainy tannins backing it all up.
Initially intense in caramel and salty toffee, this wine offers a vibrant strip of acidity that provides backbone and levity to the body and oak. Floral and fruity in yuzu, it presents itself in a big style, but ultimately finishes with balance.
Much like its Willamette Valley stablemate, this is a dark, aromatic Pinot Noir, with fruit flavors of cranberry and raspberry. It's solid and a bit blocky, but full in the mouth, and there is an unusual set of spices—clove and jalapeño pepper to be exact. An interesting bottle, a bit off the beaten track.
This intense blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah, Cabernet Franc and Mourvèdre is dusty in cassis and leather with nice layers of blackberry, too. Tightly wound and grippy, the wine offers nuanced shades of herb and cedar and a long, satisfying finish.
Melon, sea salt and white peach aromatics lean into a pomelo pith and wet concrete backbone on this crisp, nearly austere and completely impressive bottling. There is great lime peel and yellow grapefruit tension to the palate, which is linear and acid-driven, and possesses a chalky texture as well as warmer yellow pear flavors.
This wine's nose promises fleshy, ripe, red cherry fruit, and its palate delivers, with ample juiciness and uncomplicated freshness. This is made for summer and will do very well when chilled with its light body and fresh cherry notes.
Full with dusty tannins from the intensely rocky Aux Cras vineyard, this wine offers rich and rounded fruits. Red berries come through strongly, offering an initially fruit-driven wine that then opens out into one that is dense, very structured and with aging potential. Drink this terroir-driven wine from 2018.
Clean, snappy aromas of apple and citrus are sharp but appealing. This fresh, healthy white offers tangerine, nectarine and stony flavors before a crisp, refreshing finish.
Production of this barrel-fermented reserve is roughly half of what it was in 2013, and in this instance, less is more. A sleek, sophisticated effort, it's bursting with flavors of pear flesh and skin, set against a wash of stony minerality. It's leesy, long and luscious.
Minty bay leaf and leather define this wine in a savory, earthy way, with a strong notion of forest floor at its core. Firm tannins and subtle oak contribute a leathery aspect to the texture.
Full berry aromas with spice on the side form a good opening. It's a full, tight wine on the palate with oaky, meaty, almost foresty flavors of blackberry, spice and mint. Racy, drying, tasty and good given that one finds few Syrah-Bonarda blends to pick from.
This is a big, jammy, over-the-top Cab with mulchy aromas of coffee grinds and ripe berry fruits. The palate has a sticky, cloying feel to it along with flavors of herbal berry, mocha, cocoa and brown sugar. On the finish, it's creamy feeling and overtly rich.
A disappointment from a winery that's earned Cab scores over 90 for so many years. This one's shy of the mark, a bit thin and weedy in fruit, although it has polished tannins and a nice, dry structure.
Aged 10 months in 25% new American oak, this pleasantly oaky wine delights with its complexity and overall balance. Pineapple, peach and citrus fruits are complemented by notes of coconut (there's that American oak) and hazelnut. Firm acids bring further citrus highlights to the finish.
This single-vineyard Pinot doesn't have the firm dryness you expect of a Pinot Noir from this appellation, but instead collapses in sugary, simple raspberry and cherry jelly flavors. Regains a point or two for silkiness.
Aromas of pressed rose, toast, menthol and a whiff of cellar floor emerge after a few minutes in the glass. The palate shows dried cherry, coffee, vanilla and a hint of mocha alongside bracing tannins that leave an astringent finish.
Salmon-colored, this subtle, nuanced and dry rosé comes from a reputable producer of Pinot Noir. It's structured in wild strawberry exuberance and plenty of minerality. The finish repeats the burst of strawberry with a cherry chaser and squeeze of lime.
A voluptuous wine that shows its sunny California origins in the ripe cherry and raspberry flavors. It's delicious on a purely hedonistic level, showing the dynamism of a Highlands Pinot Noir, even if it lacks some structural subtlety and dryness.
Peach and citrus aromas are offset by green, herbal notes of bell pepper and lettuce leaf. This feels spritzy and lively, with passion fruit and pink grapefruit flavors. Dry and pithy on the finish.
The tannins are still intense in this dark, structured wine. It does have red fruits although there are also hints of green and stalky flavors that are less attractive. The wine will always be dry although the red fruits could push further forward. Try waiting until 2017.
This is a very successful example of ripasso, with generous tones of cherry, black fruit, chocolate and spice. The wine is richly texture and round, leaving a long-lasting taste of cherries coated in fudge. Pair this wine with oven-roasted pasta.
Amazingly ripe and sweet with blackberry jam, chocolate, cassis liqueur and oak. It's almost porty in its decadence, but what this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot lacks in subtlety, it more than makes up for in sheer power. Drink now–2015.
Winemaker Steve Law hails from Scotland and honors his heritage with a nod to his “thirsty neighbors,” who will only gain further thirst after enjoying this Syrah. Pure to Law's cool-climate winemaking sensibilities, this offers a leathery tribute to peppery spice and bright fruit.
With just a tiny touch of oak, this wine's fruit and acidity star. It has flavors of Meyer lemon, lime, green apple, vanilla, honey and white pepper, brightened by zesty acidity. A nice cocktail wine to drink now.
Dry and smoothly tannic, the blackberry flavors have a softly herbal, earthy tinge. There's a lot of new oak, possibly too much, because the smoky caramel is just a bit overpowering.
Bold and chunky Ribera wine with black fruit aromas that don't tread lightly. The palate is lush and features a nice overall feel, while the flavors of berry fruit and chocolate hint at raisin but don't fully cross the threshhold. Heavier and darker than prior years. Drink now.
This ripe and creamy wine offers a good depth of flavor. It has plenty of fresh apple flavors, although the dominant fruits are riper, richer and tangy with orange zest and apricots. To balance all this fruit, the texture is tight with a good streak of minerality to give a crisp aftertaste.
Light wood-aging has given this wine some rich structure while keeping its natural fruity character. Black currant fruitiness dominates the attractive juicy nature of the wine with its smooth texture and final acidity. Drink from 2016.
Glimpses of sunny yellow peach and apple peek through layers of heady spice, vanilla and toast in this brisk but oaky Chardonnay. It's polished but spry, revitalized by a spray of zesty acidity through the midpalate and finish. Drink now through 2020.
An elegant grand cru whose tannic structure is just beginning to resolve. Has a nose of berry aromas, earthy accents and even meaty notes. The palate displays developed ripe cassis and earth flavors. Still youthful, it drinks well, but should evolve further over the next few years.
Simple, acidic and slightly sweet, with tangerine, lime, papaya, honeysuckle, vanilla and spice flavors. Could use more dryness. A blend of Roussanne, Marsanne, Viognier and others.
Black in color, glyceriney. Massive, deep, tremendous. Some will find it overpowering in New World extraction, but it's a real beauty in that style. Explodes in black currants, chocolate and new oak, almost overripe, with suggestions of raisins. Almost dessert-like, but stays dry and elegant. Defines modern Napa Valley cult Cabernet Sauvignon.
A sweet, simple wine, with candied blackberry and raisin flavors, accented with lots of oak.
A hot vintage translates into jammy fruit and berry preserves backed by rich toasted notes. Ripeness definitely overtakes elegance in this case, yet this juicy red would do well with aged cheese or red meat.
Nice for its briary, wild berry flavors of cherries, blackberries and mulberries, and the enormous fan of dusty Asian spices. Nice, too, for its dryness. But just a bit too soft, and could use greater structure. Drink now.
Has stunning fruit, for starters. Sheer, pure, concentrated nose of cassis and cherry. Subtle oak in the background, lending vanilla, toast and caramel nuances. Fabulous texture and weight, fine as velvet. Magnificently lush, full-bodied. Fantastic finish. Drink now through 2015.
Light aromas like canteloupe and flavors like honeydew melon make this wine fruity and easy to enjoy. It's medium bodied, fruity and smooth.
Onion skin color, showing signs of aromatic toast character, this is a rich, round wine from the hot 2003 vintage. Raspberry fruits are rich and full, lifted by acidity. A great success.
The aromas on this wine are quite unusual, with notes of wet copper penny, fresh sage and raspberry. Meanwhile the cranberry and cherry flavors are sweet and concentrated, creating an uneasy juxtaposition.
Niner has been nothing if not consistent with this Syrah for years. The 2008 tastes as fresh as the day it was bottled. It's rich and spicy in flavors of blackberry, roasted meat and black pepper. It's a little country in its rustic texture and a little city in its charms. Drink now with beef stew, tamales, tacos or barbecued ribs.
An interesting Chardonnay that does not quite all come together. Lemons, orange peel and other lively citrus aromas are mixed in with flavors of grain—cracker, oatmeal, and so on. The finish confuses rather than blends.
Named for the little hill's almond trees, this modestly priced super Tuscan is a blend of 80% Sangiovese and 20% barrique-aged Cabernet Sauvignon. The Sangiovese provides black cherry and tobacco flavors, while the Cab contributes toasty, buttery oak and herbal notes. Drink now and over the next several years.
The aromas are brooding, with notes of plum, barrel spice, incense and black cherry. The palate is rich and concentrated with blackberry flavors, backed by firm tannins that need some time to settle in. It's high on the hedonistic scale.
A distinctive Zin that shows promise in the way it tries to be different. Much drier and far less alcoholic than the typical Paso Zin, it has a streamlined elegance, but there's nothing shy about the cherry, root beer, anise, tobacco and peppery spice flavors.
Grapefruit and quince make for an exciting opening amidst some yeasty notes. On the palate, aromatic quince and plum notes reflect the generosity of the vintage while remaining dry and light-bodied. There is an ease here, of drinking and thinking, of sipping and being refreshed. This goes down far too easily on deceptively light feet. The finish is of refreshing lemon zest.
There's a special elegance and finesse evident in this pretty expression of Nebbiolo. Fine aromas of cola, white cherry and black pepper are featured on the bouquet. In the mouth, this Barolo delivers strength, structure and endurance.
Dry, dry, dry is the name of the game with this Sauvignon Blanc. It's rich in Meyer lemon, kaffir lime and pineapple flavors, with intense, zesty acidity for clean balance, and the finish is spicy and stimulating. A beautiful cocktail wine to get a fancy dinner started.
A strongly wood-aged wine, full of as much spice and toast as fruit. It will probably soften and round out to give a wine that, while firm, will have rich black currant fruitiness, dusty tannins and fresh acidity at the end. Drink from 2017.
What's wrong with this picture? This wine is better than the Scrubby Rise Shiraz, but is only available in Florida and Texas (the latter locale is understandable, as this wine is probably a heavenly marriage wtih barbecue!). Contact your retailers and distributors and put up a fuss—there's nice cherry and plum fruit here, jazzed up with smoke and spice accents. An interesting blend, too, particularly for the price.
A lovely Canary Hill, though a bit lighter than previous vintages, this elegant, smoky wine offers tart wild-berry fruit with a lightly earthy foundation.
This is a crisp, refreshing sipper that's long on fruity flavor. Bright acidity under girds the lemon and lime, grapefruit, peach and slightly grassy flavors, and the finish is spicy and clean.
After a murky, rubbery opening, it finds its slot, which is standard-issue red-berry aromas and flavors. On the edges there are notes of pepper, herbs, vanilla and cocoa. Fresh, snappy, juicy wine. Seems complete and solid.
From vines close to the premier crus, this is firm and solid while generous. It conveys power and structure along with a more delicious, perfumed side. Drink from 2017.
This is an ultra-delicious Cabernet to drink now. It's rich and seductive in blackberry, raspberry, cherry, cola and cocoa flavors, wrapped into softly gentle tannins. Give it a brief decant before serving.
This bottling from the San Francisco-based producer is about as Burgundian as California gets. Aromas of honeydew rinds, Meyer lemon pith and honeysuckle meet with briny chalk, chiseled marble and a touch of almond warmth on the nose. The extremely fresh, clean and chalky palate shows stunning texture as well as rounded lemon blossom, sea salt and the faintest butter flavor.
This 18-hectare vineyard at the heart of the appellation includes an ancient villa turned fermentation cellar. The Pinot Grigio makes a very good show with loads of freshly cut pear and baked banana chips. Smooth and creamy in the mouth. Imported by Wine Emporium.
Executed in a big, elaborate style, this wine won't appeal to everyone. It takes on an almost intellectual approach, seeking to push the outer limits of the precious Pallagrello grape though oak fermentation and extended bottle aging. If you are seeking a carefree, fish-friendly wine, this is not for you. White meat or pasta would be a better choice.
This pretty, warm wine is touched with caramel and yellow fruit flavors. It gets a kick from crisp lemon zest. Drink in the coming months.
This barrique-aged Chardonnay opens with delicate aromas of beeswax, acacia flower and toast. The refined palate offers toasted oak, citrus, vanilla and mature Golden Delicious apple alongside bright acidity.
The acidity is a bit too high, making for a stinging mouthfeel, and the cherry flavors are out of whack, with some unripe green notes, on this bone-dry, somewhat simple wine.
Botrytised Gewürztraminer produces a rich, intense, luscious wine with layers of complex spice. A touch of Sauvignon Blanc introduces some clean, crisp freshness to give the wine a fine sense of balance.
White wildflower and Bosc pear aromas lead the nose. The bright, linear palate offers nectarine zest and crisp Granny Smith alongside zesty acidity. A mineral note closes the tangy finish.
A pale salmon color, this is all Pinot Noir, picked early for the purpose of making rosé. Quite dry and elegant, it's a juicy, acidic wine, with pretty strawberry and watermelon flavors highlighted with zesty spice.
Yeasty, bland, unconvincing aromas make for an unremarkable opening. This is flabby and broken on the palate, with yeasty flavors of canned peas.
Fermented in neutral puncheons, this is a dense, rich and mouth-coating wine that ups the bar for Oregon Pinot Gris. The neutral wood aging expands the breadth and texture. There's a rich mix of apple, jicama and Bosc pear fruit, lightly touched with wood highlights, and finishing with a lick of buttery caramel.
This sparkling wine made from Chardonnay, opens with a yeasty fragrance of bread crust and pastry. The palate shows citrus and vanilla flavors, hints of oak and vigorous bubbles.
A sweet smell like raisins and very ripe, grapy flavors ride a soft, broad texture and medium body. It's not too dry and it's not at all tannic. It's easy and gentle to drink.
Abrasive cherry and plum aromas are rough and raw. This scrubs the palate with high acidity and hard tannins, while flavors of raspberry and plum are basic and herbal. A lean, scratchy finish brings no surprises.
This is one of those quintessentially fresh and easy Italian white wines that offers a mixed bag of fresh fruit and mineral-driven aromas. The wine hits the palate in an extremely smooth and clean manner.
Mildly sweet and candied, with accents of rose petal, red licorice and high-quality raisin. As always, it's an intense wine with red raspberry, cherry and plum flavors in front of finishing vanilla and butter. It's a bit grabby and tannic, but it seems to have harnessed correct ripeness in what was a difficult, hot year.
Here's an everyday wine to drink with burgers and such. Tastes like an inexpensive wine served in a fast-food restaurant.
La Fornace is a dark, savory expression of Cabernet Sauvignon that shows aged tertiary aromas of dark spice, cured meat and prune. It feels rich and dense, with a gritty quality to the tannins and long endnotes of bacon, black pepper and leather. Drink now.
The charity Hospices of Belleville owns the land as part of its foundation, with the wines being made by Beaune negociant Joseph Drouhin. This wine is attractively fruity and soft. With its red-cherry and lightly spiced flavors, which are cut with acidity, it has a fine balanced texture, finishing with bright red-fruit acidity. Drink now.
Coming from the newly minted Ancient Lakes appellation, it's a jumble of apple and tropical notes. It leans toward medium sweet with tart acids pulling it back on the finish.
Aged in wood for 15 months, this wine shows ripe flavors more from fruit than toast. Apricot and Williams pear flavors are richly integrated with the light spice and the lemon crispness. The wine is ready to drink.
This exceptional release is firm and focused, with lip-smacking acidity. Tart apple and tangy limeade pack the core flavors, underscored with wet-stone minerality.
This medium-bodied Pinot Noir features aromas of smoke and candied fruit, then adds some mushroomy flavors and plummy notes on the palate. It's a pleasant enough wine, one that would nicely accompany coq au vin or similar stewed dishes.
Cherries of every kind—red, black, jam, pie—are the essence of flavor here, along with red licorice, cola and sandalwood. It's a nice, structurally interesting and bone dry wine, with firm tannins and a good cut of acidity. Ready now.
There's a pruney, dried-fruit persistence on the nose of this wine, a blend of unknown varieties. Barbecue smoke, black pepper and a high degree of ripeness combine for a mix of heat that's finalized by a vegetative note.
Round, plump aromas are a bit vegetal, with a suggestion of canned beans and peas. The palate is balanced but full. Pithy flavors of green fruits finish lightly bitter, with notes of arugula, bell pepper and lime.
Delineated scents of confectioners' sugar, spiced mango butter, dried apricot and pineapple are rich yet restrained in aromatic volume. The palate is intense, with a hint of orange marmalade added to the mix. The vibrant acids keep the palate from seeming cloying.
The peachy color of this bubbly wine is appropriate because the aromas and flavors are effusively peachy, too. It is light bodied, very sweet and has been flavored with something other than grapes.
Earthy and truffley in an attractive and complex way, this fairly mature offering has a full mouthfeel and rich apple and plum flavors. The long finish brings tart plums. This has the stuffing to be used as a dining Champagne, and the reserved elegance required for drinking alone or with hors d’oeuvres.
Neutral, dusty and a bit damp-smelling, with a leanness to the palate feel as well as flavors of semitart melon and peach. Decent but fails to excite. Drink now.
With its tough, gritty tannins and forward cherry, red currant, orange and raspberry flavors, this light-bodied Merlot will pair well with something savory and fatty.
Yalumba has hit the mark with this medium-bodied, easy-to-drink Shiraz. Strawberry and raspberry fruit is framed by silky tannins and a savory delicacy that sets it apart from most Shiraz at this price point. Drink now.
Intense and colorful; one of the most flavorful and sizable versions of Terrasses on record. Flavors of boysenberry, blackberry and plum sizzle, while the layered palate spreads out nicely upon airing. Everything about this Cariñena-dominated wine is solid and precise. A really nice taste of Priorat at a fairly affordable price. Imported by Rare Wine Company.
Prunar is a deep and sophisticated Pinot Bianco (aged 50-50 in large oak casks and stainless steel) that excels in terms of mouthfeel. It delivers a long, creamy finish accented by tones of apricot, pear and grapefruit.
A blend of various varieties, this red has a rustic feeling in the gritty tannins and briary flavors of wild berries and Asian spices. But it's not a simple wine. It's actually quite satisying in the way it floods the mouth with flavor, then finishes in a dry way that welcomes grilled meats, hard cheeses, olive oil and tomato sauce.
One dimensional and clean, this has brisk acidity and a creamy mouthfeel, with pineapple, orange, lime and mineral flavors.
From the historic vineyard site surrounded by Pinot Noir, this wine makes the case for variety and heritage, coaxing bright acidity and floral aromatics out of the grapes. Full bodied, its flavors combine plum, raisin cake, dried cranberry and dust into a leathery whole, finishing in chocolate cinnamon.
This family-owned winery comes out swinging with this blend of 81% Zinfandel backed by bits of Grenache, Petite Sirah and Syrah, casting aromas of boysenberry, cola and freshly cut grilled rib eye. On the palate, it's smooth and evenly balanced with blackberry pie, vanilla and milk chocolate, offering the perfect partner for barbecued ribs and flame-broiled steak.
A lovely wine, charming and complex. Shows how well this blend works for Eberle in Paso Robles, especially in a good vintage. Soft and lush, the wine is rich in blackberries and spices. Drinks well now, and should hold for some years.
A tight and closed wine from the southernmost premier cru, this is still developing. As it fills out, it will bring in the apple ripeness and fresh character that are just a hint at the moment. It will certainly remain structured and nervy with a strongly steely aftertaste. Drink from 2018.
Rich in layers of raspberry and bright cherry, this full-bodied Grenache surprises in its depth of structure. The finish dives deep into caramel and oak, rounding it out pleasantly.
Still young, this structured wine has a herbal edge that gives a green feel to the otherwise full black berry flavors. With acidity at the end, it's fruity and fresh.
A blend of 43% Grenache, 41% Mourvédre and 16% Syrah from two vineyard sites, one warmer than the other, this plummy red is bright on the palate. Smoky and not overly oaked, it contributes gamy twinges of black currant and cardamom to the long finish.
Yes, it's pricey for a Côtes-d-Rhône, but it's also excellent, and worth cellaring for a year or two prior to consumption. Beefy, leathery scents add hints of clove and cinnamon, while the flavors include plenty of black cherry and plum fruit. Young and tannic right now, but the potential is obvious on the wine's long, fruit-driven and spice-accented finish.
Aromas include white and yellow spring flowers, stone fruit and citrus. The round palate offers lemon zest, yellow apple and ripe peach accented with candied ginger.
Merlot and Cabernet Franc make up the majority of this wine, along with pinches of Petit Verdot and Malbec. It commands attention with aromas of flowers, herbs, freshly tilled soil, cherry, coffee and bittersweet chocolate. The palate is outrageously textured with a hypnotic mouthfeel and a finish that sails into the distance. Far from a blockbuster style, it's all about elegance and detail.
Blocky on the nose, with mild heat and burn to go with standard raspberry aromas. Feels full, with a resiny, oak-based thickness in front of chunky flavors of raspberry and plum. Dry, woody and buttery on the finish.
Fragrant floral tones will remind you of orange and almond blossoms. This perky Prosecco delivers sweet fruit flavors of stone fruit and citrus backed by cooling acidity and subtle sweetness. Le Colture is one of the best producers in Valdobbiadene.
As its name suggests, Les Brulées is a warm, well-exposed south-facing vineyard. The wine has richness, with layers of almond, spice and green plum flavors. There is a strong element of barrel fermentation and aging, rounding the wine out, but the rich fruit can easily balance that. Imported by Frederick Wildman & Sons, Ltd.
Aromas of wisteria and white stone fruit lead the nose. On the bright palate, brisk acidity and a lively perlage provide a racy backdrop for yellow apple and citrusy notes. A hint of bitter almond marks the close.
This wine is ripe, balanced and full of bold, rich fruit. Solid tannins under the opulent black plums and black currants fit well with the acidity and the structure. Give it a little time and drink from 2018.
Dusty mineral and pollen notes lend complexity to decadent honey and apricot in this medium-sweet auslese. It's lavish and creamy in texture yet tightly balanced by spine-tingling lemon-lime acidity. It offers an exceptional value for such an opulent wine.
Flowery in the nose, with hints of grass, green melon and mustard seed. The tangy, crystal-clean palate is loaded with orange, tangerine, nectarine and apricots. The long, flavorful finish features citrus pith, lime and minerals. If you want a combination of complexity and forwardness, this is your wine.
A soft, rounded wine with hints of oak from the one-third barrel aging. Concentrated and firm, it is already well in balance, with soft, creamy flavors.
An incredibly rich wine not for the faint of heart, this shows blackberry jam, espresso, condensed lilacs and expresso syrup on the nose. It gets more intense on the palate, with chocolate syrup, thick fudge, dense blueberry fruits, black tobacco and espresso extract that push concentration levels to the delightfully extreme.
A Rueda white that gets it right. Pure peach and nectarine aromas lead to a smooth, pure palate of peach and apple flavors. Its purity and poise are obvious and it has that extra bit of feel and elevation to the flavors.
Jumpy raspberry and candied plum aromas are akin to Kool-Aid. A rubbery, grabby palate and foxy, medicinal flavors of latex and berry fruits culminate on a strained finish.
Blending 85% Cabernet Sauvignon with 12% Petit Verdot and 3% Malbec, this wine offers length and breadth, built on a foundation of firm tannin and toasted oak. The palate suggests blackberry, black cherry and licorice, remaining lively and fresh in the glass.
Light in color, but not in flavor, this appealing wine brings pomegranate, cranberry, tart cherry and lots of spice front and center. Baking spices rule the midpalate, elevated with crisp, citrusy acids, and the wine flows into a finish with leaf and herb highlights. Another year or two might help integrate all the interesting components; then drink up.
A heady and intense red blend composed mostly of Cabernet Sauvignon and Shiraz with touches of Petit Verdot, Cabernet Franc and Malbec, this wine offers a seriously firm structure with gripping tannins and a palate loaded with black plum skin, forest berries, cigar leaf and a hint of rosemary twig. The finish is long and reminiscent of French press coffee; try after 2012.
A striking and flavorful wine, this bottling shows a little more spicy oak than most of the Renwoods, giving a slightly sweet cinnamon accent to the vivid blackberry and strawberry syrup flavors. The fruit character is powerful and delicious, seemingly seeping out of the wine in all directions. It's dry, full bodied, firm textured and will drink nicely now through 2020.
91–93. Barrel sample. Surrounded by the city of Libourne, Quinault l'Enclos has produced a Merlot-dominated wine that's ripe and soft on the palate. There's a good sense of structure, balancing fresh black-currant flavors with delicious acidity.
This wine's tangy raspberry and cherry fruit is front and center, with a vein of rich chocolate underneath. Dominated by acidity now, with oak and tannin components not fully integrated, it clearly needs more time to pull itself together and should reward further bottle age.
Seven Hills fruit anchors this mix of Sangiovese (75%) and Syrah (25%). It's strongly scented with tobacco notes and sweet herb notes. Carries the characteristic tartness of Sangiovese but in a flavorful and penetrating style; it tastes bigger than it feels. Notes of violets and pepper add nuance to the blend.
Aromas of butter, toast, oak and dried citrus lead the nose. The round, structured palate offers baked Golden Delicious apple, nectarine zest, vanilla and butterscotch. Enjoy soon before the fruit fades.
Tin Roof knocked it out of the ballpark last year, and while the '06 isn't a home run, it's a solid double, maybe a triple on stolen bases. Dry and balanced, it features flavors of black cherries, currants, cola and licorice, with a rich streak of smoky oak.
Very rich, extracted and soft in tannins and acids, a melt-in-your-mouth Zin with almost sweet flavors of milk chocolate, crushed ripe cherries, licorice, caramelized wood and oodles of black pepper. Should develop over the next 4–6 years.
Fresh apple, lemon and peach notes are shaded by darker tones of dusty mineral and struck flint in this medium-bodied Pinot Grigio. It's a bit closed in profile, but refreshing and dry with an invigorating lime finish.
Too alcoholic for its own good, the wine is full bodied and heavy. It has tannins, superripe black fruits while missing structure and acidity. It is developing fast and will be ready to drink from 2017.
Atypical, proprietary aromas of blowsy tropical fruits, apple cider, white rose and lettuce are perplexing. The palate, with its depth and balance, suggests high quality, while flavors of lime, sweet lettuce and green herbs finish calm, with complexity and richness.
What a great bargain this wine is. It's soft and delicious with blackberry, currant, brown sugar and creamy mocha flavors that lead to a spicy finish. It's easy to drink this Cab with all sorts of foods that pair well with a full-bodied red.
This wood-aged wine is ripe with black fruits and dense with dark tannins. It has a warm feel to its structure, developing into a concentrated, black-plum-flavored wine backed by toast and firm tannins. Drink from 2018.
Richly defined sprinklings of cinnamon and black pepper give this wine an Asian-spice character that's appealing on the nose. From there it develops a rustic leathery texture around resolved oak that builds power and tannin content on the finish.
Aromatically generous, this displays notes of pineapple, pear and guava. The palate drinks off dry, with abundant tropical fruit flavors, but lacks the acidity to hold it all together.
Coming from vines planted in 1910, this wine is very light in the glass and reserved on the nose, with hints of iron and red fruits. It's tart on the palate, without much ripe fruit, proving rather dainty but offering a decent grip for such a light wine.
Marchesale is a superripe and rich Syrah from Coastal Tuscany with intense aromas of vanilla, coffee and plump cherry. The wine is soft, smooth and silky and spreads over the palate with power and determination. Pair this beautiful wine with mixed grilled meat.
This offers plum and dried tobacco-leaf aromas, with a hint of toasted almond. The palate delivers prune and berry flavors alongside green pepper, espresso and toasted oak accents. This will pair well with hearty Tuscan soups.
This is a superripe wine, full of generous white and yellow stone fruits. It is soft while also dense with smooth fruits, touched by pepper and nutmeg and given richness from lees aging. Drink the wine now.
This lovely Montalcino estate delivers a bright, ruby-colored Rosso that is heavily characterized by fresh forest-fruit aromas and bright acids. The wine is streamlined and pristine.
A whiff of floral potpourri that persists from start to finish adds elegance to this full-bodied wine. The palate is expansive and rich, but finishes refreshingly tart with flavors of crisp green apple and lemon.
88-90 Soft, ripe, smooth, with delicious acidity and berry fruits. Some good density.
The Dead Arm rarely wows this reviewer in our blind tastings, and while the 2007 is undeniably a very good wine, it shows a tart edge and a reined-in personality. Toast and vanilla frame cranberry and raspberry fruit, chocolate overtones and savory, meaty elements. Try it after 2015 and see if it has loosened up at all.
This blend of four Italian grape varieties melds highlights of oak spices and pepper with just-ripe cherry and raspberry flavors for a tasty, complex but not heavy personality. The texture is mildly tannic, the balance is spot-on and it has an appetizing, crisp finish.
Though 28 g/L of residual sugar is indicated, this lushly fruity and thoroughly delicious wine does not seem at all sweet, and just barely off dry. Peaches and pears combine in a lightly spicy but intensely flavorful wine with a myriad of food pairing possibilities, notably Thai noodle dishes, or poultry with a fruit sauce.
Made with 70% Nero di Troia plus other varieties, this features aromas of ripe dark berry, bell pepper, game and tobacco. All of these carry over to the palate along with clove and ground black pepper. Assertive but drying tannins provide support. Drink through 2019.
This blend of 50% Cabernet Sauvignon, 37% Merlot, 8% Petite Sirah and 5% Cabernet Franc shows aromas of sweet plum, cherry jam, grape candy and chocolate spices. The palate presents a medium level of density, with flavors of Bing cherry, ollallieberry and dried oregano, thyme and marjoram.
While unabashedly sweet and simple, this luscious, lip-smacking wine is full of ripe pink grapefruit and tangerine flavors. Zippy acidity sharpens the midpalate and drives a lingering, fresh finish. Drink now through 2019.
On the feline side, with lemongrassy, grapefruit flavors accompanied by crisp acids and a peppery finish. Mainly stainless steel fermented, the wine is dry, with just a touch of neutral oak.
Bright and fruity, this is classic white Bordeaux with its citrus and lively acidity as well as a crisp texture. It has weight and shows some potential to fill out, so drink from 2017. Because of spring frost and summer rain, Marie-José (Perrin) Leriche reduced the (90%) Sauvignon Blanc and (10%) Sémillion harvest by a third.
Herbal and spicy, this wine has bitter vegetal flavors that don't accord with the acidity or texture.
Smells unruly, with animal notes, heavy char, rubber and mulchy earth. Gets better with airing, but seems thick on the palate, with stewed berry and mild green notes. Herbal, roasted and sort of weedy on the finish. Has been better in the past.
There are modest sour-cherry scents on the nose alongside mushroom and clean earth aromas. Cherry and marshmallow flavors are a bit candied, leading into a finish that lingers. Imported by Vin Divino.
Underripe melon meets butterscotch on the nose. The round palate shows banana-lemon yogurt with streaks of caramel, leading to a toasted vanilla finish.
The gold color and honeyed aromas are a great invitation to this ripe, sweet wine. Wood aging has a given just a hint of toastiness to the opulent honey and lemon flavors. It's hard to resist now, but the wine will be even better from 2017.
This ripe and round wine offers good balance between lychee spiciness and acidity. It is warm and soft, approachable now with its smooth texture and fresh aftertaste.
This wine is ripe, full in the mouth and rich. With grapefruit tanginess and crisp apple richness, it is generous with its fruits and texture. Like many wines from this appellation, it needs to age, so drink from 2016.
There's a vein of sourness, astringency and thinness in the mouth followed by bright berry fruit and plump cherry. This is a light and straightforward bubbly Lambrusco that offers a good introductory view of this traditional Italian bubbly red wine.
Like most 2012 Marlborough Pinots, this is crisp, with pie cherry fruit leading the way. Hints of campfire and button mushrooms add welcome complexity, ending on a long, mouthwatering note of tart fruit.
A stunningly delicious Pinot Noir, opulent in raspberry, cherry, red currant, red licorice, cola and beef jerky flavors. Impossible not to be impressed by the richness, yet the tannin-acid structure is wonderful and bracing. Doesn't seem likely to age well, so drink now.
Lighter in color than many wines from the same appellation, this still packs a complex punch on the nose, with snappy cranberry, crushed slate and peppercorn aromas. The zesty palate conveys baked strawberry, clove and pine forest underbrush flavors.
An alluring floral and peach nose leads into fresh, citric flavors of lemon and orange in this elegant white. Dry and clean, it will pair well with seafood and herbed chicken.
Spice and dusty fruit aromas are equalized by saucy, funky, leafy notes. This is full in the mouth, with flavors of brown sugar, baking spices and baked cherry. This finishes with mild spice and oak flavors.
Murky and pickled on the nose, with dull fruit aromas. The palate is sheer and grating in feel, with snappy acidity, lean fruit and herbal flavors of tart raspberry. Scratchy and drying on the finish.
This young Brunello opens with a dark garnet color and shows elegant aromas of cassis, dried raspberry, ginger, cola and licorice. The wine really comes alive in the mouth thanks to the bright acidity and its inherently traditional style.
Jumbled and stewy on the nose, with soupy berry fruit aromas and rubberband. The palate is choppy and heavy, with brambly flavors of roasted berry. Tastes more salty and soupy than bright and fresh.
You won't mistake this for Chablis anytme soon, but it is a solid expression of unwooded Chardonnay. Buttery, it features pineapple and spice flavors and a lush, rounded palate. Easy to drink, with citrus and spice on the finish. Multiple U.S. importers.
Some barrel influence works its way onto the largely natural bouquet, while the flavors of peach, banana and melon surf a smooth, modestly deep palate. This is better than your average Argentinean Chardonnay, especially if you like some tropical warmth and weight. Drink right away to catch its vitality.
Despite a hint of green to the nose, this comes around. Tight clampy tannins make for a tough, youthful mouthfeel, while this tastes woody, with black-fruit flavors in support. There's a lot of oak on the finish, but airing and/or time in the bottle will help that subside. Drink through 2023.
The citrus, herb and mint aromas are expressive but show some reduction. The citrus and tropical flavors are broad and creamy, though the concentration at times seems light.
Apricot and grapefruit flavors dominate this soft, ripe and yet crisply-acidic wine. There are spice, almond and melon flavors, with structure and roundness. Finely balanced and ready to drink. Screwcap.
Here is a ripe Dolcetto d'Alba with mature aromas of raspberry, strawberry and cherry syrup. The wine is rich and dense in the mouth with a sweet berry aftertaste that would pair well with meatloaf or beef stew.
A slightly rugged, drily tannic wine. It has earthy flavors of blackberries, currants, tobacco and spices, with a cola-like finish. Ready now.
Good price for a Pinot of this quality. It's dry and silky in the mouth, with classic Pinot flavors of cherries, spices and cola, enriched with smoky oak.
Yeasty funk initially plays over a whole mix of pink grapefruit, mandarin and lemon flavors. The citrus party continues on the palate, with zesty notes of citrus peel. Verve and freshness are kept only in slight check by a phenolic backbone and are driven on by the linear lemon freshness. While totally compelling now, the wine will become even more intriguing with bottle age. Drink 2015–2020.
A zippy, spicy nose offering minerality, earthiness and red berries starts this pert Zinfandel. The wine offers balanced tannins, fruit and a fresh acidity. Friendly and fun.
All varietal, the aromas of high-toned herbs and spice show promise but haven't yet fully revealed their charms. The palate delivers concentrated yet restrained and balanced flavors that possess a captivating texture and a lengthy finish. It's a commanding interpretation of the variety that shows great nuance.
This offers aromas of mature dark fruit, cured meat, cooking spice and tobacco. The extracted palate has dried black cherry, tobacco, anise and powdered sage alongside grainy tannins.
This is as tightly closed as a new rosebud, but suspicions of iron oxide and red cherry escape. On the palate this has a northerly, cool aspect and its very own, reticent charm. More iron oxide comes to the fore, along with earthiness and a mix of elderberry and red cherry. If you have the patience to wait until 2017–2018, this will come to you as a grown-up beauty. Its name Samt & Seide—velvet & silk—does it justice indeed.
Part of the musical note series from Lannac Saint-Jean, this is the top of the wines. The color is so dark and so are the dense black fruit flavors. Wood accents dominate at this stage, but the weight of its fruit promises fine aging, ultimately yielding a rich and sumptuous wine.
The winery's Kit's Killer is a dependably good Cabernet, almost always showing lots of richness and complexity. They raised the price by $2 since last vintage, but it's still a very fine wine, with delicious blackberry, currant and licorice flavors, wrapped into smooth tannins. Drink over the next few years.
Here's a simple, straightforward Nero d'Avola that offers concentrated blueberry and blackberry jam sensations along with a note of evident alcohol. Pair this with everyday fare like pasta topped with a hearty ragù sauce.
If this lacks the exotic richness and drama of the very best Marlborough Sauvignons, it's still a tasty drop. Fig and melon notes suggest ample ripeness, while hints of leafy greens provide hallmark varietal character, finishing crisp and clean. In golf terms, it's straight and true, down the middle of the fairway.
Deep, earthy aromas of cassis and black cherry set up a full, balanced palate with subtle but present acidity. Black plum, blackberry, vanilla and dill flavors finish strong, with savory, saucy tomato notes. This is a classic Ribera wine; drink through 2020.
This has a warm, rounded character, with pressing minerality. Notes of apple, pear and a touch of vanilla all add richness and an open character. It has warm, rich fruit on the finish.
This classic South American red has robust, rustic berry aromas that are matched by chewing gum, animal hide and spice. This is muscular stuff, with oaky, spicy, drying flavors of dark cherry and fudge. It's not a cuddly wine; it could use some aging.
There's excitement about the return of this rather iconic bargain brand to the market, and this bottling packs the goods, offering rich and bacon-laced aromas as well as maple, campfire and jammy fruits on the nose. It's not as structured or varietally typical as pricier bottlings, but it's fun and delicious to quaff, with more maple, bacon fat and ripe berries.
Sourced largely from the Martin Stelling Vineyard behind the winery in the western shade of Oakville, this wine opens with charred oak and a smoky, meaty character that intrigues. Seamless on the palate in soft, perceptible tannin, it delves into characteristics of cedar and brushy sage as it goes, unveiling a wildness that's hard to contain. Its bright, fresh finish gives it a roundness that's ready to enjoy now.
Winemaker: Gordon Newton Johnson. This is such a pretty and elegant Pinot, certainly not what most would expect from a "New World" wine region. It expresses the masterful balance that South African Pinot can achieve in the New World style of ripe red-fruit character with the Old World finesse of bright acidity and an earthy, forest-floor dominance. Pressed floral tones are partnered with notes of red cherry, cola spice and sous bois throughout. Silky and smooth, it offers soft, fine tannins that somehow still manage to provide a present structure for overall balance and harmony. Drink now–2023.
This wine hits the mark, combining intriguing flavors of vanilla, shortcake and cinnamon with a bracing but supple texture and a fine-grained mousse. It is dry, subtle, complex and elegant.
Red cherries, dark spices of clove and anise and gingerbread show on the nose of this wine from the Foley family portfolio. Darkness pervades the concentrated palate, with black fruits, dark chocolate, beef char and condensed purple flowers. It's so deep that it lacks noticeable flavor layers.
This medium-bodied wine has low-key fruit and herb flavors, and a reasonably smooth texture. A touch of earthiness runs from aroma to finish.
From a mix of Walla Walla and Willamette fruit (hence W3,), this limited-production wine is firmly rooted in a base of apples and acid. Grace notes of spice and butter (from barrel fermentation and aging in French oak) give it added body and length, and it glides into a finish of cinnamon toast and apple butter.
90-92 Barrel sample. Dry, tight tannins, the fruit a hint of berries over stalky blackcurrants. This is a dense wine, with black flavors, only a hint of a powerful future in store.
Heavy berry, leather, mint and oak aromas show a bit of stalkiness in front of a regular feeling palate with mossy, earthy berry flavors. A chunky, savory tasting finish with fresh acidity and length keeps things moving in a positive direction.
From a single vineyard on flinty silex soil, this is a taut and concentrated wine. Its intensity is enhanced by the tense texture and powerful youthful acidity. At this stage, it is still young, still with its exuberant fruit. So wait to drink this wine until 2018.
Showcases a distinctive approach to Chenin that Clarksburg practically owns, which is to say, very dry, very acidic to the point of sour, with a flavor of grapefruit zest and tamarind seed. It's a simple but wholesome wine, and fills an important niche in California whites.
On the soft and buttery side, this Chardonnay doesn't hold back on the popcorn aroma. Once past that, you'll find a pretty flavor that tastes like a piece of spiced, fresh-baked apple pie.
The 2007 Gosling manages to combine savory, spicy complexity with bold fruit, delivering peppery, herbal notes alongside cherry and blueberry flavors. It's mouthfilling, with a creamy texture, yet retains a sense of freshness on the lingering finish. Drink now-2020.
Johann Heinrich's vineyards are in the Deutschkreutz region, traditionally regarded as the heartland for Blaufränkisch. This entry-level wine shows the richness of which the grape is capable. It shows rich berries, a red pepper flavor and a dry core of dense tannins. The final flavors areof red fruits and lifted acidity. Screwcap.
Citrus and sea spray aromas are restrained on the nose. The ample body carries flavors of mealy melon muddled with lemon rinds, which carries to the burnt-sugar finish.
Strong new barrel flavors, surprising in a wine at this price, send up a lot of butterscotch and caramel over light cherry and plum flavors. There's chocolate in here also, making it a tongue-pleasing budget bottle with more polish than you would expect.
Hard and jumbled up front, with slightly harsh peppery notes interlocking with light raspberry fruit. A light, airy, almost innocuous wine with mild bitterness on the finish. Doesn't impress.
A tiny bit of effervescence dissipates quickly. Classic aromas recall dried lime peel, wet cement, cut grass, sliced apples and a touch of rosemary oil. The palate holds extreme grassiness along with Anjou-pear peel, pine and thyme, reminiscent of a dewy lawn in springtime.
A remarkable wine that manages effortlessly to bring together ripe apricot and sweet pear flavors with a balanced maturity that is so delicious. It has power and richness, but there is also minerality and a hint of a chalky texture. This 1999 needs less aging than previous vintages and can be drunk now.
An impressive Cabernet, rich and dense in fruit and oak, with tremendous tannins that are at once hard and soft. It's already throwing some sediment, and the cherry and raspberry fruit comes through in a pure, sweetly feminine manner. Should continue to evolve in the bottle for at least 10 years.
Superrich in tangerine, peach, lime, mango and honey flavors, this Rhône-style white blend is balanced with crisp acidity and a nice touch of minerality. It's a wine to drink now.
Merlot has never been Bell's strong point, and while this is a pretty good one, it's a little rough and sandpapery in the mouth. It has currant, blackberry, tobacco and green tea flavors, and is fully dry. Blended with 15% Cabernet Sauvignon, it wants to be opened soon.
Made from a single clone, this wine delivers quiet explosions of clove, black currant and black pepper that flirt around a luxurious texture and unobtrusive oak, finding balance and integration amid plenty of complexity. Fully engaged and drinking nicely now, it'll stand up to further cellaring, through 2023.
From an estate vineyard next to Martha's and Opus One and just down the hill from Harlan, this Cab shows the true grace and harmony of its terroir. Well-ripened black currant fruit is framed in rich oak and offset by firm, sweet tannins.
Aromas of ripe berry, sunbaked soil and a hint of game lead the nose. The straightforward palate offers dried black cherry, clove and a hint of tobacco alongside supple tannins. It's already accessible so enjoy soon.
Overripe and raisiny, with a sweet-and-sour sharpness. Not a bad wine, but rustic.
Greenish-yellow in the glass, with aromas of tart tropical fruit, honeydew and bell pepper. Nice balanced, backed by firm acids. Lemon, lime and melon appear on the palate, then quickly finish.
There's too much oak on this wine. The charry wood and vanilla jumps right out and clubs you. The underlying wine, while pretty, isn't a heavyweight. It's pleasant in cherries, but lacks a middle, which oak can't make up for.
This peach- and pear-scented wine was bottled with screw caps so you needn't fear TCA. Baking spices accent simple peach and pear flavors in this medium-weight Riesling. Finishes dry and stony.
A special, 25th anniversary bottling, this is a knockout. Dark, smoky and tannic, this has a deep, black fruit flavor, threaded with rich streaks of licorice, coffee and chocolate. Further detail comes in the form of peppery herb. This is thick, muscular and integrated.
The aromas are light, with notes of herb and stone fruit that don't seem to have fully ripened. The palate is full and broad but seems to lack a sense of clarity.
This sturdy, homespun red blend of 65% Syrah, 20% Zinfandel and 15% Cabernet Sauvignon pushes spicy cherry flavors ahead of earthy tannins set on a bed of rock. It's a fine, all-purpose barbeque red.
Smoothness and richness describe this full-bodied wine. It smells plummy and raisiny, tastes ripe like dried fruit, and has a firm texture.
This red starts with savory warming spice aromas of cinnamon and clove with a touch of red fruit, rolling into flavors of sweet cedar, smoke and plum on the palate. The wine is easy drinking with a soft touch. Approachable and pretty.
Yorkville's Malbec has pleasing aromas of dark plum and fig and is medium-bodied. A good wine that's fairly low in alcohol.
This modern red blend from Bolgheri shows plump, ripe notes of black cherry and chocolate in an incredibly rich and persuasive package. Coronato is round, soft, generous and beautifully intense.
This stunning, full-bodied wine is in the running as one of the best white wines in Italy. It's perfumed with acacia flower, Spanish broom, beeswax, flint and tree fruit. The delicious palate delivers green apple, Anjou pear and mineral sensations of mesmerizing depth. It will develop even more complexity over time. Drink through 2025.
It might be a tad too late to enjoy this typically early-drinking wine, with the alcohol now overpowering the green plum and pineapple core fruit flavors. Hold out for the 2010.
This is big and dark on the nose, but also kind of generic. It feels round, flush and tannic, with blackberry, chocolate and a mild bitterness to the palate. The wine finishes big and chewy, but there's a persistent, controlled bitterness to the flavor profile.
Unlike so many Condrieus, this is a wine that needs to be aged. From a parcel of land in the south end of the Condrieu appellation, this vintage is currently dominated by new wood. But under that, there is elegant, spicy fruit with delicious flavors of ripe pears and peaches. Just a hint of acidity gives it structure and considerable potential for aging.
A bit light in body, but rich in raspberries, cherries, pomegranates, cola and spicy vanilla, with a smoky coating of oak. Excellent Central Coast acidity perks things up. Drink now with a nice steak.
Although the aromas are marked by a prominent flinty, struck-match character, the flavors are fresh and clean, revolving around the tropical duo of passion fruit and pineapple. Drink this fruit-driven wine over the next several months.
Quite yellow in the glass, this twist-top bottling shows a slight hint of reduction, with aromas of beeswax, lemon peel and yellow grapefruit pith. There's a good sizzle of acidity to the palate and a steely texture, but it's a tad ripe with lemon candy and spun-sugar flavors.
This complex, light and floral estate wine is subtle in lemon and green apple, tart without being sour. It has low to no oak imprint interfering with the freshness of the fruit and texture, the minerality lasting a long time on the finish.
Canella always produces a light and refreshing Prosecco that makes a natural pairing partner to appetizers and finger foods. The nose is neutral, but pristine and light mineral shadings are followed by zesty crispness.
This has what we're looking for in a good, dry red for dinner time, namely fruit aromas, tasty fruit flavors, full body and a firm texture of tannins and acidity. It makes a nice candidate for house red.
The winery has made a specialty of this variety for years, always taking care to keep prices low, and consumers are the beneficiaries. The ‘06 is bright and zesty, with intense flavors of fresh-picked green apples and white pepper. Nice as an aperitif, or an alternative to Sauvignon Blanc or Pinot Grigio.
Almost catches the upper echelon, but some burnt, grassy character on the nose holds it back just a little. That said, the wine sings with round berry fruit that's accented by chocolate. Medium in weight and forcefulness. Very good but can be better.
The aromas that come together are those of scorched earth, grilled porcini, roasted coffee bean and a bit of burnt rubber. The mature palate offers dried cherry, blackberry confiture, mocha, vanilla and a hint of game alongside tongue-drying tannins that clench the finish. Give this a few years to unfold then drink sooner rather than later.
Swan's longtime winemaker, Rod Berglund, turns his Pinot-esque hand to Gewürztraminer with this well-crafted, aromatic young white wine. Dry and crisply acidic, it shows intricate flavors of citrus, yellow apricot, lychee and honeysuckle flower, along with an enormous burst of dusty Asian spices.
A little mealy on the nose, with apple and melon aromas poking through. The palate is both pithy and sharp, with citric acids providing the basis for grapefruit and orange flavors. Pithy on the finish, with passionfruit notes.
Red fruit and spices—cinnamon, pepper—dominate the nose of this solid, easygoing Agiorgitiko from Nemea. The palate offers perky red berry, spice and minerals in a full-bodied and smooth package. A dependable, elegant red.
A Brut made from 45% Chardonnay, 42% Pinot Noir and 13% Sauvignon Blanc, this nonvintage sparkler is salmon in color and creamy on first pour. Crisp with a long finish, the flavors that dominate involve apple and Asian pear.
There's a dash of rockiness to the nose of this wine from one of the main producers in this warmer Santa Barbara appellation, but the aromas are mostly ripe pear and red apple. There's not a ton of flair to the light and easy palate, so expect poached pears, a touch of green apple and some grassiness.
Here's an easy, soft Pinot, a real crowd pleaser. It's rich and forward in raspberries, cherries, spices, cola and sandalwood. So easy to like now for its fresh, fruity appeal.
One of the star grapes of the Alentejo, this is a ripe, full-bodied and deliciously juicy wine. Almost black in color, it is packed with tannins, spice, intense acidity and a fine structure. It could do with some aging, so drink from 2016.
Spicy, herbal black-fruit flavors are punchy and potent but shallow. This shows plenty of intensity on a narrow, clamping palate. Peppery plum and black currant flavors finish charred and fiery, with heat.
This is a simple but appealing rosé, defined by strawberry fruit, hints of chalk dust and a mouthwatering finish.
Fragrant and refined, this has classic Nebbiolo aromas of woodland berry, rose petal, tilled soil and a balsamic note of eucalyptus. It's vibrant, elegant and balanced, boasting juicy cherry, crushed strawberry, white pepper and a hint of licorice framed in bright acidity and taut, polished tannins. Drink 2019–2026.
Enormously fruity and ripe, this Cab explodes with blackberry, blueberry, currant, and chocolate flavors that can only develop in a warm region. Yet there's enough of an acid-tannin structure to give it balance. Try pairing with steak with a gorgonzola cream sauce.
A defined, balanced, artistic rendition of Malbec. Cola and hard spices mix with leather and sweet marshmallow on the bouquet, then it dishes berry pie, coffee and mocha flavors. Plenty of charcoal and chocolate create a sturdy but delectable finish. An excellent Malbec.
A lot of leather and olive make for an herbal aromatic greeting. The palate is megachunky and extracted, with huge tannins. Packed with dark fruit, biting tannins and heavy, drilling weight. A massive wine that nearly calls for a knife and fork. 75% Syrah and 25% Cab Sauvignon.
This popular brand's pink version is off dry, lightly fizzy and fruity. It has a strawberry-sherbet character that is attractive and great for summer drinking.
Ripe and tropical on the nose, this off-dry wine is chock-full of fleshy cantaloupe and nectarine flavors, balanced by nervy acidity and bitter tea-leaf notes. Full bodied and a tad blowsy, this finishes long on a floral note.
A faint smoky character wafts through warm, inviting aromas of lemon peels, nectarine and sea salt on the nose of this wine from Monterey County. There is a lot of energetic acidity on the palate, where even flavors of apple and pear are cut by lemon-lime briskness and a briny character.
Funky aromas of red plum are leafy and come with an odd scent of clove. This feels grabby, while salty flavors of clove and dried-out red fruits finish mildly woody.
Hints of spring ramps and earth blow off with aeration to reveal pretty floral and lemon aromas on this off-dry, single-vineyard Pinot Blanc. The palate is a bit demure in fruit concentration, but brisk lemon-lime acidity shines through the richly textured palate.
This 2004 is a really nice rendition of this wine, silky and seductive, almost soft upon entry but rich and intense with beautifully mixed flavors of baked fruits, cinnamon, smoke, coffee grounds, black tea, vanilla custard and a lick of butterscotch. In short, this is an extremely entertaining wine that showers the palate with a three ring circus of sensuous flavors.
The Tuenge (tongue-GEE) Vineyard was originally Chehalem Mountain Vineyard, first planted almost 40 years ago. A complex nose of spiced plums and cherries opens into a fruit-laden midpalate, adding blackberries and a thin vein of citrus. Firmly tannic, this precise, sculpted effort brings a refined structure, with just a whiff of volatility.
Inky, earthy berry aromas come with a hint of animal. This feels grabby but solid, with firm tannins. Standard plum and berry aromas are the slightest bit stalky, while flavors of roasted black fruits and coffee are bolstered by hard tannins on the finish.
Ripe, rich notes of blueberry and grape jelly lend a slightly confected tone to pristine cherry and berry flavors. It's lush and soft on the palate, with dense, grippy tannins that add structure to the finish.
This dynamic producer (with the help of consulting enologist Carlo Ferrini) delivers a modern, plush wine with rich chocolate tones and solid cherry nuances in the mouth.
Savory and ripe. The nose starts with earthy fruit combined with leather and mushroom. The palate is deep and full, with notes of brandied cherries, sautéed porcini and chocolate. Fades a bit on the finish, leaving coffee and bitter chocolate. Very good, with just the slightest herbal character.
Composer Joseph Haydn was the court composer for the Esterházy family which still owns this winery. This strongly wood-aged wine has its own elegance and style with fruit coming through strongly from under the darker exterior. Give this finely structured wine time and drink from 2017.
Perfumed while also bone-dry, this is a lively, ripe wine. Tight acidity is balanced by warmer red apple and peach flavors. The aftertaste is fresh, mineral and crisp.
A delicious food rosé, rich and rounded with a good structure and a bite of acidity. Red apple and pink grapefruit complement the sweeter berry fruits. The extra year of aging before release has brought some sophistication.
This light and earthy wine has plenty of fruit flavor and funky, spicy accents. Its light texture and soft tannins make it easy to sip.
Orange peel and raspberry aromas meet a touch of sourness on the nose of this bottling from Joey Tensley and Alex Guarachi, which comes after the label's more successful red and white wines. The palate maintains good acidity and grip, with berry compote and earthy flavors.
Merlot and Nerello Mascalese make for perfect blending partners, creating a wine with cherry softness and bright fruit intensity, plus volcanic minerality and elegance. Polished and clean on the finish.
Dark, luscious and inky in appearance, Antrum shows thick and juicy aromas of jammy fruit, blackberry pie and rum cake. There are hints of dark spice and leather, with a touch of sour fruit and grittiness on the close.
The nose is almost neutral save for subtle notes of white stone, honey and pear. But on the palate, the wine proves itself, thanks to its smooth and silky consistency.
Incò is a blend of Friulano (80%) and Pinot Bianco that opens with a solid, but neutral, bouquet and a creamy feel in the mouth. Pair this structured white with spicy chicken Tandoori.
Yes, it's from Da Coach, of Bears legend, and the wine lives up to its gluteus moniker. There's nothing subtle about this blend of Zin, Syrah, Petite Sirah and Viognier. It's big in brambly berry and citrus flavors, tannic, high in alcohol, rich in tannins, and made for tailgate barbecue.
Made from 58% Cabernet Sauvignon, 22% Merlot and 20% Cabernet Franc, this rosé was made in the saignée method, cold fermented for six weeks, left sur lies and cold stored, producing an intense, structured wine thick in strawberry and raspberry flavor with just a hint of herbal amidst its complex layers.
Made from old vines, this ripe, intensely fruity wine has flavors of green plums and gooseberries to go with a firm, tight structure that promises a couple of years aging. Imported by Bayfield Importing Ltd.
Made from the local Sciaccarellu grape, this is a delicious, light and perfumed wine. It has tight acidity to go with the red currant flavors and the crisp texture. The wine is poised and refreshing.
This textbook Barolo's new leather, cake spice and menthol aromas jump out of the glass. On the firmly structured palate, cinnamon and licorice notes underscore red cherry, cranberry and orange zest flavors. Tight, noble tannins and bright acidity provide the framework, suggesting it will age beautifully for decades. Drink 2023–2043.
The aromas on this Soave are absolutely beautiful and the wine offers just the right density in the mouth to support all that preach and citrus intensity. This is a lovely Soave to pair will grilled shrimp or fish tacos.
The eucalyptus in this wine detracts from what else might be going on. It provides a medicinal atmosphere that's hard to shake, leading the way to a lean, bitter finish.
Big, soft and lush, this Cabernet tastes like melted chocolate fudge laced with crème de cassis and a splash of espresso. It's as rich as a dessert pastry, but with sturdy tannins and plenty of toasty oak it defines power. What it needs is subtlety and complexity.
Tomato and basil aromas are suggestive of bolognese sauce. In the mouth, this blend of 70% Cabernet Sauvigon and 30% Merlot is rich, syrupy and full of sweet, savory flavors that include molasses, brown sugar, baked berry fruits and oak. A spicy tasting finish includes chocolate and lasting savory notes. Drink through 2018.
Made from estate grapes, this blend of all five Bordeaux varieties shows the hard tannins and minerality that characterize Howell Mountain reds. However, it's surprisingly soft and its blackberries and currants are modest in scale, making it a sound wine for drinking now, but not for aging.
This is a juicy wine with fresh acidity and red berry flavors. It is bright with fruits although also with a dry core. The juiciness should develop, so drink from 2017. Vincent and Ludivine l'Amouller, the estate's fourth generation, began converting the vineyard to certified organic in 2010.
Forward and delicious, this offers waves of blackberries, cherries, currants, anise and cedar that are wrapped in firm yet supple tannins. Drink now–2016.
This vineyard is regarded as the finest of the Grand Crus, certainly for its more serious character. This 2014 has great complexity, toast and spice mingling with the mineral and white-fruit flavors. It is obviously set for long-term aging with its wood still not fully integrated. Drink this impressive wine from 2020.
Soft and fruity, this lightly structured wine is rich and dense. Its blackberry fruit is supported by balanced tannins and acidity. Made to be enjoyed young, so drink up.
Berries, toast, pepper and chocolate form a fairly complex set of aromatics. Plum, cherry and a certain earthiness are supported by a nice touch of cedar. The acids seem slightly high on the palate, but the finish takes care of everything—it really steals the show.
This is a dynamic wine, showing Key lime, yellow apples, oak smoke, butter, tangerine pith, macadamia nut and sea salt on the nose. The palate is streamlined with lime pith, lemon rind and seared pineapple flavors.
A typically light Brouilly that is fresh, full of cherry acidity and soft tannins. It has a juicy element, lightly herbal and with stalky, tight fruit at the end. Drink now.
Soft hints of peach, verbena and peony grace the delicate nose of this lightweight white. Touches of green banana and pear flesh out the palate, while ample acidity keeps the mouthfeel fresh through the finish. Drink now.
Whiffs of slate and petrol add nuance to white flower and pineapple aromas on this intensely minerally, dry Riesling. The palate is lush and full with ripe nectarine flavor, freshened with a swathe of fresh green herbs on the finish.
A striking shade of amber/orange, this soft and fruity wine is open and loose knit, with broad flavors of mature, slightly oxidized tree fruits, plus lightly spicy notes of cinnamon and baking spices. It's very well made, but well apart from any standard approach.
Scratchy rhubarb aromas run tart and weedy. The palate on this basic Merlot is high in acid and thus shrill, with sharp raspberry and cherry flavors. A short, choppy finish with sour plum flavors closes out this marginal, crisp wine.
Lemon rind and fresh white fruits are the hallmark of this elegant white. The style is focused but with a touch of layered fruit. Great for food pairing; think grilled salmon or Thai cuisine.
Lovely, fresh and enticing green Conference pear flavors abound on nose and palate where they are met with a tangy grapefruit zestiness. This is ultralight and very refreshing. Drink soon.
Dry, yes, but this wine is also soft and ripe. It has an attractive toasty character giving power to the midpalate. It's in the finish that the real acidity and dryness show most.
This classically crafted wine opens with earthy aromas of rose, violet, leather and a whiff of game while the juicy palate offers black cherry, cinnamon and star anise. Chewy tannins provide support. It's already approachable but will continue to drink well over the next several years. Drink through 2022.
Like a stage actress, this wine is wearing a lot of makeup, which in this case means oak. In the mouth, it's tannic, rough and acidic. Flavors of baked berry, stewed plum, herb, molasses and raisin finish plump but with modest energy.
These two great grape varieties make interesting partners. The rich Alvarinho with its apples and cream character balances the perfumed, spicy Viognier to give a harmonious whole. It is a delicious wine, ready to drink.
Sun-ripened bramble and fresh herbs lend freshness to sweet cantaloupe and peach flavors in this deeply fruity yet earth-inflected auslese. It's lusciously sweet yet taut and bristling with acidity. The finish is marked by mouthfilling, lingering nectar.
Sweet smelling, but welcoming and true to the cream style. Feels creamy and soft by Sherry standards, with prune, raisin, caramel, toffee and chocolate flavors. Turns a touch bitter on the finish, with a final dose of raisin, honey and toffee.
This bright wine bursts with crisp acidity as well as layered pear and apple fruits. It is already a delicious wine, its vivid texture a foil to the edge of spice. Screwcap.
This light-fruited wine is the most widely available of the winery's Pinots. Its cherry and orange candy flavors give it a pleasant, albeit superficial, entry. Don't expect complexity, but for a light and accessible taste of the Willamette Valley, it's a fair value.
This is a bright, ripe wine. It has a sense of lightness, attractive acidity and black currant flavors. This delicious, juicy wine will be ready to drink in another few months.
Bold and brawny, this opens with aromas of pressed violet, dried plum and a whiff of cake spice. The full-bodied palate doles out brandied black cherry, licorice, black pepper and nutmeg alongside tightly knit, fine-grained tannins.
Pretty standard Chardonnay. Shows the wine's cream, buttered toast and fruit flavors, but in a thin, simple way.
Shows some of the warmth of the vintage in its elevated alcohol levels and high-toned fruit. It's full-bodied and supple, with flavors of brandied plums and baking spices. Drink it over the next few years.
With its hefty price tag and limited production (150 cases), consumers aren't likely to stumble across this wine, but it's worth a try, if only to see what the NZ possibilities are for Cabernet Sauvignon. Herb-tinged cassis aromas and flavors are framed by vanilla oak, soft tannins and balanced acidity. Finishes long, picking up hints of tea and tobacco leaves. Drink now–2015.
Tight, citric and minerally up front, with less-than-expressive white fruit aromas. Extremely high in acidity, which is why this wine is still kicking. Tastes of tart white grapes and citrus, with zest galore on the finish. 220 cases produced.
Get past the meaty aromas and the wine is smooth, caramel and spice flavored. The wood flavors are prominent suggesting the wine has been aged well. At the end, berry fruits and acidity come through.
Dusty apple and mineral aromas are composed, not loud, while additional peach-pit notes are crisp. This mature Godello is round and solid in composition, while stony apple and quince flavors finish long and in good shape. Drink now.
A controversial wine with our panel. Some loved it for its idiosyncratic aromas and thick, unctuous mouthfeel, while others penalized it for the same characteristics. One reviewer's complex, hard-to-describe aroma was canceled out by another's earthy, mulchy scents. There is a solid core of peach and pineapple fruit, so on balance, our rating is positive.
This blend of Aragonez and Touriga Nacional is particularly crisp and fruity. It has some richness, but it is the bright red berry and red currant fruit that makes it so refreshing. Drink now.
A bold aroma of warm salted butter melds with notes of undergrowth, dark cherry and raspberry. Malleable at first, the palate becomes jolted by elevated acids, making the wine feel edgy on the finish.
This grand cru Riesling screams of terroir. Strong aromas of petrol, pineapple and honey emanate from the glass while flavors of ripe red delicious apple, bergamot and ruby red grapefruit dance on your palate. Medium-full body and a long mineral finish add the finishing touches to this beauty.
Mature berry aromas carry a strong sidenote of raisin. This Tempranillo from the Granada area is tightly wound, with crisp, dry flavors of prune, vanilla and raw oak. Overall this seems a bit cooked and past its prime.
This vibrant sparkler opens with aromas of ripe red berry and spice. Made from Frappato, the lively palate doles out wild strawberries, crushed cherries and just a hint of white pepper alongside firm acidity and persistent bubbles.
Light and very fresh, crystal-clear wine, with light, bright acidity and very soft creamy pear flavors. A perfect apéritif style. Screwcap.
This wine is pale pink in color. Lightly reduced aromas of dried herb and cherry are followed by an elegantly styled palate, etched with orange-peel flavors. It brings intrigue but the concentration doesn't always seem all there.
Rooty aromas of cola nut, baked berry fruits and blackberry jam set up a plush, jammy palate of solid tannic framework. Baked berry, dark plum and loamy notes end with meaty, roasted flavors that are typical of a well-made wine from Jumilla. This is 60% Monastrell, 25% Tempranillo and 15% Cabernet Sauvignon.
Could and should be sweeter than 3.9% residual sugar to justify being a dessert wine. Teases with somewhat sweet blackberry, chocolate and pepper flavors that pull back to a tannic, earthy finish.
Certainly soft, as befits a pure Merlot wine, with smoky tannins and cranberry fruit juice flavors. There is a coolness to the wine, heightened by the acidity, a product of the vintage.
Aromas of red berry, tilled earth, menthol and dark cooking spice unfold in the glass. The structured, elegant palate doles out ripe wild cherry, mint, licorice, blood orange and chopped herb alongside firm, fine-grained tannins. It's still tight so let it unwind for a few more years. Drink after 2019.
Smells like citrus and peach, with a cottony-vanilla overlay. Citrus stays the course on the palate, but the flavors are halfhearted, and the feel soft. But Marquee's sleek new packaging is quite nice. Imported by Marquee Selections.
This is a rich, jammy wine, with ripe raspberry, cherry and spice flavors. Blended with a little Merlot and Petit Verdot, it's made in the popular style, featuring sweet fruit with a touch of oak. The tannins are pretty thick, and the wine might improve with a few years in the cellar.
Leather, smoked beef, beef jerky and black currant aromas show on the nose of this smoky bottling, whose name is a nod to one of the historic Hearst Ranch's old cowboy camps. Smoked meat and coffee-crusted beef roast arise on the palate, alongside dried oregano, dried cherries, brown coffee and milk chocolate lushness.
The label says it's dry, but it's not really. There's a jammy sweetness to the apricot, orange and strawberry flavors. But there's also plenty of cleansing acidity. Drink now with pork, ham and smoked sausage dishes.
A really nice Merlot, and look at that price. It's dry, elegant and entirely balanced, with a rich earthy texture. Shows classic flavors of black cherries, black currants, violets, anise and sweet sandalwood. Terrific value.
Very herbal and green, this is an intensely grassy wine, with a catty character. It's crisp, fresh and ready to drink.
Quite good and above the masses when compared to the bulk of rosé wines coming from Argentina. Made from Malbec, it's bright and floral, with a touch of citrus to the nose. Healthy, vibrant, balanced and cleansing, with flavors of berries, nectarine and pink grapefruit. Drink now.
A spray of fragrant summer blossom and a spritz of mandarin zest promise fruit-driven, gentle but very effective refreshment. The light body is very elegant and rather moreish.
Certainly an apéritif style, this is still a rich Chardonnay, toasty, developed, with white flower aromas and honey and citrus flavors, that hint at tropical fruits. This is a beautifully balanced wine, flowing through its development towards maturity, but still with good aging potential.
Tannic and gritty now, with a hard mouthfeel, and it's hard to imagine the wine will ever resolve its issues. However, it's clean and dry and intricately layered in blackberries and cedar. Give it a good decant.
This wine's aromas are quite restrained but include whiffs of red fruit and spice. The palate is light to medium bodied, showing both subtlety and balance. A lovely wine lacking only in aromatic expression.
A bright pinkish-orange color makes this light-bodied wine stand out from the beginning, Fresh watermelon and cherry flavors carry on the rounded palate, with a slight sweetness giving softness.
This is a blend of the three of the producer's single-vineyards, 42% from Atoosa, 29% Samantha and 29% Moaveni. The whole is greater than its parts in its complementary marriage of floral violet and lavender with black pepper and meat, the texture soft and plush.
The blend of Sauvignon Blanc and Sémillon has produced an attractive, fruity wine that's young and fresh. Light and bright, with delicious final acidity, its structure suggests it could age; drink from the end of 2015.
Guigal's Côtes du Rhône rosé is a blend of 70% Grenache, 20% Cinsault and 10% Syrah. It's a dark pink shade, rather full bodied and rich. Some earthy, savory notes help balance out the intense cherry-berry fruit, lingering on the finish.
A firmly tannic wine, solid and concentrated, which shows great spicy Zweigelt varietal flavor, as well as dense black cherries and toast. This is a wine that needs some aging, maybe over 3 years.
Dusty medicinal cherry aromas are a touch earthy. This feels flat and low on structure, but at 11.5% ABV that should be expected. Roasted plum flavors finish with a rustic hickory note.
Very crisp, this young, fruity wine has intense apple and citrus acidity over its bitter almond character and light mousse. It needs a few months of bottle aging to soften the acidity.
This fresh, light-bodied dessert wine opens with classic Moscato aromas of sage, exotic fruit and yellow stone fruit. The frothy palate delivers apricot, yellow peach and a hint of honey alongside mouthwatering acidity. It has a quenching crispness that stops it from being too sweet while the restrained alcohol makes it perfect for brunch and summer picnics.
Seriously structured, this wine is almost too rich. It is concentrated, with dense tannins, dark chocolate and cocoa flavors. The juicy, jammy black fruits come with the acidity to give the wine some welcome crispness and fruitiness. Drink from 2020.
Wild berry, exotic spice, crushed violet and a whiff of Mediterranean herb aromas lead the way. The polished, austere palate offers up dried black cherry, leather, anise and white pepper framed in assertive tannins. Give this a few more years to soften then enjoy. Drink from 2019 through 2024.
This wine smacks you in the face first thing, demanding attention, before settling into mouthwateringly succulent layers of Asian pear, graham cracker and Nilla wafer. An underbelly of oak supports the fruit, remaining subtle and providing structure. The acidity shines most on the finish, inviting further exploration.
This wine draws from a handful of tremendous vineyard sites, including the producer's estate, Platt and Clary Ranch, all cool-climate and windswept. It's a tight, light and minimally messed-with wine, bright in cherry, pomegranate and rose.
Dominated by oak, this simple Chardonnay has woody notes with underlying citrus, apricot and tropical-fruit flavors that are a tad thin.
A wine that makes you take notice. The bouquet is intense, with minerality, char, huge black-fruit aromas and handsome shadings of chocolate and coffee. Power and purity come on like gangbusters, and the flavors are a classic mix of blackberry, cassis and fine Swiss chocolate. Heady, smooth and impressive. My highest rated wine yet from Carlos Pulenta's Vistalba label. Drink now through 2014. Composed of 87% Malbec with Bonarda and Cabernet Sauvignon.
The Powers family are partners in the justly famed Champoux vineyard, and this is their 15th vintage making this wine. For some it will seem a bit too ripe, for others just right. Port-like aromas introduce flavors of fig, prune and kirsch. The wine seems to be drying out a bit; this is one to drink, not to cellar.
The label doesn't tell us what the blend is, but it's a blend of Syrah, Merlot, Petite Sirah and Zinfandel. The texture is soft, and the flavors are rich and ripe in cherries, currants and spicy, umami teriyaki. Earns an extra point for sheer likeability.
This is a ripe, rich red-fruit-flavored wine. It has great concentration and a dense texture that spotlights bright fruit, plus a touch of tannin from the red wine used to give color. This bottling needs to age further, so drink from 2018.
This dark-colored blend of Touriga Nacional and Castelão shows intense fruitiness and concentrated structure. A full-bodied and black-fruit-driven wine, this will age over the next few years, and the tannins will round out to add more richness.
This soft and fruity wine was produced from vines between Bourg and Blaye. A perfumed, floral aroma makes it bright and fruity. Its black currant flavors are twisted by tannins and acidity. Drink from 2018.
This classic Champagne blend of Pinot Noir and Chardonnay is dry and crisp with raspberry, orange and leesy flavors. It's quite a good brut, but slightly rough in texture. Drink up.
The popular dry red wine, Sagrantino di Montefalco, was originally born as a sweet sacramental wine much like this expression from Fongoli. Sweet overtones of dried currant and cassis are backed by a thick wall of jackhammer tannins.
Deep, pungent dark-berry aromas open this round, inviting cherry and raspberry flavored wine. Round and almost overly suave on the palate, it has ample black cherry, chocolate and toast flavors, and closes with a finish sporting dried fruits. The dry, talcum-like tannins allow for early drinking.
Yellow fruit dominates the palate, which also has an unusual powdery mouthfeel. The yellow fruit on the finish is a little dilute. Nose is smoky, almost barbecuey, with a petrol note.
Plump blackberries and blueberries gain complexity on the nose of this bottling with touches of chipped cedar and smashed grapeseeds. Woody flavors show on the palate, with more grapeseed and some black tea. It's quite firm in tannins.
Toast and brioche aromas lead this rich, generous wine. It has considerable bottle age, meaning the youthful freshness has been replaced by a mature character. Dry in style yet quite ripe, this is a Champagne for food.
Red berry fruit with touches of vanilla and spice give this bargain-priced Pinot a candied but inviting set of aromas. The palate runs on fresh fruit, and overall it's all about clean, forward juicy flavors and very little extra. A nice aperitif Pinot Noir.
Forest floor, new leather, ripe, dark-skinned berry and hint of blue flower are some of the scents you'll discover on this structured, polished red. The smooth, delicious palate offers layers of fleshy black cherry, baking spice and dried Mediterranean herb while firm, refined tannins provide the framework.
The 2008 vintage was a tough one at Kilikanoon according to winemaker Kevin Mitchell, but this second label has turned out well. It's full-bodied and richly textured, with notes of tar and black olive up front, turning warm and slightly raisiny on the finish and marked with a touch of bitter coffee. Drink now.
A Garrafeira is a special selection of wines, and this rich blend of Trincadeira, Aragonez and the Alicante Bouschet is powerful and concentrated. With its dark plum flavor, rich tannins and generous texture, it's smooth, dense and ready to drink.
With its intense black color and perfumed aromas, this is a superb wine. The palate is firm, solid, still tannic, with the fruit just coming into balance. Nineteen months of wood aging has rounded the wine without dominating. Give this seriously ageworthy wine 5–6 years.
With a tiny bit of breathing room, this wine opens up magically into dark earth, crushed asphalt, blackberry jam, cappuccino and mocha on the nose, which predict a tarry texture. Indeed, the structure is firm and fine-tuned, yet vibrant with boisterous acidity, showing layered flavors of dark fruit enhance by cedar, sandalwood and incense notes. Drink 2017–2033.
A clean, classic minerality leads on this unique and food-friendly Chardonnay. On the palate, fresh fruit flavors mingle with a touch of oak, and the finish offers both length and character.
This is beautully concentrated and full of great richness yet seems closed at the moment. Its apricot jelly and dried fruit flavors, acidity and botrytis are in perfect balance, developing intensity as it opens. A full, generous wine with a great future. Drink from 2023.
Pure, perfumed wine, its floral currant flavored fruit dancing in the glass. There is a bright lift to this delicious fruity wine, just demanding to be drunk. Screw cap.
This is full of bitter marmalade and maple syrup flavors while also showing considerable wood-aging flavors. It is structured, still showing some hints of fruit while also bringing out a strongly mature character.
Very ripe fruit is discernible on nose and palate and gives a sense of generosity with even a touch of spice. Lemony freshness provides a wonderful counterpoint to this generosity and makes for a very appetizing moreish finish.
Made in a rather austere style, with minimal time in oak, this wine offers crisp texture and body complemented by a tartness of Golden Delicious apple that finishes with creamy lushness.
This shows fruity fragrances of black cherry, plum and red currant, with a soft pepper note. The palate offers juicy cherry and cinnamon flavors, and although forward, it has some freshness and a bright character.
Simple, well made and tropical, with a touch of oak. The palate is zesty, citric and healthy, with pineapple and orange flavors along with a pinch of star anise, vanillin and pith. Finishes fresh and juicy, with mild vanilla shadings.
This powerful and tannic wine impresses with its concentration, dark black fruit and dry core, proving it's made for long-term aging. A field blend of old vines, it shows both density and a minerality that comes from the vineyard's schist soil. Drink from 2019.
This is a blend of Sémillon and Cabernet Franc. With its creamy texture and bright citrus flavors, it is an attractively fruity wine. Its crisp fruitiness makes it dry, although there is a soft side to the wine that blunts the acidity. Drink now.
A considerable step up in quality from the basic Yealands Sauvignon Blanc, this offering boasts attractive aromas of white grapefruit and pea tendrils. There's a silky texture and green, grassy elements on the palate, but they never stray too far into vegetal, finishing zesty and clean.
Here is a 60-40% Insolia-Chardonnay blend that appears rather neutral on the nose. Distant stone fruit and mineral notes carry forward a lean mouthfeel. Imported by Empson
Jermann is the proud producer of some of Italy's best white wines. This effort offers rich sophistication, with pretty tones of almond, exotic fruit, apricot and caramel.
Salmon colored, with forward aromas of dust, earth, spice and red fruits. The palate is nicely decorated with cherry notes and brown sugar, while the finish moves quickly from fruit to vanilla and cream soda. Nice but a touch confected.
Sweet with flavors of molasses and sweet chocolate, this is for lovers of a gentler side of Port. It is full, certainly, but it glides over the palate, easily and softly.
This is an easy, fruit-forward wine that would pair well with family dinners and simple pasta dishes. Cherry, bramble, wet earth, pressed violets and light coffee tones characterize the nose and are exactly what you should look for in a no-fuss Chianti. Vibrant berry flavors are carried forward thanks to the wine's smooth structure.
The nose on this wine is quite unique and pleasant, with clean and fresh notes of dried apple and white flowers. The palate is a tad flat, but offers nicely rounded salted apple flavors with the slightest hint of roasted nuts. Decent sip, although not all that varietally familair.
Silky, cherry-fruited elegance and a caressing subtlety make this a winner in the sleekness stakes. There is freshness and perfectly pitched balance, with soft yet structured tannins. Seductive notes of Amarena cherry and dark chocolate, with mere edges of cinnamon, dance on the palate. Drink 2016–2020.
A bold take on a tough grape, this bottling, which also features 20% Roussanne and 3% Grenache Blanc, offers creamy and elegant lemon curd and the slightest touch of marshmallow on the nose, which is then cut by chalky minerality. The palate is oily yet sharp, with dried apple peel and walnut flavors.
A weight of oak and tannin marks this full-blown, bombastic expression of the variety. It has a reduced quality to the fruit and an unexpected twist of mint.
Capable of standing alongside the great Ports of Vesuvio, this table wine reveals the fantastic quality of its vineyard. It is both powerful and elegant, a wood-aged wine bearing a dense, dark flavor of black plum, with damson-tinged acidity. This impressive wine needs more than 5–6 years of aging.
A black-fruit nose with cola notes and earthiness is about as easy as this high-acid Cabernet-Malbec blend gets. In the mouth, it's tartaric and screechy. Grapy berry flavors seem rough due to the high-acid content, and the finish is hard and edgy. All that said, it has good flavors and aromas, but falls down in the mouthfeel.
Sharp and minty, with a wintergreen tartness to the fruitier cherries and herb tea. The wine is supple and dry, with a lovely silky texture, but the acidity is strong.
Fruit is sourced from Bismark Vineyard in the Moon Mountain District. Compared with the winery's Winemaker's Cuvée, this combines Cabernet Sauvignon (83%) with a larger percentage of Malbec (17%). It spends the same amount of time—two years—in French oak, but slightly less of it is new. The flavors are more approachable, still dark, massive and spicy, the taste of oak slightly sweet.
This is a light-bodied, simple and straightforward wine with a generous helping of toasted oak, tropical fruit and sweet vanilla notes.
Penley's 2009 Phoenix offers classic cassis fruit, shored up by hints of mocha, vanilla and menthol. It's medium to full bodied, powerful yet elegant, with tannins that are firm but not unapproachable. Drink now–2020.
This is a good price for a wine of this easy charm. It has a soft, oily texture, with opulent flavors of tropical fruits, flowers, buttercream, honey and spices. There's something egg-noggy about it.
Earthy aromas of scorched soil, game and overripe berry lead the nose while the evolved palate offers dried cherry and grilled sage alongside austere tannins. Give the tannins another year or two to soften but then drink before the remaining fruit dries up.
Slight spritz enhances the green, crunchy apples of this fresh, friendly blend of Neubuger and Grüner Veltliner. Grüner's earthiness and Neuburger's nuttiness shine through but the overall tone is one of lightness and joy.
Although the aromas seem slightly mute—squeezing out notes of toasted brioche, nut, nectarine and golden apple—the palate proves to be much more intense. It's round, soft and slightly heavy in feel, finishing with mouth-watering flavors of lemon Creamsicle and nut.
Dry, harsh and thin in the mouth, with some unripe moldy notes next to the cherries and raspberries. A tough wine to like.
Dense, dark, and young, this beauty is brimming with thrillingly clean, upscale fruit, if you can find it under heavy tannins. It's a well-structured wine with a solid core of blackberry and cassis fruit. Oak is moderate, but noticeable. The overall result is a fancy, very good Cab.
One of those wines that smells so good, you could just sniff and swirl. There's lemongrass, vanilla, spearmint, butter and toast and a honeyed sweetness. Rich and flavorful, with melon and citrus flavors and a round, creamy texture. A slight touch of sweetness makes it fat, but it's basically a dry wine. This is a super value. Buy it by the case for your house white. Best Buy.
The 2002 vintage Champagnes showcase a truly great year. This wine is no exception. It's very dry, but rich in character, with pristine citrus, apple and plum flavors balanced by hints of toast and maturity. It could improve with age, but it's good to drink now.
Tart, leafy, with light strawberry fruit. This has little depth, just a pleasant strawberry nose and a simple, fruity palate.
A brawny yet refined expression of oak and coffee, this is an intense red wine crafted from mostly Syrah grapes, with smaller amounts of Petite Syrah, Zinfandel, Alicante Bouschet and Mourvèdre. Well-made it is balanced and age-worthy, the proper pour for a slab of grilled meat slathered in spicy sauce.
Toast and black pepper aromas are deep and broad. This is a muscular wine, pretty burly but not overly rich, with flavors of cassis, raspberry and toast balanced by black pepper and herb. Very nice; 350 cases produced. Imported by Portet Wine Selections.
Rich and toasty, this is a swirl of mocha and raspberry doing a lovely pas de deux. It's sharp and focused, a little high-toned, and thoroughly delicious.
Punchbowl aromas of melon and papaya are a bit watery. The palate is round and simple in feel, with modest acidity. Easygoing flavors of melon and peach finish nice but short. This is basic white wine in every way.
Furry berry and minty oak aromas are forced. This Cabernet-Malbec blend is saturated and intense to the point of being hard. Medicinal plum and berry flavors are basic, while a peppery shot of oaky mint returns on the finish.
There are many things to love about this blend of Carignan, Garnacha and Cabernet Sauvignon. To begin with, it's properly schisty and spicy on the nose, with mature, slightly herbal berry-fruit scents. This feels dynamic despite showing roasted flavors of red berry, pepper and wild herbs. For under $50, this delivers a lot of quality. Drink now–2016.
Bigger, rounder, toastier yet stylistically of a piece with the winery's regular Chardonnay, this appealing bottling is extra soft and extra rich. The flavors are nicely balanced and creamy,  finishing with a sweet pBordeaux blend comes on with well-ripened fruit, pretty cherry flavors accented with barrel notes of kahlùa, espresso and smoke. Concentrated and smooth throughout, it is the star of this new winery's first lineup of wines.
This pure Cabernet from a lush vintage comes together in a wonderfully supple, dense and complex mix of red and black fruit, coffee, mocha and toast flavors. There is no part of this wine that is not thoroughly delicious. It's very satisfying, long and luscious, with plenty of life ahead—but why wait?
There's a soft, creamy quality to this Sauvignon (with 10% barrel-fermented Picolit added to the blend) that recalls aromas of peach, passion fruit and papaya. There's excellent depth and density here and the wine is generous and chewy in the mouth. Pair this citrusy white with shellfish or pasta con vongole.
Hardly run of the mill, this offering is just too much like fruit juice and not enough like white wine. Basic lemon and grapefruit flavors are offset by some herbaceous grassiness, and the finish is tart, almost sour. The balance isn't really there.
This dry Furmint is brilliant gold in color, with notes of Bartlett pear, Granny Smith apple, and lime zest in the complex bouquet. These aromas transfer seamlessly onto the palate as vibrant fruit flavors, with round body and bracing minerality. Delightful with food or by itself as an apéritif.
A soft earthy character adds depth to the strawberry and rhubarb fruit aromas and flavors. The palate is clean and bright, with a cocoa-dusted red-berry fruit finish.
Firm and detailed, with a mix of very tart berry fruit, and earthier notes of stem and soil. The tannins have been tamed and the balance is just right for a wine that does not try to do too much with the minimal ripeness it has.
The Gobillard style is for crisp wines with a good texture. That style is easy to achieve with a Blanc de Blancs, with the Chardonnay giving a tight, mineral character while leaving room for attractive fruitiness. Packed with citrus and apple flavors with refreshing acidity, this is ready to drink.
A confident wine that shows consistent scores throughout the years, Campomaccione is the kind of wine you can count on for its food pairing potential and good cheer. Morellino di Scansano is characterized by easy, bright berry nuances.
With up to seven years' bottle aging, this is at a fine point between crispness and a fuller, more mature style. It is ripe with red fruits, cut with acidity and a hint of toastiness. Drink now.
Soft and a little on the sweet side, like cherry, raspberry, cocoa and roasted almond granola. Millions of people love this style.
Given this Chandon-owned winery's success with Malbec, you might hope for more here. But this fading Chardonnay doesn't have much going for it. It's flat, with pleasant clove-like aromas and cider-like flavors. It also finishes flat, indicating a short lifespan ahead of it.
A perfumed, red-fruited wine, packed with tannins and huge, concentrated fruit. It has richness, dark structure and an intensity that promises a long future. The balance is not there yet, so wait at least 7–8 years.
As is often the case with Oregon's 2011 Pinots, this remains stubbornly tight, and shows herbal and stem flavors rather than pretty fruit. That said, it also displays the excellent structure of the better wines from the vintage. Underpinnings of acid and tannin, plus the still sharp-edged pomegranate fruit, may carry it up to 2024.
Light, with some sour cherry fruit on the nose and palate that's outweighed throughout by a dry, woodiness that enters early and persists.
Stripped-back cherry and raspberry flavors take on a jammy character with airing. This is tight, bright and mildly acidic on the palate, with raspberry, red plum and brown sugar flavors. Toast and a molasses-like sweetness carry an otherwise juicy finish.
Ripe notions of juicy peach and yellow pear rise from the glass. Around the edges they have an aromatic touch of grapefruit zest. That zesty notion remains a constant fixture on the very rich medium-sweet palate, countering the luscious richness of the fruit which shines with honeyed peach, juicy pear and ripe tangerine. It is the zestiness that frames everything on this rich powerful palate. This is lovely now but it has all the fruit and concentration to age well. Drink 2017–2037.
Alluring aromas suggest crushed blue flower and perfumed berries. The easygoing palate delivers dense black cherry, cedar and a hint of espresso. It's round, ripe and ready to enjoy now.
This dry, firm wine shows a hint of bitter extraction, but the core of the wine is smooth. Give it several years' aging.
This boasts tiny portions of Teroldego, Merlot and Croatina that give the wine a soft, lush disposition. Some 42 months of oak aging also add to the palate's overall silkiness. Flavors of chocolate, cherry, plum, tar, resin and licorice are all recognizable.
Lightly creamy in the mouth, tasting of wet stone and crushed apple, this young wine seems to gain weight as it runs through the palate. The scent and flavor of peanuts permeates the finish. Showing fine definition and length, it should continue to improve with an additional year or two of bottle age.
Orange peel and zesty tangerine follow aromas of honey and butterscotch. Moscato della Torre is a smooth and generous wine with intense flavors and medium acidity. Drink it alone or with aged cheese.
Lots of popcorn and butter on the nose, with more butter along with lemon and apple on the palate. This is a soft, rich wine without a lot of driving acids to spunk things up. Turns increasingly creamy on the finish. Imported by Banfi Vintners.
This offers subdued aromas of vanilla, toasted oak and a whiff of dried orchard fruit. The palate isn't very expressive, displaying buttery notes, white almond and just a hint of citrus peel but it lacks fruit richness to stand up to the racy acidity.
Cedary, leafy, dry aromas of cherry and lemon peel filter into a sinewy, oaky palate with cherry, plum and vanilla flavors. A direct finish is hard-driving and a bit herbal. Like many 2008 Riojas, this is rough and firm in its delivery.
Popcorn, sweet melon and pear aromas dominate the nose. This feels pure and chunky, with honeyed melon, apple and spiced peach flavors. Fruity, thick and tropical in style, this is not too serious but not bad either.
Clean and fresh with medium-intense aromas and flavors of watermelon rind, carnation, red cranberry and a touch of green banana. Balanced and straightforward, and easy to find with 5,000 cases imported.
There's a cotton candy aroma on the nose of this bottling that builds toward tropical fruit scents, such as guava, papaya and cherimoya. Apple pie, mango and coconut cream notes cling to a steely line of structure, feeling clean and crisp on the palate. A pop of bubblegum shows on the finish.
Smells very nice, just lightly floral and minerally. Starts on the palate with a surge of white peach and citrus, then it lets up midpalate, and comes back for a rousing finish. I really liked this Riesling; without that intensity interruption in the middle, its score would have reached the next decile. Imported by Aussie Imports.
Possibly the most famous Blanc de Blancs, this continues to be a yardstick. The style almost floats, a layer of bubbles that rests gently in the mouth, releasing great flavors of very crisp fruits and a texture that hovers between green apples and minerality. This is a classic.
A pretty good Pinot Noir from a producer that specializes in it. Shows the classy balance of the winery's more expensive bottlings, although it's not as rich in fruit. But it's still a nice, dry wine. Easy to find, with 35,800 cases produced.
Great fruit is the story here—a lush mix of cranberry, cherry, blueberry and Bourbon-soaked fig. Complex and delicious, this is drinking very well. It may or may not continue to improve, but why wait?
Bottled after five years, this is an LBV that could well age. It is a ripe wine, bringing out a dry tang of dark raisins and black figs. Attractive perfumes go with the richness of the texture. Tannins add to the aging potential.
Middle of the road white wine, with a nose dictated by pink grapefruit, peach and pear. Not the most exciting painting in the museum, but nothing wrong either. Good but sort of flat.
Light and spicy, this hails from cool-climate sites. It is exhilarating in cinnamon and clove, with a structured core of wild strawberry and a finish of fennel. The aromas of violet that waft forward on the nose are incredibly inviting, as is the wine's silky texture.
Nuances of bramble and grain lend earthy complexity to this otherwise deeply fruity Riesling. Lemon-lime acidity pierces the midpalate, cutting through layers of ripe yellow-cherry and even berry flavors. The finish is lip smackingly sweet. Drink now.
A sound, pleasant Zinfandel with a good array of wild berry, cherry, anise, herb and white pepper flavors. The flavors are quite complex, but the wine is a little sharp and edgy in tannins, with some green notes.
Toasted nut, cedar and cigarbox aromas give thus lush dessert wine an earthy feel. On the palate, dried nuts and fruit flavors and a spicy finish entice. Pair with nuts, cheeses, fruit.
Just getting to maturity, this is hinting at toastiness while also retaining all the bright apple and citrus fruit flavors. The taut and steely texture brings out great freshness and a concentrated final acidity. It is just ready to drink.
Light prune aromas signify a wine on the cusp. Astringent and rubbery in the mouth, this is raw in feel and tastes raisiny and like briary raspberry.
Grassy green-fruit aromas blend with yeasty notes of white bread and croissant. This cava feels solid but a touch foamy. Dry, lightly briny apple and citrus flavors finish with notes of orange, lime and green herbs.
Clos des Varoilles is completely owned by Domaine des Varoilles. This wine is rich and full in the mouth, and it combines opulence with a big, solid structure. Certainly requiring age, this is packed with ripe red-berry and black cherry flavors, layered with dark, smoky tannins.
A healthy mix of boysenberries and strawberry preserves form the core aromas, with touches of spiced toast and purple flower. Delicate tannins lend the palate an open feel, and a green streak cuts through the center. The flavors would benefit from a boost of concentration.
N.P.U. standing for Nec Plus Ultra (translation “nothing further beyond”), this is a ultra-dry Champagne. It needs time to mature, so Bruno Paillard is to be congratulated for only now releasing the 1995 vintage. It has richness and freshness, the white fruits still scintillating in the glass. With the acidity over the ripe fruits, this could certainly age over the next five years or more.
This five-grape Bordeaux blend offers sharp-edged fruit flavors of berry and cassis. Acids are firm, and the tannins have a biting, slightly green, slightly bitter edge. Perhaps more time is the key.
A tiny-production wine that is exuberantly brambly and wild, this has a bouquet of juicy black and red berries at its core. Balanced and elegant despite the generous palate, it has softened tannins and a thickness toward the finish. offering accents of black pepper and brown sugar.
Extremely fragrant and floral, this classic method sparkler delivers a full bouquet of jasmine, honeysuckle and chamomile. But the nose is not just floral: You'll get yellow fruit, peach, honey and a bit of apple pulp as well. The wine closes with a note of bitter almond.
Here's a light and compact expression of ripasso with a luminous appearance and bright aromas of dried currants, cherry cola and dark spice. The wine is lively and tonic in the mouth with tingling acidity. Imported by Palm Bay International.
It's hard not to like this dark-colored and superripe wine made from 60% Alicante Bouschet plus Mourvèdre and Petite Sirah. The broad texture soaks the palate with blackberry jam and chocolate flavors. Soft acidity and mild tannins create a surprisingly gentle mouthfeel considering the power of the wine.
Green pear aromas are joined by a playful, floral note and lifted lightness; on the slender palate there is peppery arugula, too. A super-refreshing summer white.
Trisaetum is making some of the most exciting Rieslings in Oregon; now it can add Pinot Noir to its hit list. Estate grown, elegant and showing more than a little new French oak, this toasty wine drinks like a young Chambolle-Musigny. The tannins are sculpted and firm; the fruit ripe and racy with a mélange of red berries and currants. Give this more time in the bottle to absorb the new oak and shed some of the herbal aromas.
Sharp, simple and candied, with blackberry jam and cola flavors. The tannins are rugged, and the wine finishes with a scour of acidity. Seems at its best now.
Luscious in candied, pastry-filling raspberries and cherries, with dustings of cocoa, cinnamon and vanilla, and a sweet veneer of smoky sandalwood. Could be somewhat crisper and better structured, but a delicious Pinot for drinking now.
Mature notes of raspberry and blueberry are followed by toasted almond and distant notes of exotic spice. This blend of Sangiovese, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon shows harmony and balance between modern oak-related elements and natural fruit. It closes with soft, smooth cherry flavors.
Overly sweet, this soft wine has flavors of sugared crushed cherries,   blackberries and raspberries, like high-class marmalade.
Bold strawberry and cherry flavors come across as just a tiny bit sweet—and there is 8 g/L of residual sugar in this wine. But despite a slightly confected quality, this effusive, berry-flavored blend of Grenache, Cabernet Sauvignon, Shiraz and Pinot Meunier finishes clean and refreshing. Not meant for aging; drink until the next vintage becomes available.
Pale salmon in color, this medium-bodied, vibrant and appetizing wine has canteloupe aromas, lemon and pink grapefruit flavors, and a tasty, tangy balance that lasts from the first sip through the finish.
Even and light, but with copious tart cherry aromas and flavors, this tasty red comes from rugged Extremedura, in southwestern Spain, near Portugal. Saddle leather accents add interest, and the tangy finish closes with balanced tannins that'll cut through food well. Drink now–2005. —M.M.
Black and white pepper splash all over the aromas of the otherwise cherry meringue-driven nose of this blend of 39% Grenache, 33% Syrah, 26% Mourvèdre and 2% Viognier. It's light and airy on the palate, blending fresh strawberry fruit with a cornucopia of peppercorns. It provides a great example of how a fun, lively wine can be savorily serious as well.
Bright, zesty lemon appears alongside yellow Mirabell plum that also pervades the palate. There is linear focus, as befits an icewine made from Riesling—and if you have desserts that feature confit lemon, this is what you need. Incredible that something so rich should be so wonderfully light at the same time.
This bright pink-colored rosé sparkler is packaged in a nifty ribbed bottle that will surely impress your guests. This is an easy and informal wine—perfect for entertaining with friends—with sweet aromas of berry fruit and raspberry.
Inky violet-red in color, this blend offers vivid aromas of cranberry, pomegranate and aniseed. Flavors of black cherry, blueberry pie, caramel and a dash of salinity endure through the lingering finish, against a backdrop of grippy tannins.
This is a delicious wine on all levels. Lazzarito opens in a bold, masculine style with overtones of ripe cherry fruit, leather and cured beef jerky. The wine then segues to soft, textured tannins with power and extra length on the close. It's impossible not to fall in love with a wine of this caliber.
A delicate nose of red plum, cherry, smoke and spice lead into a similar palate that is met with black olive and fig. The oak spice is prevalent, so the fruit is pushed to the background. Pair with barbeque.
Underbrush, forest floor, crushed violet, new leather, mature plum and graphite aromas lead the nose on this brawny red. The hearty palate delivers dried black cherry, blackberry, nutmeg, grilled sage and licorice alongside youthfully aggressive but ripe tannins. Drink 2015–2025.
From a vineyard owned by veterans John and Helen Falcone in the Creston district, this expertly integrated bottling combines blackberry jam, thyme and white pepper on the elegant nose. Juicy black and purple fruits arise once sipped, riding a long line of zesty acidity and cracked black-pepper spice, alongside soy, plum sauce and roasted-beef tips.
This is a big, voluptuous and unbelievably concentrated wine. The blend is Grenache, Syrah and Viognier, grown in two great vineyards, Thompson and Bien Nacido. It dazzles with intense cherry and raspberry purée flavors that are blanketed in sweet, smoky, vanilla-scented new oak. The alcohol is high, but the wine wears it well. Drink now.
Hard to do, but almost all the fruit has been driven off from this most fruity of all grapes. What's left is concentrated and unctuous but excessively mineral, giving an impression of unbalance.
Spicy and fruity, this extracted Zin floods the mouth with raspberry, cherry, currant and red plum flavors that even have a dimension of milk chocolate. It's fully ready to drink now.
Soft, unfocused wine that shows attractive, easy fruits, but not much sense of structure. The fruit is sweet, light and touched with tannins. Drink now.
Aromatically appealing, this suggests black raspberries, tart cherries and herbs, with light citrus and barrel accents. It's tart and quite restrained for the variety with plumy fruit flavors and a slightly chalky feel to the tannins that may resolve with some additional time in the bottle.
The aromas are almost completely shut down, with light notes of corn on the cob and peach. The flavors are lightly concentrated, making it a strain to hear what they have to say.
Musella is a producer of very good reputation in the non-Classico zone, with some of Valpolicella's most beautiful vineyards. This plump ripasso offers density, with loads of sweet berry flavors to boot. Pair it with polenta and gorgonzola cheese. Imported by Vintners Estate Direct Importing.
This is an absolutely beautiful wine from a winery that's quietly been doing a great job with their Cabs. Made from grapes grown high up on Mount Veeder, which insiders know as one of Napa's premier mountain appellations, it's rich and softly refined in blackberry, blueberry, currant and chocolate flavors, with lovely minerality. It will age for a while, but there's no reason not to drink it now.
Lots of acidity in this dry, yet silky, Pinot Noir. It shows flavors of tart cranberries, persimmons and pomegranates, with a jacket of sweet oak. The alcohol is refreshingly low, which gives it a welcome delicacy. Should develop bottle notes over the next eight years, but it's so good now, there's no reason not to drink up.
Hearty and masculine, this has dark fruit aromas of blackberry and prune that are backed by notes of cured meat, leather and Indian spice. Those dark flavors add sensations of sweetness and richness to the overall mouthfeel.
This age-worthy wine smells like the shady side of a mountain, with black olive notes and roasted fennel alongside cedar-spiced strawberries and brambly berries. Both firm tannins and pungent acidity fuel the palate, with cherry, raspberry and slightly bitter espresso. Drink 2020–2025.
Made from some of Sonoma County's oldest Chardonnay plantings, this is an effusively floral wine, rounded and decadent on the midpalate, with a taste of fresh peach and melon. Fennel and vanilla make appearances, with the finish distinctly tropical.
A big-time effort for Arboleda. The wine hits with copious but balanced wood, which creates a strong blast of popcorn on the nose. The mouthfeel is sturdy and intense, with nectarine, honey and toast flavors.
Unabashedly exhibits thick layers of roasted nut, espresso bean, black chocolate and spicy pipe tobacco. The wine is modern and plush and seems to be bursting at the seams in terms of richness and concentration.
Boroli is a young and dynamic winery to watch. This Barolo from the gorgeous Cerequio cru is ripe with traditional aromas of wild berry, leather, soft spice and white truffle. Extra character is added by slightly oddball aromas of carrot and smoked ham that work overall to the wine's favor. Drink after 2015.
This full-bodied white opens with subtle aromas of acacia, beeswax, citrus and stone fruits. The linear palate delivers pink grapefruit, nectarine, peach and mineral supported by a backbone of lively acidity.
The wine is simply crisp red-berry fruit. It has red-currant and wild-strawberry flavors along with intense bright acidity. It's an attractive Pinot Noir, ready to drink now.
A strong, powerful Pinot that's nowhere ready to drink. That's despite massive blackberry, cherry, cola, red currant, licorice and sandalwood flavors that dazzle the palate. The tannins are potent, the acidity is tart and the finish is bone dry. Obviously needs time in the bottle. Try after 2013.
This is a naturally rich and creamy expression of Pinot Bianco that shows power, determination and persistence (at 14% alcohol). Aromas include mature melon and stone fruit and the wine would pair with spicy exotic foods such as Thai beef with cilantro and green chili.
Saintsbury's Garnet bottling established the tradition in California of a lighter-style, but no less elegant, Pinot Noir that retails at a decent price. The '08 doesn't disappoint. It's silky and crisp, with ripe flavors of cherries, raspberries, cola and sandalwood. Now–2011.
Average- quality Chardonnay, with ripe tropical fruit and spice flavors, sound acidity and a pleasantly rich coat of smoky, buttery oak. Seems pricey.
Quite deep and brooding on the nose, this blend of Syrah, Cabernet Franc and Merlot shows mocha, blood, blueberry, smoke, loam and gingerbread on the nose. The showy, ripe purple fruit is restrained by a lava-rock minerality, oregano herbals and cedar tannins that give a grippy texture.
From century-old vines, this is a high-octane, smooth, juicy and soft wine, medium- to full-bodied with flavors of dark cherry-berry baked pie and cola spice.
Blackberry and other sweet aromas lead to a soft, mildly oaky palate with sweet, ripe plum and berry flavors. There's juicy acids and reasonable amounts of toast, licorice and spice on the finish. Not sure what differentiates this from Reserve, but the Barrel Select seems better balanced.
For $20, this bargain basement Tokaji is pretty unbelievable. Abundantly floral and honeyed on the nose, it's deeply concentrated on the palate, with layers of luscious figs and peaches, accented by lanolin and beeswax. Creamy and unctuous on the tongue, yet clean and fresh on the finish, with orange-inflected acidity that lingers.
Thanks to careful oak aging, Monte Zoppega is a dense, aromatic Soave Classico with lingering tones of butter, almond, melon and apricot. The natural density here would pair with chicken in cream sauce.
Cabernet Sauvignon (84%) makes up the majority of this wine, with the rest Cabernet Franc and Merlot. Herb, dark fruit, tobacco, carob and spice aromas are followed by ripe, tannic fruit flavors that seem to tussle at times.
This block designate from Laetitia's estate vineyard comes from a warmer, eastern site. It is high in acidity and extremely dry. The flavors and mouthfeel are so complex that it takes several sips to grasp what's going on, by which time the wine has climbed to even higher levels. This is truly great California Pinot Noir.
This is a fine wine, reflective of the vintage's generosity and approachable nature, giving off flavors of vanilla, cherry and currant alongside a sanguine, gamey character and smoky full-bodied ripeness.
Can't recommend this wine because it's just too thin. It's pretty much watery alcohol, with a few drops of Chard essence.
With its dryness and elegance, this is a good Chardonnay for everyday drinking. The citrus and peach flavors are counterbalanced by an herbal earthiness, like a note of dried sage.
Forward and fruity, this is a tight, tart wine with a jumble of berry and bramble flavors. It's peppery, spicy, but don't look for too much complexity. Gulp it down for the enjoyable quaffer that it's meant to be.
A bit thin, but dry and okay with simple fare, like fruit salad and ham sandwiches. Shows modest flavors of cherries, vanilla and spice.
Ripe bramble and and berry notes are concentrated in this crisp, elegant blend of Merlot and Malbec. It's taut and tight in tannic structure still and oak tones of sweet spice, cedar and chocolate are pronounced, but everything should meld together beautifully between 2018 and 2022.
This Two Blondes is the best ever—powerful and ripe, with a plush mix of raspberry and strawberry fruit, tart and tangy and mouthfilling. This wine has a huge midpalate, but doesn't stop there; as it slowly winds through a full-throttle finish, threads of chocolate, coconut, caramel and coffee appear. The flavors go on for several minutes.
90-92 A wine that is smoky from the wood, while the tannins are firm and structured. It has a dark character, dominated by final new wood flavors.
This blend of Rolle and Ugni Blanc, typical of Provence whites, is smooth, ripe and only lightly textured. The Rolle (Vermentino) that dominates gives an attractive perfumed character as well as a mineral texture and acidity. Drink now.
This softly fruity wine has the lightest of tannins and plenty of simple red-berry fruits. There is an earthy edge to the young wine as well as plenty of acidity at the end. Drink now.
Barrel aromas are out front with notes of wood spice, vanilla and cocoa followed by dark cherries and herb, starting to show a bit of age. The palate is fruit filled but shows the restraint of the vintage. The oak seems a bit overweighted.
Easy to like for its orange and pear soda, vanilla cream and buttered toast flavors that are heightened and brightened with acidity. Shows real richness and class for the price in a popularly appealing Chardonnay.
Sunbaked earth, mature black-skinned fruit, blue flower, tobacco and new leather aromas waft out of the glass. The juicy, chewy palate doles out fleshy black cherry, blackberry, cinnamon, white pepper and a hint of game accompanied by ripe, solid tannins. Drink 2017–2027.
Woody and resiny smelling, with raspberry and plum aromas that are slightly herbal. Hard, tannic and choppy in the mouth, with red berry and herbal flavors that fold in sweet tobacco. Drying on the finish, where the tannins rise up once again.
Richer than many Champagnes from 2007 that focus on delicacy, this ripe, full-bodied wine has a dominance (75%) of fruity, textured Pinot Noir. It features berry fruits, fresh pears and quince, along with a great clean line of acidity. Drink now and until 2018.
Dusty mineral notes add an earthy tone to sweet honeydew and tangerine. Thick, rich and creamy on the palate, it's balanced by a burst of lemony acidity and zesty spice on the finish.
The Greco Bianco grape (a native variety of Calabria in southern Italy) offers compelling aromas of pear, Golden Delicious apple and stone fruit. Librandi does a great job with this wine that shows density and creamy spice on the close. Pair it with white meat or fish.
Produced at Quinta do Carmo, this easy and ripe wine is totally ready to drink. With bright red-berry acidity and soft tannins, the blend of Aragonez and Trincadeira is all fruit, finished with acidity.
The nose is an interesting blend of cocoa, dill, cassis and lemon. Flavors pretty much follow suit, sneaking in some tobacco and cedar shadings before turning lean and lemony. The finish shows off a whack of dry, cedary French oak. Hard to know where this will be in five years—might dry out, might get interestingly complex.
This dry wine smells and tastes vividly like blackberry jam but without the sweetness. It has an intense fruitiness, but also intense structure, because of very firm acidity and thick tannins. It needs lots of time to truly mellow and let any hidden complexity come out. Best after 2020.
Wild berry, dark spice and Mediterranean herb aromas lift out of the glass, accented by a whiff of new leather. The enveloping, full-bodied palate doles out fleshy black cherry, star anise, pipe tobacco and cinnamon notes, framed by chewy tannins. Drink 2020–2027.
There's great ripe fruit here, a wine that has both intense pepperiness and fresh acidity, speaking of terroir. While the wine is intense, it is also as crisp as possible, finally well concentrated and firm. Screwcap.
Made with the Verdicchio grape, this vibrant sparkler doles out creamy yellow apple, pear and citrus zest flavors while a hint of walnut closes the finish. A soft mousse and fresh acidity lift the finish.
There's a lot of excitement in New Zealand over Syrah right now, and wines like this are one good reason why. Plum and berry fruit shows good ripeness, without sacrificing the peppery notes that define cool-climate Syrah. It's medium-bodied and crisp, weighing in at a reasonable 13.5% alcohol, and picking up some pleasant espresso and black-olive flavors on the finish. Drink 2010–2015.
This is a well-made blend of Syrah and Grenache. On the palate, rich cherry flavor is accented with hints of mocha, prosciutto and rose petal. It finishes dry despite the ripe fruitiness with a streak of tart acidity.
Truffle, leather, forest floor, pipe tobacco and purple flower aromas all come together in this young, balanced Brunello. The palate is taut and chewy, with a nervous tension that offsets its juicy Marasca cherry, raspberry, licorice and clove flavors. Its fresh acidity and polished tannins promise good aging potential. Drink 2020–2032.
This offers aromas of toast, espresso, scorched earth, red berry, clove and a whiff of leather. The lean, tense palate offers dried cherry, grilled herb, anise, coffee and tobacco but not much fruit richness. Tightly wound, bracing tannins and nervous acidity provide the framework.
Bargain hunters should stalk this toasty, firm, well-made Cab because there aren't many better in the price range. The palate features pure dark cherry and cassis flavors, while the structure is tight but not hard. Finishes with coffee and sweet, ripe tannins. Drink now and all the way through 2008.
This is an off-dry, crisp and fruity wine with lively acidity and an attractive prickle on the tongue. It's a bright wine, as light and bright as possible with citrus flavors bursting from the glass. Drink now.
This is a bit more punchy and pungent than Zeal's Reserve bottling, but it still offers considerable value. There's ample weight and just enough citrusy fruit to support the sweaty, nettle-y aromatics and herbal flavors. Try it with fresh herb-laden dishes like ceviches or steamed mussels.
Livia Fontana's Barolo from the Villero vineyard opens with a slightly aged appearance that sees brown and amber coloring. The wine's bouquet is similarly evolved with tones of candied fruit, smoked meat, licorice and crushed stone. It is, however, very youthful and bright in the mouth.
Honeyed and nutty on the nose, this appears at first sniff to be very ripe and rich. And the palate follows through, delivering waves of fabulously rich fruit that miraculously don't seem heavy. A marvel.
This sparkling mix of two-thirds Pinot Noir and one-third Chardonnay is a pretty peach color. Voluptuous on the palate, it features flavors of peach and rhubarb that exotically intermingle along a tingling touch of sweetness.
The onion-skin pink color sets the stage for an off-dry, just-sweet wine, that is crisp, yet soft and rounded. It has good weight, fresh raspberry flavor, and delicate sweetness, resulting in a wine that's crisp and textured.
A good, briskly acidic Pinot, this is dry and silky in raspberry, cherry, cola and oak flavors. It's neither simple nor complex—a nice wine to drink now.
Dark in color but a bit hot and clunky on the nose, where oak-based vanilla helps mask its true identity, which is choppy and tart. In between the wine's tang and zest, there's moderate sweetness, vanilla and mild wood notes stemming from the five months it spent in barrel.
A softly rounded wine, its red berry fruits well integrated into the ripe tannins. It is fruity, very forward, reveling in its rich charms.
This standard nonvintage cuvée from Perrier-Jouët is crisp and stylish. It has understated fruitiness, nothing pushing forward too much, giving a balanced wine that has a soft aftertaste and is easily drinkable.
Made from a blend of organically farmed Chardonnay, Grillo and 5% Viognier, this opens with delicate aromas of honeysuckle and stone fruit. The bright palate offers white peach, golden apple and a hint of citrus alongside crisp acidity.
A complete and expressive wine, with vibrant berry/cherry fruit, supple textures and a gentle hand with the oak. The tannins have been well managed and mediated; the wine is tannic but smooth with no roughness or excessively green flavors. It captures just a hint of pepper and herb, and is streaked with coffee highlights through the finish.
This wine offers a balance of apple and citrus crispness with a touch of buttery oak. The nose is redolent of crisp fruits; on the palate it's refreshing and seafood-friendly. Pair with shellfish or creamy egg dishes.
There's a subdued struck-match aromas on this wine by Billy Wathen and Dick Dore, with apple soda, seared pear and chalky minerality also apparent. There is powerful zing on the palate, like apple slices splashed with lemon juice, altogether clean, crisp and lively, with chalky grip arising on the finish.
This bottling is Bisquertt's first foray into the world of Pinot Noir. The wine smells like a wet dog, along with some candied, artificial fruit aromas. A chunky, sticky-feeling palate houses medicinal, green berry flavors, while the finish is oaky and remains medicinal and hot.
A full-bodied rosé reflective of the cherry and berry Agiorgitiko character. The nose offers a fresh, fragrant but earthy strawberry, rhubarb and floral element, and flavors of lush cherry mingle with a clean acidity, giving the wine dimension with a light touch.
Notes of honey and yellow fruit give this wine both sweetness and softness. It has weight and a rich mouthfeel, powered by a warm and rounded texture. There is just a touch of dryness at the heart of what is otherwise a medium-sweet wine.
A blend of 47% Cabernet Sauvignon, 34% Merlot, 15% Cabernet Franc and 4% Malbec, this is supple and substantial, and it breathes lush notes of plum, cassis, black olive, raw wood and mineral, plus a dash of caramel.
Smelling like a freshly mowed lawn, the nose on this bottling also offers that funky cut tennis ball and sour-apple aroma common in some Sauv Blancs. There is strong acidity once sipped, and a stony structure frames dried green apple and sour grass flavors.
Made from Pinot Blanc, allowed although rarely seen in Champagne, this is a crisp, stylish wine that has some bottle age. Baked apple and lemon flavors accompany tight acidity. The aftertaste is crisp and dry.
A blend of Sangiovese and Merlot, this delightful red has fruity aromas of wild berry and plum. The easy-drinking palate offers black cherry and a spicy note of clove alongside polished tannins. It's made to be drunk young, so enjoy soon.
Both the aromas and the flavors show considerable wood-aging notes that need time to integrate. The wine will begin to show its fruity black-currant and red plum flavors in a year. It has the richness and ripeness for aging over several years.
This fruity forward wine boasts punchy tangerine and lemon flavors with a tart melon-rind edge. It's a touch herbaceous and dusty but finishes brisk and clean.
You've got to hand it to the folks at this estate: they make nice wines at low prices. This Sicilian Chardonnay is bright and creamy with aromas of orange blossom, almond, golden honey and mature apricot. The wine feels crisp and pristine in the mouth. Very nice.
Like Martin Ray's other '05 reserve Cabs, the Stags Leap bottling is rich, soft and immediately appealing for its luscious array of flavors. What's not to like about blackberries, cherries, raspberries, chocolate, cedar and smoky vanilla? The tannins are very fine, giving the wine a silky, velvety mouthfeel.
This oak-heavy Syrah from northern Argentina opens with milk chocolate, mint, vanilla and briary berry aromas. The palate is full and chewy, with a creamy, resiny feel and peppery, spicy, herbal blackberry flavors. An oaky, slightly green tasting finish is round in feel.
Meaty, slightly earthy aromas are tempting, and the flavors expand with gobs of rich black plum and blackcurrant. This wine from a rising star in the Sierra Foothills has serious structure and full body, blanketed in fine tannins and encouraging the flavors to linger on the finish. Drink after 2018.
Fortified Tannat makes for a rich while also tannic wine. Its sweet, jammy fruit and the opulence that comes from the addition of spirit are tempered by firm tannins. It should be aged for another year or two and will be best from 2019.
Lazy smelling, oddly spiced and off the grid in an artificial, strange sort of way. Flavors of apple, spice and banana are mulled and cidery, while the finish is grabby and hot. Not as good as prior vintages. Imported by Ecovalley Quality Wine Group and National Refrescos Import Company, LLC.
Cherry fruit and peppery spice mark the aromas of this effort, which features a surprisingly light feel in the mouth despite ample (14.5%) alcohol. The flavors are red fruit rather than cassis, with hints of brown sugar and baking spices in support. Probably best over the next few years.
A charred, peppery aroma and a stiff, tannic mouthfeel go along with dark-fruit flavors in this full-bodied blend of Zinfandel and Petite Sirah.
An easy-to-drink wine with simple but pretty flavors of citrus and wildflower; smoky, honeyed notes add complexity. It's on the sweet side, maybe too much so, but that's the way lots of people like to drink their “dry” white wines. Decent value.
A smoky, oaky aroma leads to meaty flavors with notes of rhubarb and red cherries. The texture is on the soft side and the body is medium. On the finish those oaky notes meld with the fruit for a soft finale. The grapes for this vintage come 84% from Paso Robles.
This pure expression of Sangiovese offers classic varietal aromas of red berry, plum, violet and a whiff of dark cooking spice. The vibrant palate offers juicy black cherry, ripe raspberry, white pepper, anise and a hint of tobacco. Bright acidity and polished tannins provide the framework. Enjoy 2016–2020.
A high test version at 15% alcohol, this successfully skirts the problems that can plague such wines. The high-toned, complex aromas of rose petals, spice and citrus avoid going volatile; the tropical fruit core never descends into bubble gum, and the bitter citrus rind finish manages to hold onto a sense of appropriate balance. Whew!
This wine is a bit rugged in texture, with firm tannins, but flavorful with ample blackberries, currants and spices. The blend is based on Cabernet Sauvignon.
Definite juiciness here, although the wine has a light and fresh character. The acidity and tannins are there to give the berry fruit a boost.
Fresh and crisp, classic dry Vinho Verde, a blend of Alvarinho and Trajadura, with citrus flavors and a tight texture. Lively and fresh.
Drying, dusty white stone characterizes the nose of this luminous sparkler, which is informal and fun and perfect as an aperitif. The wine segues into creamy peach, backed by thick, frosty foam.
Subtle stewed black-skinned fruit, grilled herb and licorice aromas lead the nose. The subdued, lean palate offers raw cherry and espresso notes framed by close-grained tannins that grip the finish.
Lightly spicy aromas and rich, soothing fruit flavors make this an attractive, lovable and classically proportioned wine. Cherry and raspberry flavors rest on a lightly tannic but smooth texture, and linger on the finish.
This is an interesting and potentially very beautiful wine that probably needs many more years of cellar aging before it is fully formed. At this young stage it shows raw notes of rhubarb, cola and spice backed by dark licorice overtones. It's drying and tight with jackhammer tannins.
Light and chocolaty, this carries a strong and distinctive scent and flavor of cinnamon spice. On the palate, the flavors suggest strawberries, with a quick-to-fade finish.
There's a thick, syrupy mouthfeel to this very ripe, very soft wine. But the fruity flavors are rich and satisfying. It's a decent everyday Zin.
Saucy and herbal, with leather and citrus peel on the nose. Heavy and undistinguished on the palate, with atypical plum and blackberry flavors. Hard to identify as Pinot Noir.
Whiffs of smoke and dust add a savory tone to delicate flavors of apple and honeydew rind on this dry, zesty wine. It's medium bodied on the palate with refreshing lemon-lime acidity.
Has roasted, ripe flavors of prune or date, plus a hint of volatility on the nose. Has a dusty feel on the palate, with coffee, leather and blackberry flavors taking center stage. Finishes narrow and a little tart. Imported by The Country Vintner.
From red slate vineyards in Erden and Ürzig, this is a medium-bodied dry Riesling that delivers bold pineapple, apple and citrus notes accented by hints of dry spices. The zesty acids impart a tongue-tingling quality to the long finish. Drink now–2013.
A deep, lush nose of honey, marmalade and lemon leads into fresh, bright fruit and acid undertones melded with luscious honey, orange peel and quince. A lingering finish spun with spice adds to the complex, elegant nature. Pair with cheeses, foie gras.
The wine is dark and dense although with a sense of freshness provided by the blackberry fruit. There are spices from the wood aging and firm dry tannins. It is a concentrated wine that will be better to drink from 2017.
Sweet and frothy, and made quite close to the Moscato style, meaning the nose is full of flowers and lime. The palate is a mix of crushed children's vitamins, mango and ripe melon.
Easy to see what the winemaker was aiming for with this Cabernet Sauvignon-based wine. Sheer opulence was the goal, and it succeeds. The wine is soft and gentle, with ultrarefined tannins and incredibly ripe, concentrated blackberry jam, blueberry, chocolate and sweet oak flavors. The alcohol is quite high, which gives it a glyceriney sweetness and also precludes aging. Drink now–2014.
Here's a knockout blend from coastal Tuscany (with Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Petit Verdot) that opens with inky, dark concentration and lavish aromas of chocolate, black cherry, rum cake and Indian spice. It's soft, plush and extra rich.
Made from this smallish appellation in inland Monterey, and you can taste the cool climate in the less than ripe flavors. They suggest asparagus and mint.
Perfumed berry, baking spice and violet aromas mingle together on this vibrant red. The linear racy palate is a bit on the lean side, offering tart red cherry, cranberry, clove and mineral alongside tangy acidity and polished tannins.
One of America’s favorite sparkling wine houses proves it’s still got the right moves. This brut-style wine, with Pinot Noir and Chardonnay, begins with delicate but assertive aromas of strawberry and lime. It’s dry and crisp and elegant, with hints of berries and limes, but it’s most notable for its richness, balance, harmony and finesse. Goes down really easy.
Aromas of green apple, melon and grape skins lead to fresh, lightly spritzy tropical flavors. It doesn't entirely stand up on its own but should perk up nicely with baked fish.
Very rich and ripe in fruit, and also rich in new oak. The combination makes for mouth-filling blackberry and cherry pie filling, currant, licorice, dark chocolate and spicy flavors that are frankly delicious. The finish is quick, suggesting this lovely wine is best enjoyed in its youth.
This single-vineyard selection is 100% varietal, with deep cassis, dark chocolate and espresso flavors. The alcohol comes out as a slight burn, but the tannins have been nicely rounded off and this will drink well immediately.
Magnetic aromas of woodsy spice, fine cedar and pure berry fruits are singing a pretty song. This is fresh, ripped and juicy on the palate, with zero excess weight. Rooty, earthy, woodsy blackberry and cassis flavors finish long and with fig, chocolate and toast notes. Hold this world-class red for a few more years, if possible. Drink through 2025.
The vineyard is on the cooler western edge of Paso Robles, and this bottling has been getting better over the years. The '07 is the best yet, a dry, crisp wine of richness and polish. Shows pineapple, nectarine and guava flavors, with a subtle minerality, creamy mouthfeel, and a fine coating of smoky oak.
This is a pale-colored wine with a soft texture and gentle strawberry fruits. The texture comes through slowly to give a firmer edge to what is a wine for medium-term aging. This is stylish and smooth. It should be drunk from 2018.
It seems at first taste very rounded, very soft. It is only after a moment that the full balance between acidity, green plums and rounded vanilla comes together. Then the wine shows itself as powerful, but taut, full but crisp, as a Chablis should be.
Strong and direct in licorice, cassis, cocoa and smoky cedar flavors, the wine is balanced with adequate acids. It's also thoroughly dry, a good thing. Could use a bit more polish in the tannic structure, which is on the jagged side. Decant, or age for two or three years.
Intense floral scents of freshly cut roses and wild violets jump out of the glass. On the palate, dark cherry and crushed cherry twine with allspice, cinnamon, clove, leather and alpine herbs. All are partnered by assertive but supple tannins and fresh acidity. Best 2015–2030.
Ripe red cherry and raspberry penetrate deeply throughout this sunny, yet briskly composed Pinot Noir. It's approachable and uncomplicated in style, but pristine juicy flavors make it quite quaffable. Drink now.
Despite this wine's evident ripeness, it remains freshly floral and perfumed on the nose. On the palate, it delivers ripe black-cherry fruit and hints of chocolate and licorice, cushioned by a lush, velvety texture. Drink it over the next year or two.
Forward and open, this has chocolaty, brambly raspberry fruit, along with pleasant hints of tobacco, vanilla and caramel. It glides through the palate smoothly, finishing with an elegant touch of stem, from 15% whole cluster fermentation.
This outstanding wine is a blend of 60% Merlot from Washington's Champoux vineyard and 40% from the Hillside vineyard in eastern Oregon. Beautifully integrated fruit flavors suggest pie cherry and ripe strawberry, with dusty herbs scattered throughout. The herbal notes are not at all bitter or tannic, so the wine has an elegance to it, and shows nicely developed and integrated flavors, with the muscular power that winemaker Peter Rosback knows how to coax from his grapes.
Made in a ripe, extracted style, this pleasant Cab-Merlot blend has flavors of currants, plums, cedar and spice. Seems at its best now and for a couple years.
One of Aubry's two Champagnes from relatively rare grape varieties, this is a full-throated wine, replete with ripe fruit. Full bodied and rich, it has weight and intensity. Its yellow fruit is laced with complex acidity from citrus.
This small-production (200 cases), barrel-aged Xarel-lo is well made but fails to strike a chord. It's yellow in color, with oily aromas of petrol, orange peel and wood resin. It feels sticky despite its supporting acids, and it tastes primarily of wood and white pepper, with a lasting bitterness.
A tannins-dominated wine, firm and dry. The fruit is relatively subdued, with a juicy character of raspberries, red plum skins and crisp acidity. This is a wine that needs aging to soften those tannins: give it 4–5 years.
Made with the little-known Ruché grape that is believed to be native of the Asti area of Italy's Piedmont region, this bright and ruby-colored red wine offers floral and simple berry aromas. It shows freshness and structure, making it a good pairing partner to pasta or quiche lorraine.
Solid from start to finish, with bramble and spice on the nose along with ripe plum and berry compote. Easy, basic and satisfying on the palate, where full dark-fruit flavors get a boost from subtle, appropriate oak. Medium density and concentration make it a wine to drink now. Imported by Dylain Produce, LLC.
The aromas of barrel spice, herb and cherry are light and elusive. The red-fruit flavors are medium bodied, pulling up short on the finish.
Few Cabernets in the world are this ripe. It floods the mouth with sweet, soft blackberry and cherry flavors, complicated with notes of currant, oak and a spicy, exotic hint of plum sauce. You can taste the California sun in every sip. Drink it now for its fruit.
This is quite a serious Cabernet from a winery that hasn't been too visible for a while. It's intensely concentrated in cassis fruit, and well-oaked, and also fairly tannic and dry. Graceful and elegantly structured, it may well hold for a decade or more.
Nutty aromas of almond skins and walnut aren't terribly fruity but show some mineral cut. The wine is punchy but standard in feel, with a mix of citrus and melon flavors. The finish tastes nutty and a bit briny.
Rich and developed dried pear and apricot notes stream from the nose of this wine, signifying its evolution. The palate is dry but rich with fruit and an emollient sense of vanilla spice. This is structured and bold, holding ample power within its broad shoulders and plenty of length on the finish. Pair with an equally potent dish or cellar and drink through 2020.
Fresh, brambly raspberry and cherry open this wine that's structured in firm tannins and ripe, lingering layers of tobacco and clove. The Cabernet is blended with smaller amounts of Malbec and Petit Verdot. This one is enjoyable now, with a long and clean finish, but it will also cellar well through 2022.
95-97 Barrel sample. Very gold in color, this is a wine that seems initially closed, tight, only slowly showing its full panoply of richness, density and sweet final acidity.
Wood-aged wine, smooth and rich. The yellow fruits dominate the light hint of toast, with the concentration of old vines giving extra complexity.
Arguably one of the best values in modern-style red wine, this blend of Malbec, Bonarda and Petit Verdot delivers huge black- and blue-fruit aromas, which lead onto the palate, with massive blackberry, black currant, cola, spice and toast flavors. This is a strapping wine to drink with steak and grilled lamb.
This has a jumpy and piquant bouquet, with notes of plum and raspberry. It feels pinched and narrow but lively, with mild berry, cherry and leather flavors. Holds onto that leathery characteristic on what amounts to a slightly bitter tasting finish.
89-91 Both freshness and richness are well combined in this elegant Sauternes. What it misses in weight, it gains in honey and apricot flavors.
Made entirely from Grenache, this wine is a pretty pale-salmon color. It drinks off dry, with strawberry flavors and well-balanced acidity, showing some warmth on the finish.
Organically grown grapes are put to fine use in this rich, crisp Chardonnay that is highly attuned with acidity. Pressed whole-cluster, the grapes yield a wine that tends toward sour green apple, balanced with a texture that lends it some heft.
This garnet colored Bulgarian Cabernet Sauvignon has aromas of dark cherry and mocha with flavors of cherry cola, black raspberry and black cherry with a smooth silky tannic finish.
With its high proportion of Cabernet Franc (45%), this is a finely perfumed rich wine. It has great tannins, a smoky character that comes from the wood. The tannins are quite marked, giving a tight firm edge to the wine that otherwise has generous fruitiness. This is a complex wine, impressive, and likely to age over many years. Drink from 2028.
This distinctive, complex and layered wine brings a unique aromatic profile of raspberries, sage and spice before fanning out across the palate with gorgeous raspberry syrup, dark chocolate and blackberry flavors. Its lightly grippy texture of fine-grained tannins perfectly counters the plush effusiveness of its fruit.
Finding wine from this vineyard site at this price is unheard of and reason enough to jump on this bottling. It also happens to taste great—a combination of melon and preserved lemon flavor, with spicy acidity and a lift of grapefruit peel and wet stone that keeps it exotic.
You can always count on Frog's Leap to produce a dependable Merlot. This 2010 isn't their best, but it is a great wine for drinking now. The palate is complex with flavors of black cherry, cola, herb tea and oak all wrapped up with strong tannins. It's not an ager, so drink up.
If you're looking for a truly bone-dry Riesling from the Finger Lakes, look no further than Ravines. It's uncharacteristically austere for the region, with a lean, light body and a mineral laden, wet-stone palate. Lots of freshly squeezed lime juice and a citrus rind finish makes this an elegant, drinkable choice.
This is Duckhorn's signature vineyard for Merlot, located off the Silverado Trail below Calistoga. It's also the winery's most variable Merlot, showing distinct vintage variation. The 2004 was a warm vintage, and the wine is soft and voluptuous in pie-filling cherry, raspberry and blackberry flavors. But it doesn't have the tough tannins that cooler vintages show.
A nice and easy Chenin Blanc that's also a terrific value, this white offers bright notes of ripe red apple flesh and lime rind followed by a touch of woody spice on the close. Medium weight with good cut and freshness; drink now.
Lemon peel and citrus granita decorate the nose on this light and icy wine that shows very little herbaciousness. The flavors are simple and easy, with green apples, limeade and a decent energy.
Barely a step down from the more rare and pricey Pingus, the '01 Flor should fly off store shelves and restaurant wine lists. It's that good, starting with the intoxicating nose and moving through the pure palate and onto the marvelous finish. A wine that goes all the way, with spice, leather and mounds of rich, ripe fruit.
Refreshingly high in acidity, a mouth-cleaner with forward flavors of peaches, limes, wildflowers and spices. It's dryish and rich in fruity essence. Try with fish or pork with a fruity salsa topping.
Zippy, grassy aromas with a touch of floral sweetness typify the nose of this wine, while on the palate, good acidity and fresh flavors are balanced by a round, complex mouthfeel. A fun Sauvignon Blanc with added character, it will pair with everything from a marinated seafood salad to richer poultry dishes.
Polished, smooth and elegant. Made in a feminine style that appeals for its lushness and accessible flavors of blackberries, cocoa, violets and cedar. Shows a pure pedigree in the balance and charm. The tannins suggest mid-term aging. Best after 2012.
Dominated by the local Loin de l'Oeil grape, this wood-aged wine has flavors of pears, spice and attractive, light vanilla. Acidity and a delicious, tasty structure give complexity to this wine that could certainly age. Drink now, although it will be better from 2016.
Darker and toastier than Matahiwi's regular bottling, but not appreciably more likable, with black cherry fruit and a slightly herbal note on the finish.
A Tempranillo-Garnacha blend that shows fiery aromas and raspberry followed by sweet and granular plum and red berry flavors. If you like juicy, lively, higher-acid wines, then give this a try. It's not bad for the money and ranks as the type of wine you'd get by the glass in Spain.
Bill Easton doesn't make this dessert wine every year, so when he does, especially of this caliber, it's a good time to pick up some of this deliciously balanced dessert delight. It's a very nuanced rendering of crisp, clean peach, pear and honey flavors that would go well with fruit desserts or anything involving almond paste.
With fish, salad or spicy vegetarian fare, you absolutely can't go wrong with a wine like this. An expression of Pinot Bianco (or Weissburgunder in German), the grape offers more heft and weight in the mouth and subtle, but steady aromas of pear and white peach.
A veneer of oak and aromas of root beer greet you, while cherry and raspberry flavors work the palate. It's a lively, tannic wine with a candied, slightly resiny/minty flavor profile and finish. Best with food.
Subdued aromas of dried black fruit and baking spice set the tone in this wine. Its easygoing, straightforward palate offers mature Morello cherry and vanilla flavors alongside round tannins. Drink soon.
Textbook Russian River Pinot Noir, this is bone dry, elegant and lightly silky, with complex flavors of sour cherry candy, cola and sandalwood. Drink now–2015.
This balanced Pinot is easy to like. Made in a lighter-bodied style, it's fragrant in red cherry, cola, tangerine and root beer. Finishes with a nice, food-friendly bite of acidity, and should hold well for several years.
Basic plum aromas are woody and limited. This feels medium to full, with crispness and moderate tannins. Dry woody flavors of plum and currant finish with a freshening blast of lifting acidity.
The vineyard is in the Eola-Amity Hills AVA, though the label does not indicate it. There is a welcome purity to the fruit expression, pretty cherry flavors with a suggestion of hard candy. Although it has light herb and stem highlights, nothing overshadows the lovely fruit.
An elegantly crafted Chardonnay that marries vanillin oak with crisp, citrusy flavors. It's medium-bodied, with a slightly creamy texture akin to lemon custard yet stays refreshing through the finish. Drink now through 2010.
This wine is initially soft and rounded. Only as it opens does the tight, crisp texture becomes apparent, bringing out crisp, green, citrus flavors as well as hinting at warmer apricots. The wine is still young; drink from late 2016.
From slopes in Chavignol and Sury-en-Vaux, this delicious wine has soft, ripe fruit, given a lift with gooseberry and green herb flavors. Crisp and light, it has complex acidity, a touch of green pea and a fine, fresh aftertaste. Imported by Henry Wine Group.
The apricot and pear flavors are obviously very ripe, but they're balanced by brisk acidity, and a certain stong minerality you often find in Carneros Chardonnays. Oak plays its part. A bit obvious, but for the price, there's plenty of opulence.
A softly tannic and dry Zin. Offers wild berry, cherry, currant and spice flavors, with a meaty edge, like beef teriyaki. Easy to drink with a perfectly grilled steak.
Vall Llach is known for making ripe-styled wines, and this fits the bill. Embruix is ripe and raisiny on the nose, with black currant and prune-like aromas. A thick, jammy, stewy palate holds flavors of prune, blackberry and bitter chocolate, while the finish is hot and sticky, with molasses and chocolate flavors.
Saline, apple and not much else create an innocuous bouquet. The palate is short and lemony, with tangy acidity and stalky flavors of lemon and pineapple. Burns a little on the finish, which tastes stemmy.
Hugely extracted with blackberries, cherries, blueberries and chocolate, this wine immediately impresses for its sheer power. Oak and high alcohol are key components to this powerful wine, but pour it with barbecue, and nobody will complain.
This overall good, refreshing Chard is a go-to white for everyday sipping. On the nose, citrus, apples, and fresh Chardonnay fruit leads, and on the palate, straightforward fruit is both elegant and approachable. The finish is substantial. Pair with poultry, seafood, or sip alone.
Few vintners get fruit from the coveted Alban Vineyard, but Failla's Ehren Jordan does. He takes advantage of the brisk acidity and purity of fruit found in the vineyard's grapes. Dry and full-bodied, this delivers elaborate tropical fruit, peach, honey and spice flavors.
Quattroventi delivers a clean, genuine Rosso with bright notes of raspberry, blueberry, plum and black cherry. There's a touch of smoke or spice at the back that contributes to a round, easy mouthfeel.
This wine is made from two exceptionally cool coastal sites: Platt, a single-vineyard in its own right; and Martinelli Charles Ranch Vineyard. The wine follows suit, allowing for a concentrated take on golden apple and stony minerality, the nose crisp and focused in salty, floral notes.
From a vineyard adjacent to the Santa Lucia Highlands, this wine's wondrous nose of dense black currants, blueberries and fresh-cracked black pepper is made even more complex by black olive, gamy roasted meats and chaparral notes. Black pepper thrives on the palate in this cool-climate study, with touches of asphalt, elderberry fruit, charred meat and licorice all playing supportive roles.
Simple and direct, this wine is characterized by flavors of blackberry, currant, mocha and oak. It's a softly tannic Cabernet with a large production of 48,000 cases. Dry and spicy, it's ready to drink now.
A blend of mostly Sangiovese with some Cabernet Sauvignon, this fresh offering opens with light aromas of raspberry, white cherry, pressed violet and peach. Piccolo Principe has enough structure to stand up to white meat or shellfish.
Sweet confectionery aromas and a butterscotch richness extend from the nose to the palate on this ice wine, melding with ripe mango and pineapple flavors. Steely acidity and a hint of bitter toffee add balance and dimension to the finish.
Forced, candied aromas of chocolaty oak and herbal, slightly weedy berry fruits feed into a chunky, blocky, creamy palate with saucy berry flavors combined with minty, top-heavy oak. The finish tastes minty, lactic and oaky, with heat.
A hint of dill lends curious contrast to bright sour-cherry and raspberry flavors in this full-bodied wine. Supple on the palate and framed by the softest of tannins, it finishes briskly with a kick of cranberry acidity.
A light, clear and bright wine from the heart of the appellation, this bottling exudes juicy layers of earthy cardamom spice and dark black cherry. It's well integrated and varietally consistent, offering jolts of minerality that buoy the texture.
This is a good value Zinfandel. Its label was modeled after the Fillmore's better days of poster art, meant to appeal to Baby Boomer rock lovers everywhere. Spicy and not overbearing, it'll work for casual jam sessions and/or barbecues.
Aromas of Spanish broom, ripe pear and a yeasty whiff of toasted bread crust come together in the glass. The savory palate offers mature yellow apple, bitter almond, white pepper and a saline note framed in tangy acidity.
Overripe and syrupy, Gen7's 2008 Road to Zanzibar—part Zinfandel, part Cabernet Franc and part Carignane—is big and soft, with the fruit in decline.
The 10th vintage of Eroica may be the best ever. It's supremely fresh, spicy, and mineral-driven. The well-textured mouthfeel runs the gamut from celery, chervil and other fresh herbs into melon, citrus and stone. Though technically off-dry, this is a low pH, high acid wine with plenty of length and depth.
Brick colored, with an earthy, gritty nose that deals leather, rhubarb and burnt fruit. The flavor package is reserved and citrusy, what some might call dilute. But it's classic old-school Rioja. Finishes light, with tea and toast.
Owned by an expat artist/writer couple, Máté shows a great evolution of style and grace over the past years. This 2006 Brunello straddles modernity and tradition with a playful juxtaposition of wild berry and raspberry aromas against vanilla, clove and cinnamon spice.
This wine starts off a touch rubbery, so give it some air prior to serving if you can. The payoff is a pleasant mix of pear and citrus that's fairly broad on the palate yet balanced, and lengthy, too. This year's blend is 56% Chardonnay, 30% Sauvignon Blanc and 14% Verdelho.
This dry, light-bodied wine smells vivid and fresh, like sliced peaches and canteloupe. It tastes equally fruity and ripe, backed by good acidity to keep it mouthwatering. Notable richness in the texture helps the flavors linger on the finish.
Rich and soft, with a velvety smooth texture, this pretty Italian Merlot would pair with chicken or pork roast with mashed potatoes. Cherry, spice and a touch of mocha coffee characterize the bouquet.
Hugely sweet yet reasonably balanced given its enormous concentration, this is a tremendous example of the quality heights sweet Riesling can achieve. Golden raisin, dried apricots and candied pineapple all swirl together in a delicious haze of sugar-coma-inducing syrup that nevertheless goes down easily. Will age easily for decades.
This is a dark-colored wine, powerful and dense. With a fine perfumed character, it is rich with black fruits and concentrated from the low yields. It is impressive, ripe and darkly structured and with a firm long-lasting aftertaste. Still young and packed with fruit, it will be better from 2018.
Quite a good Chardonnay for the price. Shows classic flavors of pineapples, pears and apples, enriched with smoky oak and vanilla, and folded into a creamy texture. Good value, and easy to find, with 7,800 cases produced.
The alcohol on this dessert wine is very high, which gives the wine a hot, glyceriney taste. But the blackberry jam and chocolate fruit easily stands up to it. The result is vaguely Port-like, and sweet, but crisp with acidity, and made for drinking now.
Smoothly textured, this wine has light minerality along with a perfumed, ripe character. It is soft and generous in the mouth, poised and attractively fruity. White fruits dominate, followed by hints of almonds. The wine is ready to drink.
This blend of Cabernet Franc (46%), Merlot (28%), Cabernet Sauvignon (17%) and Petit Verdot (9%) starts out brooding, with black cherry, herb, black currant, anise, and spice notes. The palate is rich and structured, loaded with dark fruit flavors and firm tannins. Give it some time to open up.
Terra Valentine's Pinot boasts fruit with long hangtime, and ripe flavors of raspberry and pomegranate. It's rather soft and oaky though so drink now.
With soft tannins, this wine has a full, fleshy character that's laced with acidity. Black currant fruits and only hints of dryness suggest it is ready to drink.
Jammy and a bit scratchy on the nose, and also sort of dull and earthy. In the mouth, it's tangy and citrusy, bordering on sour tasting, with pie cherry, plum and light savory notes. Finishes red and juicy, but with a tomato accent.
The plum, fresh herb, cherry and spice aromas of this 100% varietal offering are alluring but restrained. The flavors are sweet, plump and fresh, showing a sense of elegance, with a stretched-out finish.
A consistent performer, Yalumba's Hand Picked Shiraz-Viognier seems slightly bigger and chunkier in 2008 than in the past, with bold fruit—blueberries and blackberries—accented by hints of mint. Expect some savory notes to develop over the next couple of years in bottle.
Aromas of banana, apricot, honeysuckle and tropical fruit lead the nose. The round, medium-bodied palate offers creamy white peach, green apple, tangerine and a hint of honeydew melon. Fresh acidity brightens the rich flavors.
A clean, high acid style, showing pineapple/citrus fruit flavors and light touches of fresh green herb.
The top of the line in the Lannac Saint-Jean range from young vignerons Fabien Jouves and Emmanuel Rybinski. With wood aging, it shows a mineral, austere note over the stone fruit flavors. It has weight and structure, though the fruit needs time to come through the toast of the wood.
This light, clear wine is varietal in approach and silky texture, also offering a tension of high acidity, forest floor and nervy, cool-climate fruit. From a vineyard overlooking Freestone, it speaks to site and taste with classy effectiveness.
Juicy strawberries and plum are cut with allspice and star anise on the sharply spiced nose of this wine from one of the Golden State's legendary producers. The palate shows the juice of darker berries, from blackberries to black cherries, with an Earl Grey tea bitterness and dried sage complexity.
This is a lush Merlot that's seductive and rich. It has lovely cherry, chocolate and oak flavors. The best thing about it is the structure, which is firm and balanced. Drink now.
Stony minerality surrounds sublime texture in this full-bodied, balanced expression of the appellation's Middle Reach neighborhood, an area known for producing wines of great beauty and subtle power. Apple, pear and richer characteristics of stone fruit are succulent on the palate, while a racy spiciness intrigues.
This is a lightly wood-aged wine, full of fruit with just a touch of spice. Smoothly textured, the wine is all the better for an extra year of aging before release. That broadens the fruit while leaving plenty of crispness and fine acidity. Drink now.
As weighty as a Chardonnay, this is a Sauvignon Blanc whose nuances will be killed if you over-chill it. You could even decant it for a while and let it approach room temperature. Dry and rich, it shows savory, complex tiers of pineapples, limes, green apples, sweet golden tobacco, vanilla, white pepper and even a touch of thyme.
The richest of the Grüner Veltliners from the Krems cooperative, this has power as well as the ripest fruit. The flavors are of pear, melon and freshly ground spice, edged with a green apple skin texture. There is depth of flavor, the fruits going right into the core of the wine.
Youthfully exuberant in fresh-squeezed grapefruit, lemon and lime, this wine has zesty acidity and pillows of vanilla, ending clean and bright. This is the first national release of this variety for the winery.
Fresh, strawberry-flavored wine—a bright, crisp, dry rosé, finishing with light acidity.
Here's an outstanding Chianti Classico made from 80% Sangiovese, 10% Pugnitello and 10% Colorino that opens with earthy aromas of underbrush, leather, violet, dark spices and red berries. The structured palate delivers rich black cherry, black pepper, clove and balsamic herbs alongside bracing yet refined tannins. It still shows some youthful aggression, so give it time to soften and develop complexity. Drink 2015–2025.
L'Atto delivers delicate notes of bright berry, spice, sweet cherry and cassis. It shows a fine, delicate quality, backed by generous fullness and power.
Lots of smoky oak frames modest flavors of pineapples in this creamy wine. Production was 6,300 cases.
Superbly ripe, with gorgeous blackberry jam, crème de cassis and toasted oak flavors. It defines the modern style of Cabernet. Although it's very tannic, its richness will tempt you to drink it right away.
With smoky aromas, this starts out as an enticing wine. On the palate, the fruit is surprisingly soft for a Nuits-St-Georges, with the wine's evident structure showing an open character, edged with wood and red plum and currant flavors. The dry tannins give shape, but do not dominate this big wine.
The aromas are a little sweaty and the wine has not entirely knit together, even after four years. Fruit flavors are raisined, the acids feel chalky, and the finish resolves into some bitter phenolics.
King Valley Pinot Noir? Why not, if it can be this good at this price. Gentle smoke and oak spice notes accent dark cherry and plum fruit, ending with hints of mocha. Tannins are a bit firm, so this should drink well through 2015 or so.
The initial aromas of barrel-aging cellar—sweet, dusty wood mixed with plummy, grapey fruit—give way to flavors of black cherries and toast that extend through the supple finish.
Planted in 1935, this single vineyard wine is rich and structured. At this stage, it is dominated by firm tannins as much as by the perfumed juicy black fruits. As the wine softens with age, this generous fruitiness will comet through to give a deliciously ripe wine. Drink from 2019.
Earthy, mulchy, balsamic aromas blend with meaty blackberry scents to create a vintage Dávalos-Salta bouquet. The palate on this Malbec-Cabernet blend is inky, jammy and rich, with soft tannins. Earthy, roasted flavors of blackberry and balsamic vinegar finish with notes of mushroom and tree bark along with carob and fig. Drink through 2019.
Rubbery red-berry aromas blend with spicy field scents to create a true Pinot nose that's a bit strained. This is intense, chunky and slightly herbal, with red-fruit flavors, spice notes and some heat and oak on the finish.
From old vines dating to 1865, this is a hugely fragrant mountainous Zinfandel, with an abundance of raspberry and blackberry flavors. A wine with a huge presence and soft, rounded tannins, it's extremely yummy with a ton of peppery spice on the long finish.
Smells and tastes ungenerous, probably due to unripe grapes that give an earthy, vegetal taste to the wine. Not going anywhere, so drink up.
A first vintage Port for José Maria Soares Franco, the man behind the legendary Douro table wine Barca Velha. He has teamed up with J. Portugal Ramos, better known in the Alentejo. This is beautifully perfumed Touriga Nacional, followed by fine and ripe tannins. A layer of acidity gives the wine a more dry, serious side. Powerful and intended for aging.
The youthful nose is primed with black currant, blueberry, earth and licorice. Generous and supple on the palate with restrained acidity, the tannins show some sinew, yet they are well-integrated. It's fullbodied, with slightly spirituous alcohol, however, the excellent concentration on the palate can support this. Overall, the wine is well knit, including its inflections of baked cobbler and vanilla bean from the oak aging. Drink now and for five more years.
Immaculately clean and ripe fruit is on display here, a potpourri of mixed berries. High toned aromas bring in accents of wildflowers, honey and vanilla, continuing into a very pretty finish.
The deep, dark-red color and jammy fruit aromas signal a bold, friendly style that develops in the ripe blackberry, maple and strawberry flavors. It has a rich, soft texture and lingering finish that is almost sweet.
A wonderful creamy texture accompanies ripe cherry and blackberry flavors in this full-bodied, smooth and mellow wine. Rich cherry and cappucino flavors fill the corners of the mouth, mingling with a velvety layer of fine tannins.
Violet petal, cookie dough and graham cracker aromas surround berry scents on the nose of this good-value Malbec. The palate is jammy and not at all fierce or demanding; flavors of floral raspberry and vanilla finish sweet and a touch candied.
At only 10.5% alcohol and approximately 40g/L residual sugar, this is a spätlese-style Riesling from the clay soils of Moutere. Smells of sweet apples and baking spices with a hint of petrol character that adds complexity and a texture reminiscent of fine chalk dust. Enjoyable now, and should hold up to 5 years, possibly longer. Imported by Epic Wines.
Has typical Clare Valley Riesling elements of crushed stone and citrus, but also considerable petrol and hints of honey and ripe apple. It's medium-bodied and tart, with a metallic or slightly pithy note on the finish.
Light gold in color, this opens with easy aromas of garden herb, tangerine and white flower. Pair this with snack foods, such as toasted almonds or fried corn nuts.
Ultra flinty and tight, with crisp, almost lean lemon and pineapple flavors. This is one tight ball of citrus, and it doesn't have a whole lot of texture to it. Probably best with shellfish. Imported by Maisons Marques & Domaines USA.
Solista, meaning made from one grape rather than a blend, is a new range of wines from Adega Mayor. This fresh, fruity Verdelho is perfumed, with lemon and orange-peel flavors. It's all ready to drink.
One of Amirault's single parcel wines, this is a rich and smoothly tannic. There is a black fruit and smoky wood element, while big juicy fruits dominate the firm structure, giving a wine that has both potential and drinkability sooner. Age this powerful wine for 4–5 years.
A strong pineapple and mango imprint persists throughout this Chardonnay, along with bright acidity and a floral finish.
A solid effort in the everyday category, with plummy fruit marked by touches of rhubarb and asphalt. The wine's best feature may be its plump, tender texture; it does turn tart on the finish. Drink now.
An enticingly perfumed wine that has firm tannins, blackberry flavors and layers of new wood. It is concentrated and powerful, full of the dark weight of Cabernet and Merlot.
This is not labeled as such, but it's Petite Sirah. The fruit is young, plummy, with purple-berry flavors in abundance. It drops off in the midpalate, but returns in a ripe but not too potent finish. Tannins are proportionate. All in all, this is your optimal pizza wine.
Truffle, leather, Mediterranean brush, chopped herb and black-skinned fruit aromas meld together with a balsamic note. The juicy, concentrated palate shows dried cherry, crushed raspberry, cinnamon and licorice while fine-grained tannins lend support. Give it time for the tannins to fully integrate. Drink 2020–2030.
Pasqua's latest Ripasso presents earthy, spicy characteristics with a sour finish and pungent aromas of ripe fruit, blackberry and leather.
The excellent Les Collines Vineyard usually delivers more depth of flavor than this, but a cool vintage may be the culprit. Very light berry flavors, a wash of cement-like mineral and earthy tannins with an herbal edge sum up the flavor profile.
Aromas of pear, corn and sweat are difficult. In the mouth this wine is extra tight and acidic, then chalky on the back palate. Short, sour flavors of gooseberry end quickly on a zingy finish.
Sweet and medicinal, with candied apricot and honey flavors balanced with crisp acidity.
88-90. Barrel sample. Fresh acidity dominates here. This wine is light in texture and the tannins have a rounded edge. While it is dry, the wood imparts notes of caramel.
This is a clean and bright selection, with pure notes of green melon, apple and fresh herbs. The lively palate offers lime peel and grassy tones that finish clean on the finish. It's an approachable and easy-drinking wine best enjoyed now.
A bit flat and one-dimensional, with simple citrus, flower and spice flavors. It's a thin wine whose alcohol, while not very high, shows through as heat.
Simple and sweet, like a mango, pineapple and peach fruit juice blend. Not much going on, but will appeal to lots of Chard lovers at this price. Production was half a million cases.
Light, fresh and direct describes the white-fruit aromas this brut nature is exuding. In the mouth, this is just round enough but mostly linear in plane. Flavors of dry lime, apple and fresh-baked white bread finish mild yet agile. This is affordable brut nature taken to a high level.
This is a sweet and mature expression of Chardonnay from hot climate Sicily with thick aromas of ripe fruit, apricot, peach, honey and drying mineral. The intensity and persistency are impressive and the wine is also cooling and pleasantly refreshing.
While this smells a bit rough and herbal, it's more generous than the winery's varietal Tannat. This Merlot has some of the same scratchy qualities of the Tannat, but it shows more body and richness as well as riper black-fruit flavors.
Initially tight and closed on the nose, displaying orange oil and anise notes, give this some time in the glass to blossom. With 22 months in French oak, the palate is smooth and silky, displaying juicy red plum and racy currant speckled with pepper and licorice.
This full-bodied Cabernet Sauvignon opens with ripe black currant, cedar and bell pepper scents. On the palate, expect concentrated dried Marasca cherry, tobacco and licorice flavors buttressed by firm, fine-grained tannins. Drink through 2027.
This blend of 75% Cabernet Sauvignon, 20% Sangiovese and 5% Cabernet Franc opens with intense aromas of black-skinned fruit, purple flower, oak and exotic spice. The taut, elegant palate offers black currant, black cherry, chopped mint and white pepper alongside bright acidity and polished, fine-grained tannins. It's still youthfully austere, so give it time to fully develop. Drink 2020–2033.
This is a tight and bright take on the grape with steely kiwi and scratched pomelo aromas. The palate is framed by appealing pome fruit with a touch of juicy lemons and the slightest shred of sweetness.
A bit reduced when first opened, it throws off scents of burnt rubber, then slowly opens into a roundly fruity, lightly toasty Pinot with a firmly tannic base. Flavors of Dr. Pepper drift through the midpalate. Give it a good decanting and it's fine for near-term consumption.
An intense fragrance that recalls peach blossom, lemon blossom and hints of green apple lead the nose on this sparkling Chardonnay. The creamy palate delivers white peach, Golden Delicious apple, almond and lemon pastry brightened by crisp acidity and a steely mineral note. Fine bubbles add a touch of softness on the finish.
A hard wine to like. It's acidic and raisiny, and despite the official alcohol reading of 14.7%, tastes far higher, with a hot, chile pepper burn.
This is an aromatic wine, with notes of blackberry, braised meat, Kalamata olive, iron and French-oak spices. The palate holds nothing back, with bold, rich fruit flavors that coat the palate, showing warmth on the finish. Although the oak seems prominent it still provides enjoyment.
A pale flamingo-pink in color, the 2009 Taché shows pleasant berry, citrus and toast shadings, but the bubbles are aggressive and somewhat coarse in the mouth. Fades quickly on the finish.
Drinks like a taste tapestry, with different flavors unfolding all the time. Lime, passion fruit, white peach, apricot, vanilla, and of course oodles of crushed Asian spices wash across the palate. The wine is totally dry, with high, vibrant acidity.
A wine that has become something of a cult in Portugal, perhaps because of its mystery name (referring to a time when Syrah was not permitted in Portugal). This 2005 keeps the open, ripe blackberry jam fruit, with dark chocolate and herbal flavors. It has a generous, earthy character.
Aromas of lemon zest, lemongrass and lime juice prepare the palate for flavors of freshly squeezed grapefruit juice, tart apple and white peach. The finish is brisk and pleasantly acidic.
Peach, passion fruit and honeysuckle characterize this easygoing Friulano. The grape—a proud native variety of northeast Italy—does naturally offer dense structure. Here, that creamy mouthfeel is capped off by tart and clean fruit flavors.
Spice and tire rubber aromas shadow hard, dry berry scents. It feels bumpy and scattershot, with a pasty, oaky flavor and fiery acidity. The finish is overly oaky and invasive.
The Arinto grape is a Lisboa specialty and this lightly wood-aged wine shows it to great advantage. Plenty of acidity and a crisp texture are balanced by vanilla and creamy apple. This fine wine is ready to drink.
Stomp! is a second label for Dusted Valley, with colorful graphics and a bit of ‘tude (“Don't worry, we keep our gnarly, fungus ridden toes away from the grapes” reads the back label.) As an every day red it gets the job done, with simple red fruit flavors and a light touch with the tannins.
Hints of caramel and vanilla, along with soft, silky tannins add oaky, woodsy warmth to the brambly flavors of red raspberry and cherry. It's delicately structured, with bracing acidity that adds levity and zip, highlighting the tart berry notes on the finish.
Orchard fruit, citrus and almond aromas follow through to the palate. Fresh acidity enlivens the yellow apple and nectarine flavors while a hint of Mediterranean herb closes the finish.
A decent Pinot, but a bit funky and sharp. Although this Pinot has jammy raspberry flavors, the mouthfeel is awkward, and the finish is simple and sweet. Disappointing from this prestigious winery.
A very quintessential Blaufränkisch, this boasts a light-footed balance of cherry, dark berries, sprightly acidity and medium body in a sleek and elegantly silhouetted frame, with ripe, soft tannins.
A ripe, full, fruity wine, this has light hints of vanilla from wood aging. These go with the peach and apricot flavors to create a generous wine that is already delicious but could age for another year.
This is absolutely delicious, offering heady waves of orange marmalade, butterscotch candy, crème brûlée and honey that are wildly opulent. This is a go-to bottling for very sweet, unctuous California dessert wines.
As you might expect—but see all too rarely—this Douro table wine comes close in character to Port, with bold, blackberry fruit-filled aromas that verge on being overripe. It's got ample alcohol but not to excess, with a firm structure of acid and tannins to hold things in place. Long on the finish; give this 3–5 years to round out and develop some more nuances.
Pale in color with a pink/orange tinge, this is an aromatically appealing wine with notes of strawberry, sour cherry, cedar, and mint. It's delicate and light with tart fruit flavors.
Cranberry, rhubarb and allspice combine effortlessly in this well-made, memorable red. Silky on the palate, it shows a refinement of character and robust grasp of dark spicy notes that betray a baked, brooding quality of balanced richness. On the finish is a refreshing seasoning of orange zest.
This approachable, fruit-forward bottling offers prominent black cherry, anise and vanilla aromas. It's light in body, showing candied black fruit, licorice, cola and smoke flavors.
This is a great way to experience big Paso power and lushness in a relatively affordable way. The wine's nose kicks off with rich and delicious blackberry pie and hot vanilla-crust aromas, enhanced by black-cherry pastry, baking spice and dill. Cassis and kirsch notes show on the palate, as does milk chocolate and caramelized fruit.
Six months in wood have changed the naturally crisp character of the Arinto grape for something altogether much richer. It offers spice as well as ripe red apples and peppered pears. Drink now.
Merlot and Cabs Sauvignon and Franc are the base of this ripe, dense and rich Bolgheri blend. The intensity is impressive and so is the overall density and persistence of the finish. Pair this wine with hearty dishes, such as sausage and slow-cooked lentils.
Flat, disjointed and aggressively oaky flavors all but cover up the hints of tropical/pineapple fruit. There's an undertone of gummy plastic through the finish.
Here is a full-bodied, somewhat rustic, ripe, slightly pruny red blend. It's a unique effort—34% Primitivo, 30% Lemberger, 22% Syrah, 10% Petite Sirah and 4% Cabernet Sauvignon. Made into a broad, fruity, soft and lightly chocolaty red, it's a perfect wine for pizza, picnics and parties.
Coconut, French oak and camphor aromas carry over to the palate along with oak-driven spice, toast, raw sour cherry and a green note of powdered sage. It doesn't have much have much fruit richness while astringent tannins give it a raspy finish.
There's heat and intensity here with ripe fruit, cherry liqueur and exotic spice. The wine is not over concentrated or dense and sits well in the mouth with a sweet fruit finale and some alcoholic burn. Imported by Bedford International
Mostly Cabernet Sauvignon, this Bordeaux blend is a nice wine for drinking now. It's very forward in blackberry, cherry and oak flavors, and finishes a little sweet.
Quite forward in  character, this opens with powerful scents of purple flowers, black berry, cherry and plum. The palate is juicy and fruit forward, with hints of sweet spice and berry preserves that carry through to the medium-length finish. Drink now.
This is a fresh wine with attractive ripe fruits. Apples, bitter orange and a streak of citrus are coupled with pineapple acidity. It's a well-made, immediately drinkable wine.
This is a powerful and dense wine, displaying dry, concentrated tannins over tart black fruit tones. Bitter chocolate flavors are also evident from the oak aging. It might need time to balance out—drink after 2016.
This opens with a blast of bell pepper and leafy berry aromas. The palate is juicy but scratchy, while flavors of plum, raspberry and herbs finish tart, with no evolution.
A fine, simple wine with good fruit, flavors of pears and a touch of creaminess. This is light, fresh and very drinkable. Imported by Austrian Specialty Wine Company.
Made with organically grown grapes and using EU-certified organic cellar practices, this delicious rosato opens with aromas of fragrant wild flower, woodland berry and baking spice. The fresh savory palate offers strawberry, yellow peach, cinnamon, herb and a hint of fennel alongside crisp acidity. A salty mineral note drives the finish. More about mineral energy than fruit, it's a rosé for grown-ups.
Opens with tight black cherry and raspberry aromas, but also a whiff of pine and chemical. The palate is round, full and tannic, with snappy berry flavors accented by balasmic notes, oak resin and vanilla. Finishes with traditional vanilla-dill notes and a slight stemminess.
Notes of olive and bay leaves add some interesting complexity to the nose of this blend, otherwise dominated by typical red berry flavors. Ripe and rich on the palate with medium acidity and lighter tannins. The finish, dominated by beautiful notes of wild strawberries, is long and satisfying.
Substantive in oak and weight, this concentrated, estate-grown wine is impressive in velvety texture and a savory conjuring of tobacco and black tea. Dark, brambly blackberry and dark cherry join in on the fun, providing vibrancy amid all the sophistication. Finishing with a dash of cardamom, this wine will cellar nicely through 2020.
A rich hint of apple crumble precedes tart notes of lemon freshness. The palate fizzes with frothy bubbles and gives the impression of lightness and ease. A very clean-cut, sprightly and refreshing finish almost hides the more serious autolytic backdrop of this elegant, fine-fruited Crémant.
Lime zest and white pepper notes are invigorating on the nose and palate of this piercing dry-style Riesling. Crisp green apple and white peach notes are pristine and pure, glazed by nuanced touches of honey and slate. It's full bodied but surprisingly light in texture with a long linear finish.
Fresh apples and cream meld on the nose and palate of this creamy, richly textured Chardonnay. It's densely structured with bold alcohol and generous swathes of oak, but crisp acidity adds levity and elegance. Finishes moderately long.
Opening with gorgeous aromas of pear, fig and mineral-laden melon and vanilla, this substantial Viognier also manages to stay fresh, vibrant and fruity, a bite of preserved lemon lifting off the finish.
Well-rendered oak tones gained during 10 month of tonneaux aging deliver layers of toast, vanilla and leather over the wine's natural aromas of cherry fruit and dried herbs. Red fruit flavors shine through in the mouth and the wine boasts very good structure and length.
This lightly pressed white version of an indigenous red grape is pale-straw in color, with a nose of lemon. It is slightly stiff on the palate, with flavors of lemon and peach and a refreshing, almost effervescent finish.
A standard Cabernet, dry and tannic. The best thing is the deep core of blackberry, currant, mineral and spice flavors. Drink now–2014.
A highly-regarded California producer of Pinot Noir dips its toe into the Oregon waters with this inaugural vintage from the Roserock Vineyard in the Eola-Amity Hills AVA. It's impressive, elegant and sensual, with the subtle complexity for which the grape is famous. Rose petals, red fruits, light spices, a compelling texture and mouthfeel, and overall elegance all point to a wine with a decade or more of life ahead.
This is a sophisticated blend of Carignano, Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot, and it's always delightful. This vintage shows intense, soft notes of dried sage and rosemary.
Tart in acidity and tight in tannins, this is a hard, dry Cabernet. It has black currant and dark chocolate flavors, accented with new oak. Not likely to improve, so drink up.
Blackberries and blueberries star on the palate; the nose, on the other hand, is all about black pepper. A slimmer-sized Shiraz rather than a huge, jammy one. Imported by R. H. Phillips.
This is a soft, easy wine with the lightest texture and crisp apple and pear flavors. It is gentle and ready to drink.
This 100% varietal wine shines with high-toned red currant and raspberry flavors, exhibiting bright acidity on the moderately built palate. Tight-grained tannin provides structure, balancing the emphatic fruit.
From the Alta Langa area of northern Italy, this classic method sparkling wine (made with Pinot Nero and Chardonnay) offers a delicate touch of stone fruit and citrus followed by creamy effervescence. This smooth and elegant wine would pair beautifully with appetizers.
Smooth and simple, this wine offers aromas of citrus pith, cantaloupe and green apple. Flavors suggest honeydew and tart apple juice.
Made by Jillian Johnson, who long ago fell in love with the Bechthold Vineyard and whose last few vintages were under the Phoenix Ranch name. This is her first Onesta Cinsault. Shy, it takes some coaxing to reveal itself, blossoming into a textured, lean mix of the vineyard's classic rhubarb flavor with a bit of strawberry mixed in. Streaks of spicy pepper come to life on the finish.
Very fruit-driven, this dry Cab has jammy cherry, blackberry and currant flavors, with a rich edge of cedar and cocoa. It's a bit immature now and should develop bottle complexities over the next 6–8 years.
This second vintage of Barry's Florita Riesling is excellent. Its flour-like, dusty mouthfeel follows light floral, minerally aromatics. On the palate it's blissfully dry, with lively acidity and dusty citrus flavors. Finish is persistent; delicious throughout.
The heat from high alcohol combines with Zinfandel's natural pepperiness to produce a hot, high decibel mouthfeel. If you can get past that, you'll find rich flavors of berries, currants and cocoa.
While there are wood aromas and wood flavors, the wine is equally about ripe fruit and generous tannins. It has spice, red-berry fruits and a rounded structure. It will age well, giving a rich wine from 2022.
This earthy red opens with funky but appealing aromas of tilled soil, crushed black olive and ripe berry. The juicy, medium-bodied palate provides crunchy tart red cherry, succulent raspberry, ground pepper, energizing mineral and a gamey note. Ripe tannins and bright acidity provide the framework.
Varietal bottles of Malbec are an extreme rarity in this appellation. This one, which hails from Frazier Bluff Vineyard, offers light aromas of dried herbs, plum, pepper and tobacco. The blue fruit flavors are sweet and lithe, with the texture upping the enjoyment.
If a blast of thick but classy oak doesn't bother you, then this single-  vineyard wine comes highly recommended. It gets better with every minute of air, and along the way you get aromas of charcoal, mint, licorice and berries, which are followed by flavors of blackberry, prune cake and molasses. This modern, ripe, eminently drinkable Syrah weighs in at 14.5% alcohol.
This is quite a rich wine, and although it can't quite overcome Petite Sirah's rustic character, it is a great example of the variety. Fully dry and full-bodied, with thick tannins, it's filled with blackberry, black cherry and mocha flavors, with a meaty edge.
There's a cheerful floral bouquet here that helps set this Prosecco Brut apart. Pair it with marinated shrimp or seafood salad and enjoy the natural acidity and sweet citrus flavors.
While the style is soft, full of yellow fruit richness, the wine also show an excellent concentrated texture. The fresh fruit is integrated into this more complex style. The aftertaste shows some softness, but the wine can certainly age for several years.
This opens with aromas of underbrush, toasted nut and grilled herb. The extremely simple, abrupt palate offers suggestions of sour cherry and orange zest alongside brisk acidity.
Camporenzo opens with over-the-top ripeness and intense aromas of dark fruit, toasted nut and sweet spice. There's a touch of bitter astringency that softens the longer the wine stays in the glass.
With strong new wood aromas, this concentrated wine shows vanilla as well as black-fruit flavors. Acidity cuts the richness, giving shape to wine and focusing on the balance. With firm tannins in the background, it needs several years. Drink from 2016.
Yellow-apple notes are clearly expressed on the nose. They also appear with lovely purity on the balanced dry palate which has a rich backdrop of autolysis with hints of rye bread. The mousse is fine and creamy, the finish is dry and lasting.
This is 100% Cabernet Sauvignon, from designated rows at Pepper Bridge. Juicy and packed with flavors of strawberry and black cherry fruit, it adds interest with aromatic hints of tomato sauce, and flavors of leaf, cedar and graphite. Tannins are firm and dry, and finished with a generous burst of smoky, toasty oak.
The entry starts off a bit green with notes of grass, green plum and a touch of pepper. The mouthfeel is light and lean but offers loads of fresh citrus flavors by way of tart orange supremes and lime rind. The bracing finish and prickly texture make this an easy-drinking choice.
Pretty green floral, apple and pear notes scent this fresh, easy-drinking Riesling. Brisk and semidry in style, it seems sweetened by a lacy haze of sugar that lingers on the finish. Drinking now.
Big and rounded, this will eventually develop into a ripe, complex wine. Spice and toast notes merge with the yellow fruits and structured nervosity.
Although this rosé smells of wild strawberries, the aroma is better than the palate, which tastes chemical with a bitter almond aftertaste. Serve very cold.
The nose on this upstate New York sparkler is promising, with toasty aromas reminiscent of Champagne. However, the palate doesn't follow through. The wine is thin and watery, with little depth or persistence. Nonetheless, it could be enjoyable as a simple warm-weather quaffer.
Quintessential value wine from Spain is what you're getting with Viña Borgia's 100% Garnacha. The nose is candied for sure, but it settles to show the upside of Grenache rather than the weaker, more remedial side. Flavors of bright cherry and raspberry are high-toned and pure, and the finish offers a little pepper and edge.
Alluring scents of bright red berry, blue flower, dark spice and a whiff of espresso float out of the glass. The bright, savory palate delivers juicy wild cherry, cassis, clove and star anise set against firm refined tannins. It's balanced, with bright acidity. A cedar note closes the finish.
An austere wine, tight and taut, drawing a fine line of apple skins and green plum over a steely, mineral character. This is going to take its time, give it 3–4 years.
A crisp, fresh, intensely dry wine that is balanced by some ripe caramel and red currant flavors. This is a rosé in the Provence tradition, dry, designed for food.
Medium gold in color. Attractive nose, quite citrussy, orange with floral notes and a touch of honey. Layered and reasonably complex. Dry and richly textured on the palate and medium bodied. Nicely taut and well balanced with ample ripe orchard and melon fruit. Evident minerality right across the palate to the finish, which is persistent, layered and savory.
This is 100% Cabernet; a toasty, smoky wine with lots of barrel flavors, woven around pretty cherry fruit. Not especially complex, but loaded with friendly flavors of cherry and oak, with a high toast factor bringing in espresso and smoke.
With peach custard, pineapple and smoky, oaky tastes, this is a good, satisfying Chard. It's dry and balanced in acidity, with a nice spiciness.
Cortona in eastern Tuscany is one of the most promising emerging wine regions in central Italy. This bright, acidic Sauvignon delivers fragrant tones of lemon blossom, white almond and passion fruit.
Fruity and fragrant, this Savigny shows extra weight that makes it serious and age worthy. The wine's tannins are cushioned by the generous red fruits, which promise aging potential. Wood and spice flavors emphasize the finish.
Gritty stalky aromas suggest that the original material for this Gran Reserva was not fully ripe. This feels wide chunky and grabby, with harsh tannins. Stalky flavors of herbal raspberry and plum come with oaky vanilla accents and tomatoey spice on the finish.
Earth, smoke, leather and raspberry make for a pretty inviting bouquet, while the palate is fresh but mellow, with mildly tangy raspberry and cherry flavors. Overall this is a pleasant, cut-the-fairway wine with touches of mocha, cinnamon and earth to ponder. 350 cases produced.
Pure joy and beauty emanate from the gorgeous bouquet of this golden dessert wine from northeast Italy. Intense aromas include peach, apricot, honey, almond and yellow rose and the impression the wine makes in the mouth is that of density and opulence. You can pair it with a not too sweet dessert, like panna cotta, or drink it alone.
This five-grape Bordeaux-style blend is 54% Merlot, 18% Cabernet Sauvignon, 16% Cab Franc, 8% Malbec and 4% Petit Verdot. Sleek, subtle and sporting an overall elegance, it's a sophisticated take on a Right Bank Bordeaux style, with black olive and cassis, espresso and dark chocolate in perfect proportion.
Baked pear and honeysuckle combine around a floral, perfumy vibe, the wine medium in weight, texture and body. A crisp and lemony finish rounds it out, the wine structured and soft.
Structured and savory, it offers a floral fragrance of honeysuckle, elderberry and crushed tomato vine. The juicy palate delivers tropical fruit, white peach and pineapple while crisp acidity brightens up the creamy texture.
Petal pink in the glass, this wine was specifically grown to be a rosé by winemaker David Galzignato. The nose is pretty with bubble gum, strawberry, raspberry and a bit of lime peel, and the palate offers flavors of ruby-red grapefruit and lemon juice, with bright acidity throughout.
Voluptuous in the mouth, with a velvety, chocolate-layer-cake richness. It has flavors of cassis liqueur and blackberries in every form—from freshly picked to dried. It's a delicious wine for drinking now and over the next few years.
Sold through the wine club. Excellent concentration in this ripe, full-bodied Riesling. It delivers a boat-load of fruit flavors, explosive aromatics and marvelous length. Citrus, peach and pear fruit is underscored with delicate minerality. Juicy, sappy and long.
This is a bit plummy and stewed on the nose, but shows more life on the palate, where some chewy tannins provide backbone and richness. Powdered cinnamon and cocoa notes mark the long finish. Drink now–2018.
This entry-level Riesling from Zind-Humbrecht is very fresh, crisp, aromatic and delightfully fragrant. Some tighter minerality adds nerviness to the texture, but it's ready to drink.
Consistent with recent vintages, this lovely Sémillon opens immediately into a creamy, leesy, expressive core. Scents of green apple, lemon and beeswax turn into lush fruit flavors of melon, pear and citrus. It shows far more complex and interesting fruit character than most unoaked Chardonnays—here, the acids are not intrusive, but come up naturally in the back of the throat.
Herb and barrel spice aromas are light, with a high-toned berry top note. The black-fruit flavors are smooth and sultry. You want more from the aromas but the flavors quickly compensate.
Saint Clair's main Sauvignon Blanc bottling came out really well in 2013, balancing green leafy notes with grapefruit elements. It's not as big or bold as some of the Pioneer Block wines, but instead boasts a sense of firmness and a fine line of chalk and acid from start to finish.
Vibrant black-fruit aromas come across young and vital, with a lot of oak topping. The palate is chunky, with pulpy weight and plenty of body. Blackberry and black currant are the lead flavors, and they are backed by chocolaty oak. This feels meaty and bulky, with tons of fruit-forward heft and power.
From a small sub-region of Lisboa, this stylish, structured wine is firm and tannic. It has plenty of ripe berry fruit to balance the tannins as well as acidity that cuts through the richness of the wine. It is ready to drink.
The second wine from Château Vignelaure, a vast estate near Aix-en-Provence, this is a textured, ripe wine. It has red fruits but also a great tang of orange and lemon zest that gives it a delicious, refreshing lift.
Right now this Pinot is a bit heavy and full-bodied, almost like a Rhône-style wine with its thick mouthfeel and cherry, anise and chocolate flavors. It could easily age, throwing some sediment and becoming softer and more delicate. Try after 2012.
The wine is certainly dense and layered, showing waves of blackberries and cherries, sweet leather and Asian spice, olive tapenade and beef carpaccio, and sweet, smoky new oak. It's extremely complex, and should develop in the cellar, although not for a long time. Best now through 2010.
A very open, soft wine that shows lightweight, attractive red fruits. Its softness makes it drinkable now, with fresh acidity dominating the lower layer of dry tannins.
Pale in color, soft and flat in the mouth, this wine has a vegetal edge to the stewed cherry flavors.
Too acidic for real enjoyment, with a bite of citrusy sharpness, as if a few squirts of lime juice were added. Otherwise, it's bone dry and tannic, with blackberry and pepper flavors.
With solid berry and plum aromas, the bouquet is friendly and nice. This is fresh and fruity in style, with hints of leather and chocolate accenting core berry and plum flavors. An earthy, warm finish with leathery notes is the final act.
The winery notes that these are the oldest commercial Riesling vines in Oregon, planted in 1965. This has a succulent core of sweet apple-flavored fruit, quite rich and delicious. It dries out a little toward the back, but continues with excellent length and more of that crystal clear fresh red apple flavor. It's got enough textural interest to keep it from feeling one-dimensional.
From a very warm site in pear country comes this Cabernet/Merlot blend. It shows ripe fruit, dense tannin, and some dark, toasted-coffee notes. The forward fruit is appealing, but the wine falls off in the middle and finishes quickly.
This soft, high-toned wine is more than a little sweet— either a stuck fermentation or intentional residual sugar. Strawberry candy, cracker, and a hint of sweat in the finish.
Smoky, gritty black cherry and blackberry aromas are herbal and smell a bit like road tar. This is flush on the palate at first, then more tight and tannic. Flavors mostly reflect the nose, meaning this tastes gritty, peppery, toasted and herbal, with spicy berry flavors rolling out over the finish.
This Chardonnay-based sparkling wine is rich and opulent on the palate with decadent aromas of mature fruit, honeydew melon, honey and toasted almond. It is uniquely smooth and silky on the close.
A very sweet red blend, this has easy-to-like raspberry and vanilla flavors. Give it a slight chill and drink it with ham sandwiches.
White fruit and flower aromas are friendly and simple. The palate feels soft and syrupy, and thus it's not surprising that the wine's flavors of sweet apple and pear taste honeyed and candied. Creamy on the finish, lacking the zest and cut that Verdejo should have.
With this new 2007 release the Grand Estates bottling assumes its rightful place as the go-to bottle in the broad lineup of Rieslings from Ste. Michelle Wine Estates. Though the alcohol is a level-headed 12%, the wine is just slightly beyond dry. Perfectly ripe fruit flavors mix grapes, apples and oranges in equal proportion; the balance is just about perfect.
A prime example of why Pinot Noir is great to release later in its life, this six-year-old wine is signing with concentrated strawberry, iron, dried rose petals, stewed black cherry and raw beef. The palate is quite earthy but also packs black plum, vanilla, pepper, thyme and marjoram into a wondrous and complete package.
Deep berry, cola, mint and leather aromas are classy and not overdone. Feels lush and deep in the mouth, with blatant ripeness and toasty, oaky flavors of cola, coconut and blackberry. Finishes big but not that long or complex. Drink now through 2013; Malbec with Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot.
Very ripe, with a solid structure, this is dense and tannic. Its black plum and berry fruits are rich, jammy and likely to show well with the tannins in a few years. Drink from 2016.
The cool-climate fruit provides the bracing aromas, the lively texture, the crispness without bitterness, and fruit that doesn't veer into overripe peach or apricot. It's got an edge to it, but it's very clean, stylish and polished, with a nice level of intensity that has no bitter, hot or volatile elements.
Soft and candied, with pleasant flavors of cherries, raspberries, cola and sweet smoky oak. Has a silky, elegant mouthfeel. Drink now.
94-96 Barrel sample. A dense wine, with great intensity of flavor. There are spice, mineral and blackberry flavors over dark plums, and a great depth of complex tannins and wood.
This Perli is a gem, a gorgeous reminder that California Syrah can be a liquified representation of beauty. Carrying violet overtones, the wine offers just-picked raspberry and a pronounced entry of peppery spice. Soft it has a long finish and complex subtleties approaching magic. Sit this wine in your cellar if you dare—it's so good to drink now.
This opens with pretty aromas of orchard fruit and a tinge of spring blossom. The juicy palate delivers tropical fruit, white peach and citrus alongside bright acidity. A light mineral note marks the close.
This has subtle aromas suggesting beeswax, green pear and a whiff of nut. The lean, racy palate offers lemon zest, crisp Granny Smith apple and bitter almond alongside brisk acidity.
Pure Cabernet Sauvignon, this brings full-on dark fruits, smoke, licorice and black-tea flavors into the core palate. Despite its power, the wine has a sculpted quality, a nice sense of depth, yet with immediate appeal. The tannins are polished and fine, the acids just right to give the wine crisp edges and focus.
Sourced from the Stillwater Creek vineyard this wine spent 20 months in 75% new French oak. Immediately appealing, it opens into a mix of cranberry, pomegranate and cherry fruit, annotated with light hints of sandalwood, cocoa and black tea.
Simultaneously sweet and smoky aromas from the use of new oak mark this full-bodied wine. The fruit flavors resemble blackberry, the texture is broad and grippy with tannins and the finish is powerful with more oak sensations.
Full bodied and rich in texture, this wine has ample toast and vanilla aromas, ripe pear and honey flavors, and low acidity. That adds up to a flavorful, almost sweet wine that is soft and syrupy.
Aromas suggesting forest floor, ripe berry, leather, scorched earth and a hint of cured meat slowly emerge on this full-bodied red. The firm concentrated palate offers dried black cherry, grilled herb, star anise and clove while youthfully austere tannins provide an age-worthy structure. Drink 2022–2035.
A smooth texture and broadly fruity flavors make this medium-bodied wine easy to sip and swallow. Red cherry and plum aromas lead to ripe fruit on the palate and light butter and vanilla accents.
This smells dark and concentrated, yet the blackberry and cassis core is lifted by a powdery, purple-potpourri accent. There's a strong woody presence on the palate, with baking spice and vanilla bean flavors that linger.
It shows ripe, jammy raspberry and cherry fruit and oak, but it lacks structure. The flamboyant fruit and Napa elegance lend some appeal.
Young and strong now, this has lots of primary berry and chocolate flavors. The oak hasn't been integrated into the wine, making it feel rustic, with an emphasis on the tannins and acids. Give it two or three years before opening, but not much more than that.
Now mature and ready to drink, this is a ripe, smooth wine. It has soft tannins and a rounded texture with spice and secondary undergrowth flavors. The wine, from an estate owned by the bishops of Angers before the French Revolution, needs no more aging.
So light, it's almost intangible, this fresh, crisp wine has little character. Drink now.
Showcasing the richness of 2009 without sacrificing fine structure, this is stylish and concentrated. Dark black fruit accompanies a tight, minerality and a fine shaft of acidity. This single-vineyard offering is worth aging for 2–3 years.
David Sterza is a producer to watch. His impressive Amarone show consistency and Valpolicella typicity vintage after vintage. This expression is redolent of spice, cola, mature fruit and loads of clean, smooth black berry fruit.
As tart in acids and zingy as cool-climate Chard comes, with bright, mouth-stimulating lime and kiwi flavors that finish dry and clean. There's a tiny bit of oak, but the fruit really stars in this tasty, affordable wine.
A big wine, with structure and fruit. The mild tannins are a counterpoint to the harmonious red berries, acidity and dense texture. Boasts a delicious, sensuous finale. For medium-term aging.
Made from Syrah from one of the producer's oldest estate blocks in the Petaluma Gap, this wine has breezy lightness, a delicacy that compels. Cherry, vanilla and strawberry center around tingling acidity and a meaty underbite, finishing dry and balanced.
Fairly aggressive on the nose, with pungently grassy aromas that lead into a fresh, citrusy palate. Light in body, there's a dusty chalkiness to the mouthfeel and a tart, zesty finish.
This even, fairly full Riesling has fragrant, grapey nose and lots of ripe apple-grape fruit. Nicely balanced, with modest acidity, it's mildly sweet on the palate but finishes dry and fairly long. Great drinking now, this would be a perfect step off the Chardonnay train for many enthusiasts. Editors' Choice.
Black-cherry and creamy chocolate flavors play on the nose and in the mouth. The wine is light but harmonious, with a smooth texture and a dry cherry finish.
Crisply fruity, this light, bright wine is designed for immediate drinking with its acidity, lemon fruits and lightly herbaceous touch.
Pure, beautifully delicate wine, with mineral striations that line out the grapefruit and citrus flavors. It is certainly very crisp, with a light touch of toast just showing, finishing with a delicious burst of acidity.
Here's an inky black and densely concentrated Cabernet Sauvignon that would pair with grilled sausage or barbecued steak. The wine is soft, round and slightly sweet on the finish.
A fragrant, pure expression of Moscato Giallo, this is a slightly-sweet wine to drink as a hot-afternoon apéritif. The bouquet is generous and bold, with persistent aromas of yellow rose, acacia, honeysuckle and peach. All that sweet intensity is held in line by a pretty mineral endnote.
Ripe aromas of apple flesh and apple blossoms trend toward guava on the nose of this wine from the legendary California family. There is a chalk-driven energy on the palate, though ripe fruits are prominent, with more apples and guava as well as steamed peaches.
A small parcel of Verdelho, planted originally in the 19th century and never officially recognized. The wine has a beautiful botrytis character, marked by pure acidity, by lemon and honey and great final freshness. Screwcap.
Plum, slate and cherry blossoms show on the nose of this wine, grown along the Foxen Canyon corridor. Red fruit and hibiscus highlight the top of the sip, followed by brick minerality, bright acidity and a spice that leans toward anise.
A pleasant, lemon-and-lime white, best with light fish dishes. Unlike most of its brethren, which are ready to go from the moment they're opened, this one has some burnt-matchstick aromas that need time and aeration to dissipate. Try decanting.
Soft and fresh style of wine that feels full without losing its light touch. Delicious baked apple and nutmeg flavors finish this bright wine.
A big, vital Syrah, massively packed with intense blackberry fruit, in the way of Mount Veeder reds. It's distinctly Syrah-esque, with pepper and bacon flavors, and the winemaker has added a deft layer of smoky oak. Very good, but young and sweetly immature. Needs time. Give it another three years, but if you pop the cork now, decant for several hours.
Fresh, clean flavors of plum and wild cherry are underscored with pleasing minerality. The balance is perfect, never overblown. It thins out a bit quickly on the finish.
This is pure Malbec from the Gamache vineyard. The lush, concentrated fruit is a generous bowl-full of berries, lightly dusted with peppery herbs. The midpalate is concentrated and shows pretty floral and pipe tobacco highlights, while the tannins have a chewy, rustic edge.
A ripe sweet style, with blackberry and cherry liqueur, leather, tobacoo, rum cake and graham cracker. This wine's polished, distinctive finish features a rich, velvety feel.
Tropical stone fruit and wild honey rise from the nose of this exquisite white wine, from a spot smack in the middle of the appellation. High-toned citrus lifts the acidity to refreshing, supporting levels, a mix of Meyer lemon and limestone-like stoniness. A lean, lithe underbelly underlies a heart of apple pie and baked pineapple.
Nervy raspberry and cherry aromas come with a pinch of green herb. It feels astringent yet structured and crisp, with edgy red-berry and herb flavors. Lively, fiery and mildly acidic on the finish.
Smells of rust, iron, tomato and untracked peppercorns rise to the nose. On the palate, the wine is quite light and racy, with a little boysenberry and more sanguine flavors. Hold onto this one until 2016 for maximum enjoyment, as more flavors will emerge.
Co-fermented with a small quantity of Viognier, this Syrah was aged in 100% new oak. It's flashy and completely satisfying to drink now. Starts a little soft and dry, then explodes midpalate into a burst of cherry and raspberry fruit, with creamy, caramelized notes. The finish is long-lasting and elegant.
Pleasantly spicy and round, this pure Sauvignon Blanc has light lemon and orange peel flavors, and a lively core which leaves a finishing impression of buttery, fresh-baked brioche. Not especially deep, but appealing.
For fans of extreme pungency only. There's some grapefruit, but also large amounts of asparagus and hints of cat pee. Finishes tart, but not terribly fresh—after all, it is a 2002. Why is Russian River producer Davis Family Vineyards bringing this stuff in?
Chardonnays this rich need crisp acidity, minerality and a dry finish to balance them. That is exactly what you'll find in this beautiful example, from one of the appellation's best vineyards. It's bountiful in oranges, apricots and mangoes, with plenty of buttered toast, yet there's a mouthwatering tartness that makes you reach for another glass.
A lush, flavorful Cabernet that offers plenty of richness. It floods the mouth with ripe blackberries, cherries, black currants and cassis, with hints of chocolate and mushu plum sauce. The thick tannins need a good steak to play against.
Lean and austere, this brings out the mineral character of the Dão region without expressing the richer fruit side. It has tannins, juicy acidity and a tight, severe finish.
Dense aromas of earth, berry fruits, latex and animal fur are a touch challenging at first but balance out with airing. This has a crisp, fresh feel despite coming from a hot year. Lightly herbal, leathery flavors of red currant and wild berry finish oaky, with more than adequate filling.
A mild Sauvignon Blanc, with white grapefruit, grass and mild asparagus aromas. Feels chunky and round, with soft acids creating sweet, green flavors of grapefruit and grass. Round on the finish, with a modest variety of flavor.
An attractive, rich and creamy Chardonnay, this balances acidity with  tropical fruit and wood flavors. Made using fruit from a parcel in the Haute-Serre Vineyard, this is a wine that has an edge of minerality as well as ripe, textured fruit.
The Czerny family, who have 27 acres of vines on the terraces of the Wagram, make long-lived, bone-dry wines, produced from an organic vineyard. This wine has years to go. It is still fresh, but yielding only grapefruit and spice flavors at this stage. Power and elegance should come later. Imported by Domaine Select Wine Estates.
This light blend of wines from across Provence is crisp but somewhat lacking in flavor. It has a light, bright aftertaste. Drink now.
This 100% varietal wine is aged in American oak, offering an approachable, rounded, full-bodied impression of pencil shavings, cherry, leather and tobacco bound by firm tannins.
Yeasty and juicy, this is a very savory Grüner where peppery, herbal spice stands in the foreground with lots of citrus freshness. This is lip-smackingly fresh, lively and intense.
Fresh green-pear notes appear everywhere and round out the slender palate. Lemon and lime freshness provide extra structure. Drink soon.
This is snappy in the front of the palate, with green pea, bell pepper, tangerine and grass aromas. It feels alert, crisp and citric, with dry lime, grapefruit and pole bean flavors that culminate in lemon and persistent grapefruit notes on the finish. A linear, high-acid style of Sauvignon Blanc, this has definite coastal influences.
This blend of 50% Syrah, 40% Grenache and 10% Cinsault is bold and lively, with aromas and flavors of ripe raspberry, red cherry and white melon, framed by hints of garrigue. The subtly textured palate lends structure and depth, with ample acidity providing lift and balance. Pair this with simple grilled meat or chicken.
The Conflict red is a mash-up of 38% Cabernet Sauvignon, 37% Merlot, 25% Cabernet Franc, and it's a crowd-pleaser from the instant the cork is pulled. Dense scents of cherry, roasty-toasty barrel and cracker are inviting. The grapes were sourced entirely from the Conner Lee Vineyard. This effort showcases the winery's signature style, with notes of black fruits, exotic spices, coffee grounds and dark chocolate. Drink now or cellar for 6–8 years.
A dense and seriously concentrated wine, this comes from a small parcel of vines that are densely planted with 6,666 vines per hectare (2,600 per acre). Black fruits dominate the powerful dusty tannins while licorice and dark chocolate flavors come from behind. It is a wine to age for many years. Drink from 2022.
It delivers both fruit and attractive ginger and cinnamon flavors. Apple acidity comes along with tangerine juiciness, and toast gives the spice that's a delicious underlay. Drink from 2015.
This Cab may be in a bit of a dip. It's awkward, with a sharp, edgy mouthfeel, and as the wine ages, raisin notes creep forward. Still, kudos to Ehret for holding the wine back for so long, as it does possess a certain complexity.
This wine opens with nondescript aromas of oak, espresso, coffee and plum. The low-acid, one-dimensional palate offers black cherry, oak extract, and sweet, almost sugary vanilla and butterscotch alongside evident alcohol and soft, fleeting tannins. It lacks energy and intensity, so drink soon.
Sourced from the cool-climate regions of Margaret River and Mount Barker, this full-bodied Shiraz boasts plenty of peppery aromas, but also eucalyptus, sour cherry and dill. Shows more leather and caramel on the palate, finishing with soft, dusty tannins.
Green-fruit and citrus aromas come with a note of saline. This SB is cut like a razor's edge, with tangy, citric acids. Flavors of lime and green apple break up with time and finish mild in flavor but zesty in feel.
Lake County remains a serious place for Cabernet Sauvignon and Six Sigma is one of its better Cab practitioners. This 2007 version all rich and yeasty baked bread until it delves into black olive, dark plum and black tea flavors, finished by caramel and vanilla, all in all a refreshingly light touch.
Though much lower in price than the single vineyard offerings—and without the microchip on the label—this bottling carries all of the earthy aspects that characterize this iconoclastic winery. Umami aromas of nori wrap meet with dried purple flowers and blackberry on the nose. The mouthfeel is soft and full, with flavors full of loam, beet juice, incense and crushed boysenberry.
This is a great wine. The winemaking team, headed by chateau director John Kolasa, has taken advantage of the heat of 2003 and the fact that Rauzan-Ségla has a great vineyard. They have crafted a densely tannic wine that, at its heart, retains a cool elegance. There is great fruit, blackcurrants, and acidity which adds to the sense of poise with power. Imported by Diageo Chateau & Estates.
This opens with subtle aromas of wild flower and a whiff of exotic fruit. The bright fruity palate offers white peach, apple and a hint of honeydew melon. It's straightforward and refreshing.
With 30% of the local Abouriou grape in the blend, this is herbal and spicy. It has a round character that is beefed up by the weight and tannins imparted by the addition of Malbec. Red fruits dominate, making this ready to drink.
This wine shows the intense fruitiness of the 2014 vintage. It's all about crisp acidity, green fruits and tight, steely texture. It's a refreshing wine, with a bright aftertaste. Drink now.
Dr. Pepper, black plum and poppy-seed aromas show on this bottling by Ken Brown, who planted the first Syrah in Santa Barbara County in 1978. The soft palate offers cola, candied black cherry and violet flavors, lacking many of the gamy qualities found in the region.
This wine from the mountain vineyards of eastern Portugal is rich, fruity and made to be drunk young. With soft tannins and juicy red berry fruit, it's open and ripe. Drink now.
What this 100% Merlot lacks in subtlety, it makes up for in the sheer power of its fruit. It's rich and spicy in black cherry, milk chocolate, red licorice and oak, after being aged for 20 months in 100% new French barrels. With thick but refined tannins, it's drinkable now.
Deep and hearty mulberry aromas meet with condensed rose petals, cinnamon, clove and hot gingerbread on the earthy, spicy nose of this clonal bottling by longtime winemaker Denise Shurtleff. The sip is thick and full of chaparral herbs at first, then opens toward rounded red cherry, cranberry and cinnamon before diving into fennel and peppercorn. It's amazing for one clone to be so complex.
Subtle and shy at first, exhibiting light aromas of rose petal, this wine unveils slowly to reveal complex elements of cinnamon, red and black cherry—a curious commingling that comes together nicely. From several vineyards, including Martinelli, it's medium bodied and lengthy, with plenty of earthiness to the finish.
The grapes come from the winery's estate vineyards on Howell Mountain, and you can sense the mountain intensity, both of tannins and fruity concentration. The flavors are impressive, suggesting black currant and mocha, with a minerality that grounds the wine. The tannins will help the wine evolve until 2020–2022, but you can drink it now.
Aromas of cured meat, stewed fruit and toasted oak lead the nose. On the ripe palate, notes of powdered sage, vanilla and oak spices accent fleshy black plum. Bracing tannins provide the framework, but drink soon to capture the fruit richness.
A common, country-style wine, rich in cherries, cola and spices, with lusty tannins. It's lush and simple, but will rise to the occasion with a cheeseburger. The blend is Zinfandel, Petite Sirah and Graciano.
This opens with aromas of mature orchard fruit, lemon zest and acacia honey. The vibrant palate delivers candied grapefruit, Golden Delicious apple and vanilla alongside fresh acidity that leaves a clean finish. Enjoy soon.
A slightly tawny color and extra spicy, meaty aromas make this appetizing blend of 75% Grenache, 17% Mourvèdre and 8% Syrah interesting to taste. It's medium-bodied, peppery and savory and is backed by moderate berry flavors.
This invigorating sparkler opens with heady aromas of white peach and spring wild flower while the enjoyable palate offers green apple and candied lemon drop. Tangy acidity gives it a crisp finish.
This lightweight Pinot Noir features high-toned red-fruit aromas and flavors. Strawberry and red cherry notes dominate, but there are hints of coffee and nail polish as well. Drink now.
A big, bold, robust wine, dominated by black berry fruits and a deep layer of spice and toast. It is very rich, the tannins showing some structure, with the acidity buried in sweet, ripe fruit.
This is a clean, dry earthy, acidic wine, but it's a little thin in fruit, and lovers of Viognier's opulence will be disappointed, despite the elegance. The flavors veer toward lemon zest and minerals.
This pretty Extra Dry Prosecco (with a playful touch of sweetness) opens with bright aromas of peach, honey and jasmine and segues into a soft, creamy mouthfeel.
The hot vintage yielded a beefy, leathery wine with earthy black-fruit aromas along with creamy plum and blackberry flavors. It's a little thick and spongy compared to other vintages of the 125 (namely 2001), and it's definitely saturated. But for good cola, black fruit and other jammy flavors, this is a nice ride. Drink now through 2010.
The nose on this wine is quite interesting, with a ripe cranberry scent and a prominent note of marijuana. That herbal, grassy note is also the main player on the palate, as there's not much fruit or other components to go with it. It's light in body and tannin, with ample acidity.
Made in the soft, melted style that currently characterizes many Napa Cabs, this one features rather sweet flavors of blackberries, cherries, chocolate and spices. It's delicious on one level, but ultimately one-dimensional.
This Cab is sheer and tannic, with red plums and stern berry flavors. Adequate initially but the heat and tannins soon cover the palate.
On the nose, this jammy Malbec smells quite good; aromas of balsam wood, shoe polish and raisin are heady, woody and ripe. The palate, however, is more chubby than defined, with jammy weight and low acidity. Flavors of raisin and baked plum turn more stewy and soft as this breathes out. Drink now.
You're not reading the vintage wrong: this unique release was just recently discovered lurking in the back of the winery warehouse. Talk about extended tirage! It's in remarkably good condition, biscuity and amazingly fresh. It does show some darkening of hue, and medium-bodied flavors of brioche, cream and toast.
A robust, spicy Syrah, full-bodied and fruity, offering an explosion of concentrated blackberries and pepper. The tannins are raw and astringent now, making the wine functionally difficult to enjoy. This score reflects the wine's possibilities in 3–4 years.
Subdued on the nose with hints of apple, pear and wet stones, this semi-sweet wine is stark and lean on the palate with flavors of pressed apple and lemons. It's refreshing and easy drinking with a tight, light-footed frame.
Fresh aromas of honeysuckle lead to a palate where honey and vanilla come together atop ripe peach. Medium bodied, the texture is unctuous before finishing lean and light.
The impressive nose on this blend offers aromas of tobacco, beef jerky, oregano, thyme, chocolate, coffee and dark earth against a blueberry-liqueur backbone. A bumping acidity unleashes flavors of plum and purple flowers on the palate, which also shows espresso and blackberry tang, carrying deep into the finish.
Raspberry jam, red currant and liqueur flavors mark this strong Pinot Noir. It's all about fruit and oak, with little subtlety, and the hard tannins will never go away.
This outstanding effort bursts with bold, dark fruits, laced with herb and earth, and fleshed out with manly tannins. Firm, puckery and balanced, it's got the juicy blackberry core and the hints of toast that let it compete with wines three times the price.
50% Syrah, 27% Mourvèdre, 15% Petite Sirah and tiny bits of Cinsault and Grenache go into this lively blend; it's supple and juicy, loaded with bright berry flavors. The fruit is buttressed with smooth, almost silky tannins, and as with all the Bunnell Family wines, it emphasizes sweet and pretty fruit without ever seeming simple or wimpy.
The nose on this wine combines the more tightly wound tonic profile with richer accents of browned walnuts and pan-fried apples. Flavors are light, clear and easy, with pear, apples, pineapple and cinnamon proving right down the middle stylistically.
Made from 100% Sauvignon Blanc old vines, this has been given a heavy dose of wood, including barrel fermentation and lees stirring. The result is a definite hit, rich and almost Burgundian in its wood flavors and concentration, but with just that hint of herbaceousness to remind you it is Sauvignon.
This is blended from two finished wines: a 2005 Counoise (64%) and a 2006 Viognier (36%). It's ripe and round and showing strawberry and peach flavors. The two grapes work together well, and create a seamless wine with plenty of fruit power.
89-91 Barrel sample. From a small parcel of Château Fombrauge, Bernard Magrez has created this small-production cuvée. It's quite modern, packed with spicy new wood and superripe fruit. The acidity, though, creates balance.
Lots of new, smoky oak stands out on this polished Cab. Give it a little time in a decanter before you drink, as it pulls together, becoming more powerful and accenting the blackberry and cherry flavors. Should develop for a decade.
Lots of mint and dill in this unripe wine. It's very dry, with some sharp tannins that lead to an astringent finish.
This is a spice- and vanilla-driven Valpolicella with a simple, forward approach and nice background aromas of ripe cherry, dried fruit and cedar wood. The mouthfeel is simple, clean, short and effective.  Imported by Tellitalia Imports.
Fans of Vino Nobile will adore this pretty and accessible Rosso. It opens with a delicate fragrance of violet, perfumed berries and baking spices. The refined palate delivers juicy wild cherry and raspberry lightly accented with cinnamon notes alongside supple tannins and fresh acidity. A hint of licorice marks the close.
This Pinot may develop additional bottle complexities, but right now it's extremely dry and rather thin in fruit, with a tobacco and herb streak that makes the acids and tannins stick out. It doesn't possess the lushness of the '01, but rather has a lean elegance.
Juicy, wooded and herbal, this full-bodied wine is deliciously layered in plum, cherry and blackberry, well composed and sourced from a site in Yountville. The grippy texture is accented in dark chocolate that gives velvety lushness that lasts through the finish.
Great price for a brut this classically structured. Made from Pinot Noir and Chardonnay, it's dry and crisp, with a fine mousse that gives it a creamy smooth mouthfeel. The pineapple, raspberry and vanilla flavors are delicious.
It's striking that this bottling packs a whopping 16.4% alcohol and is capable of managing it as well as it does. The palate is rich and hefty, with plenty of burly tannins that are deeply set into the wine's flesh. It tastes chocolaty and toasty, with an enticing maduro note that sings across the midpalate and onto the finish.
This wine's pungent bouquet comes close to resembling ammonia in its sweatry intensity, yet it rounds out surprisingly well on the palate, where melon fruit and a touch of sweetness emerges. Drink up.
Made in a more oxidative (Piedmont-like) style than is typical for most Pinot Noirs, with high-toned notes of burnt cherries and citronella. The palate is chewy and weighty and leads to a serious, intense finish laced with notes of gardenia. Drinking well now.
The price is affordable, but this isn't a very satisfying wine. Despite fruity flavors, it's rough and bubble-gummy.
This offers unusual aromas that suggest worn out leather, scorched soil and a whiff of cellar floor that carry over to the palate along with prune, dried berry and a bitter note of powdered sage. Astringent tannins leave a tongue-drying finish.
The aromas are bright, with notes of green herb, vanilla, clove, wood spice and cherry. The palate brings a mouthful of dark-fruit flavors along with barrel accents, providing a whole lot of texture and appeal.
With its bold, jammy blackberries and a hint of black pepper on the nose, this wine is all about delivering a flavor punch. Straightforward berry fruit is tinged with licorice in a bulky but satisfying package.
Oaky and dull, with flavors of sweetened pineapple juice that are heavily plastered with caramel and buttered popcorn. Needs greater restraint and subtlety.
Crushed granite notes add an austere elegance to pristine white-peach and citrus notes on this dry but lusciously mouthfilling Riesling. It's rich and round on the palate, with savory tones of fresh herbs that linger on the finish.
This is one of the winery's ripest, softest current Pinot releases. It's dry, but a bit heavy in mouthfeel, with a slightly stewed quality to the cherry and berry flavors. It also has some dry, astringent tannins in the finish. Could evolve over the next five years, but the overall quality is not likely to improve.
Oaky and dense, this wine is sourced from the Nunes Vineyard, a fine site in the heart of the appellation. Raspberry and blueberry jam sway between a juicy midpalate, integrated with the oak and yet toasty, before boasting a vanilla-cherry finish.
A corpulent, satisfying red at a bargain price, Mt. Monster's 2007 Shiraz offers vanilla, mint and plum aromas, a supple, creamy mouthfeel and layers of dark, superripe fruit. Drink it over the next year or two.
Varietally floral, with spice, tropical fruit and citrus on the nose. Clean and wispy on the palate, with touches of lemon extract, banana and pineapple. A zesty, easy white wine; best as an apéritif.
This Chardonnay reads on the nose and palate like key lime pie. Sweet and sour citrus notes are offset by graham cracker, vanilla and ginger snap. This is great juice with plenty of dimension—at once smooth and full, creamy and spicy. Don't drink it for dessert, though—try it with grilled chicken in a citrus and spice marinade. Top Value.
This is a structured wine, showing the firm tannins of a 2010 Beaujolais. Under the dry surface, the rich, juicy fruit is there, balanced with acidity, red fruit and a dense texture. Age for at least another year.
Tastes sweeter than past vintages, with flavors of oranges, peaches, honey and vanilla. But the acidity is brisk, providing balance. It's easy to like for its clean finish.
Merlot heavily dominates this Right Bank-style wine, with Cabernet Sauvignon accounting for only 11% of the blend. That accounts for the softness and the domination of cherries, red currants and violets. The acidity is mouthwatering. It's an easy-drinking wine, with some aspirations to complexity.
A bit tighter than some of the other wines, even showing some sulfur aromas that gradually ease up. Toasty wood notes accent pear and lime fruit, developing into dried spice nuances on the long, minerally finish.
Rich and concentrated, this is dominated by superripe fruit. The wine derives its weight and full body from the clay soil of the Käferberg. The tight texture and acidity shows some restraint, but this selection is about power.
A standout in a recent Chardonnay tasting, the new Lumière is a fulsome, fleshy, bright and concentrated wine, loaded with stone fruits running into light tropical. Rich in the mouth, generous in body and flavor, and finished with naturally juicy acidity.
The Cabernet from Cold Creek is not only old vine, but in terms of tightness and definition, it suggests that it may be one of the most ageworthy wines of the vintage from Washington State. This new vintage blends in 10% Merlot and 3% Syrah, and the wine is detailed with iron filings, pepper, bark, and dried earth notes. The fruit is tight, tart, and racy—a suggestion of wild berry and spicy plum.
Super-fruity in the mouth, like liquid, chilled apricot, pineapple, Meyer lemon and kiwi jam, with the heat of alcohol. It's fortunately crisp and clean in acidity. Will appeal to fans of slightly sweet white wines.
This classically styled wine has a spicy bouquet and wonderful cedar, cherry and tobacco flavors. The posh texture is supported by moderate tannins and good acidity. It's full bodied, well balanced and will make a great pairing with all kinds of meat and fowl.
Not your average bottle of bubbles, this naturally fermented wine has a cloudy appearance, wild earthy aromas and lots of peachy, spicy, earthy flavors.
Sweetly floral, this concentrated and penetrating wine, from some special old-vine plantings on Snipes Mountain, smells and tastes like fancy perfume in a wine bottle. Though not sweet, it could certainly be served as a dessert wine, given its exotic character.
Showing signs of maturity, this is a ripe, while still steely wine. The acidity cuts through the aromatic pear and apple flavors, while a touch of spice adds complexity. Not for long-term aging.
Aromas recall toasted bread crumbs, golden apples and a hint of vanilla. The palate offers Bartlett pear, yellow peach, lemon zest, roasted almond and mineral, but it closes on an unusual medicinal note.
Enticing aromas of a citrus orchard in bloom, peach and Alpine herb lead the way on this vibrant, racy wine. The lively palate is all about citrus zest, raw apple, mineral and racy acidity.
This pioneering Otago winery has turned out a medium-bodied, sturdily built Riesling loaded with notes of baked apples and spice. Although there may be a touch of residual sugar, the primary impression on the lingering finish is of crisp acids, not sugary sweetness.
This is the winery's off-dry sparkler. It's super-clean and crisp, with honeyed flavors of oranges and tangerines. A nice sip with fresh fruits, smoked ham, asparagus wrapped in prosciutto.
Fresh key lime aromas meet sweeter tangerine and floral scents on the nose of this single vineyard bottling. The acidity is punchy on the palate, with tangy green fruit flavors that recall Anjou pear and lime skins.
This is an intense, powerful wine, racy and fresh while also being full flavored and opulent. Exotic perfumes reminiscent of honey and wild flowers waft from the glass.
This rich and juicy wine from the Pinhão Valley has enormous potential, as shown by its strong, tannic character and firm structure. The foot-trodden grapes lend great flavor intensity, fine concentration and a note of blackberry juice. It will age well.
This small producer devoted to the variety continues to impress with this vintage, crafting here a balanced beauty, with vibrant white pepper, garrigue and herbes de Provence aromas. Pungently earthy, it offers a voluptuous texture yet relatively light body, meaty flavor and finesse.
Not very Riesling-like, but this is a good, inexpensive white nonetheless. Shows golden apple, pear and some lanolin aromas and flavors. Fairly full in the mouth for the variety.
Here's a rich, oak-aged blend of Sauvignon, Chardonnay, Ribolla Gialla and Friuliano that shows the aromatic characteristics of Sauvignon backed by the creamy texture of Chardonnay and Ribolla Gialla. This is a thick, ripe wine that lends a touch of melon sweetness in the mouth.
Superdense, jammy, extracted and dark, this has aromas of graphite, cola and sweet pastry along with a note of black fruit preserve. It feels lush and thick, bearing oaky, globular flavors of licorice and black fruit that seem a bit sticky, with a resiny finish. A blend of 70% Malbec and 30% Cabernet Sauvignon.
The reserve bottling shows more phenolic bite than the easy-drinking regular release. There are tight deep streaks of stem and earth, along with scents of cola and sassafras, and stiff tannins framing tight cherry fruit. This is the one to tuck away for a couple more years while drinking the regular Willamette Valley bottling.
Tough and common, with ripe, candied flavors of blackberries, chocolate and cedar. Needs greater dryness and structure. Drink now.
This has an intense aroma that's almost overpowering, leading to a wine that is firm and dry. Its red cherry flavor is dominated by dense tannins. The perfumed character, joined by acidity, remains on the finish.
Still young and tasting somewhat like a barrel sample, it has some fermentation flavors of ripe banana, chewy tannins, and a core of wood, earth and black cherry. It still needs to be softened up a bit; it has some hard, chewy edges, and is definitely a wine that should be decanted. Retasted on the second day it's still chewy and tight.
This is 100% Grenache, aged in one-third new oak. It's a modern style wine, but an immensely seductive one. Baking spices and vanilla frame superripe black cherry fruit, while the texture is plush and the finish long. Drink now–2025.
Krutz has blended this Chardonnay to drink now. The wine shows varietal flavors of tropical fruits, with a creamy note from lees aging and oaky notes of buttered toast.
One of the most pleasurable Clos du Bois Cabernets in years, this is easy to enjoy now for its flavors of cherries, currants, tobacco, spices and smoky oak.
An interesting, off-beat Merlot that successfully marches to a different drummer. There's a leathery, meaty quality to the blackberry and cherry fruit flavors that probably comes from the Syrah in the blend. It's also bone dry and fairly rigid in tannins. From an organic-certified vineyard.
Rich plum and cherry roused by a touch of spicy Pinotage and red fruit exuberance make this Merlot, Cabernet and Pinotage blend both elegant and adventurous. It has good structure and is hearty enough to hold its own against smoked meat and game dishes.
Broad, dark and meaty, with aromas of leather and beef broth. The palate comes on as bulky and tannic, but the flavors are full and deep even if they are also a touch soupy and meaty. Good for a 2008 midlevel RDD, but nothing to get excited over.
Ripe peach and floral aromas waft from this sprightly off-dry Riesling. A hint of pressed apple lends a savory feel to the mid palate, but it finishes briskly with a squirt of lemon and lime.
This expands the winery's portfolio with a nod to the $20 pricepoint that's become a defining limit to affordable Oregon Pinot. This wine is hard, slightly burnt and bitter in the finish, with simple candy cherry-fruit flavors.
Named after a green oak (Eouve in the local Provencal language), this wine is brightly aromatic, with a caramel flavor and tight acidity. The 15% Cabernet Sauvignon in the blend has given the wine some structure, which needs to soften a little. Drink from late 2017.
The oak is sweet and upfront but well-proportioned to the size of the fruit in this luscious Chardonnay, which comes from a cooler part of Napa Valley. There's Carneros-like acidity and very ripe, forward pear, peach, pineapple and date nut bread flavors.
This earthy wine opens with aromas of meat juices, baking spices and black fruit together with notes of leather and balsam. The rich palate delivers dark red cherry layered with mint and a tad of milk chocolate alongside dusty tannins. It' well balanced and should age moderately well. Drink 2016–2024.
Rich and oaky, this wine gives plenty of flavor at reasonable price. It has an abundance of baking spice, butter and toasted-baguette flavors, full body and a pleasantly viscous texture.
Extremely lifting and fluffy aromas of grape soda, very ripe olallieberries and nearly a bubblegum element arise on the nose of this accessible wine, which will appeal to lovers of many varietals. It's similarly poppy and easy to sip on the palate, with a strong acidic zing.
This wine has aromas of black cherry, vanilla and a touch of graphite. In the mouth there are flavors of cranberry, black cherry and pomegranate. It is well balanced, with rounded tannins and a persistent finish.
A tiny percentage of Chardonnay gives this lightly fragrant sparkler extra dimension and smoothness on the finish. Bright and easygoing, it offers citrus, peach and Golden Delicious apple aromas.
This is all Sundance vineyard, beautifully executed. It's got a ton of character, intensity, and brilliant, bright fruit. The acids are natural and flavors run through the citrus spectrum, from lime to pineapple, with great persistence.
The wines of Abelis Carthago are enigmatic. The lowest-priced Lui is the most balanced and complete. This wine, William, is dark and dense, with shoe polish and raw crude oil on the nose. It's super strapping and tannic, with bitter chocolate and coffee notes carrying the racy palate to a fiery finish. It lacks nuance and subtlety but will augment a good steak with nary a problem.
Shows the voluptuous texture and opulence that announce a fine Napa Cabernet. Rich in blackberry, black cherry, chocolate and smoky oak flavors, it's wrapped into fleshy tannins. Made from 100% Cabernet, it should develop bottle complexities over the next 6–8 years.
Pricey for a Vinho Verde, but one of the best we've tasted on this side of the Atlantic. It's lean and minerally, with hints of green apple, lime and fresh fennel. Finishes long and crisp, with a mineral note that lingers gracefully.
Juicy as a dark plum with a raspberry chaser, this 80-case Petite Sirah gets better and better as it opens, revealing itself to be mellow and rustic, yet big and broad-shouldered. It would make the perfect pairing with a plate of cheesy pasta, meat sauce and crusty garlic bread, or anything with pancetta.
Made with 90% Sangiovese, 4% Petit Verdot, 3% Merlot and 3% Cabernet Sauvignon, this has restrained aromas recalling mature black-skinned fruit and leather. The approachable palate delivers ripe plum and cedar alongside smooth tannins.
Profoundly mineral tones of earth and dust mingle with lychee and rose petal throughout this dry, light-bodied, yet brooding Gewürztraminer. The palate is marked with classic varietal notes of potpourri, stone fruit and spice, but they're uniquely exaggerated, with a deeply phenolic, bitter overtone that builds. Overall, it presents a fascinating play between the classic and unique.
Zesty Monterey acidity makes this slightly sweet wine clean and brisk. The flavors suggest sugared orange and pineapple juice.
The fruit is the story here, fresh, clean and loaded with flavors of apple and pear. This is a simple, well-made Sauvignon Blanc, neither grassy nor complex, just forward, fruity and ready to drink.
A blend of 60% Cabernet Franc, 30% Merlot and 10% Cabernet Sauvignon, this is a soft, red-fruited wine, with lively aromas and flavors of cherry, plum and currant, all laced with hints of tobacco leaf, toast and bittersweet chocolate. The mouthfeel is creamy and the tannins fine and fleeting.
A complex, full-bodied wine that is full of mature fruit flavors with a touch of toast to add to the attractive mix. With apple, quince and almonds well blended together, this is a finely balanced wine, that could age for a couple of years more.
Exotic aromas of wild berries, cumin and other Middle Eastern spices are interesting and inviting. This feels thick and chewy, bordering on syrupy, with stewed plum and brown sugar flavors. It hits with some burn and heat on the bullish finish.
We won't call this the best Terrunyo SB to date, but it is typically clean, mineral and full of lime and passion fruit. The overall balance and purity are up the ladder, while the flavors of green fruits, passion fruit, brine and lime don't hold back. Top notch SB from Chile to drink now.
Located in the middle of the appellation, Garys' Vineyard wines often show a cool-warm combination of acidity and fruit-forwardness. This '05, from Pinot master Dan Morgan Lee, shows brisk, zesty, squeezed-from-the-lime acids that boost exceptionally ripe cherry, strawberry and cola flavors that finish utterly dry and spicy. It will probably hang in there for a decade, but seems best for its fresh youthfulness.
Lemon-lime aromas complement an otherwise steely but complex bouquet. The wine is a bit simpler in the mouth but displays refreshing lemon flavors that fade into a chalky, long finish with a powerful kick of acidity. Imported by Bluewater Wine Company.
Notions of tart red berries and lemon claim the nose. The palate is equally bouncy and fresh. This dances on tiptoe across the palate, teasing with its brisk freshness and flirting with its appetizing flavors. Underneath all that sits a more serious, stony core and a well of unending freshness. If you desire brisk berried brightness in your refreshments look no further.
Lush, pure, welcoming and sturdy, with dense black fruit aromas leading to a healthy, racy palate that's full of live-wire blackberry and cassis flavors. Seriously stacked Malbec with no timidity and a finish that oozes layered black fruit, chocolate and complexity. Drink this winter or hold until the fall-winter of 2011. 3,000 cases made.
Juicy and fruity, this is a wine with fine acidity, crisp green fruits and a tight texture. Easy to drink already, it has a tangy character that gives the wine an extra bite at the end.
Spice and honeycomb waft exotically from this dry, medium-bodied wine. The palate is tart with lemon and lime flavors, but rounded with delicate streaks of apricot and honey. Finishes moderately long with a hint of fresh herbs.
Quite light, with tart rhubarb and strawberry fruit. There's more than a hint of peppery herb, and a tart, quick finish.
There are some fine, ripe blackberry and cherry flavors in this Cab, and although it's rustic and a bit sharp, at this price it's a pretty good house pour.
Even for a Meursault, this is exceptionally rounded, plump. The wine maybe misses out on freshness, but it compensates with the spice, almond and sweet white berry and pear flavors. The end is all spice and toast. Imported by Dreyfus, Ashby & Co.
Exotic incense, sandalwood and ripe berry aromas waft from the glass of this single-vineyard Barbaresco. The palate is initially closed but slowly reveals crunchy Morello cherry, toast and espresso alongside assertive tannins. Drink after 2018.
This blend of the three estate vineyards opens with lightly musky aromas and pinpoint herbal highlights. The fruit rolls from cranberry to strawberry to cherry, and the wine has a slightly woody character. Tannins are proportionate, still a bit stiff, and showing leafy notes. A light suggestion of chocolate infuses the finish.
Reduced rubbery aromas of blackberry and black currant come with a touch of mushroom. This is extracted, heavy and blocky on the palate, while baked blackberry flavors are massive but short on elegance. Bitter coffee flavors, rugged tannins and stickiness make for a heavy finish.
This wine is insanely good, from a dry-farmed, yes, rocky outcropping of vines planted first in 1910, then again in 1934 and the 1970s, with Carignane and Petite Sirah in the mix. It's thick, rich and beautifully put-together, full bodied and entirely balanced, with markings of cherry cordial and white pepper that seduce gently.
Form one block of the vineyard, this wine offers a substantial cradling of oak, pushing the envelope on tart, savory aspects of flavor, from pine to cranberry, orange and rhubarb. With a gravelly texture, it has weight and depth.
Made of 48% Sangiovese, 35% Montepulciano, 10% Merlot and 7% Cabernet Sauvignon, this has black-skinned fruit and baking spice aromas. The firm palate delivers black cherry, black currant and tobacco notes in a frame of fine-grained tannins. Drink through 2020.
A slightly more subdued Sicilian Syrah with notes of toasted espresso bean, berry fruit and some white peppercorn. Nothing is overwhelming about the wine and that's what makes it nice. Imported by Prestige Wine Imports Corp.
Subtle aromas recall crushed rose petal and wild strawberry. The palate offers dried red cherry, grilled rosemary and a hint of green tea, but drink soon before the fruit dries out.
Warm caramel-laden notes of French toast and baking bread mix with black-cherry paste and shaved vanilla on the nose of this bottling. It's rich and full on the palate, with loads of black currant and plum fruit, a touch of teriyaki and a delicious chocolate-chip-cookie quality. The medium tannins are approachable, making this easy to drink right now.
Whiffs of savory spice and terra-cotta pots lend rusticity to this unusually earthy Chardonnay. Partial fermentation on grape skins gives the palate grip, accentuating softer tones of bruised apple and pear. Brisk acidity lengthens the finish.
Earthy, gritty aromas of green lettuce, clove and barrel resin set up a mostly solid and citrusy palate. Oaky base-wine flavors of clove and wood spice rest heavily atop orange notes. The wine tastes peppery, woody and dry on the finish.
A new offering from Ardenvoir, this Chardonnay is as Burgundian as any in Washington. Fine, tart and racy fruit is married to top-notch French oak. The meld of vivid apple and citrus flavors to mineral-soaked acidity and a frame of toasted coconut is marvelously seductive. Ageworthy but already delicious.
This single-vineyard offering opens with aromas of blue flower, tilled soil, ripe berry, balsamic notes and a hint of leather. The palate is still young and needs time to develop fully but already delivers layers of dark cherry, licorice, grilled herb and black pepper alongside brooding tannins. Drink 2016–2026.
Woody, smoky notes belie the intensely fruity palate of this medium-sweet Rieslaner. A cross of Riesling and Sylvaner, it carries out the traits of its parents faithfully—aromatic and peachy, yet intensely herbaceous and grassy too. It finishes long, with a streak of sunny, lemon acidity.
Widely accessible and hedonistic aromas of cherry pie with a tinge of wild mint lead the nose on this young but ready county blend. The palate is framed with oak influence and the associated tannins, as well as plum and ripe cherry fruit. It's unusual that this 2013 is on the market after 10 months in barrel.
One of the entry-level wines from Bründlmayer, this is all about the fruit. It is fresh and perfumed, with just a touch of pepper that adds zestiness. It's a pleasure to drink now, and the creamed pear and citrus flavors are already in harmony.
An estate-grown Pinot Noir from the wilds of Freestone, this wine delivers in high acidity and perfumed aromatics that are highlighted by violet and sandalwood. The taste leans towards tart cherry and strawberry. Medium in weight, it's a structured wine, with just the right amount of heft and oak on the finish.
A cherry-pink-colored wine, soft and full-bodied. Flavors are of wild strawberries, red cherry with a touch of pepper. The wine feels fat, missing acidity.
A pleasure to taste a Cabernet this rich in fruit, yet one that finishes so dry. It's delicious in blackberries, currants and mocha, wrapped into sweetly smooth tannins. It's a little high in alcohol and soft in acidity. Drink now.
This bottling is a testament to how fascinating Pinot Noir can grow after just a few years in the cellar. It shows kirsch, juniper, gingerbread and chai spice on the elegant, layered nose. The palate offers a compelling curry-like spice alongside crushed kalamata olive, eucalyptus, bay leaf and cedar flavors.
Very New World in its ripe, tropical fruit flavors, rounded toasty element, and impressive concentration. Yet the elegance also remains, finishing with spice and light acidity, adding shape to this rich wine.
On a par with Beaulieu's reserve Pinots of the last several years, maybe a touch riper. Dry, round and supple, this well-oaked wine has cherry and cola flavors with hints of sautéed mushrooms and a dash of balsamic. Should hold for five years.
This has striking aromas of passion fruit, apricot and pear drop, with a note of warm, spiced green apple adding dimension. While sweet in nature, this has electrifying acidity that keeps the palate clean, energetic and far from clingy. The acidity remains racy on the finish, highlighting the pretty honeysuckle character.
This blend of 70% Cabernet, 25% Merlot and 5% Petit Verdot is substantial, with more concentration and mass than the other RiverAerie reds. There's a stiff spine and well-built tannins to support tart red fruit.
Dusty mineral and white blossoms perfume this off-dry Scheurebe. It's ethereally light in body, but white grapefruit flavor penetrates the palate. Finishes crisp and dry.
This is zesty and bright, bearing puckery pomegranate and red berry flavors, with an element of briny, umami-laden goodness that brings truffles and smoked nuts to mind. Soft tannins lead to a sour-cherry-flavored finish that's flecked with notes of herbs and dried leaves.
A blend of Aragonez, Syrah and Touriga Nacional, this is a crisp wine, full of raspberry fruits and a soft texture. It is attractive with its balance of acidity and fruit, and is very ready to drink.
Juicily ripe yellow Mirabelle plums have an edge of white pepper and smoky highlights that add deeper dimension. Gorgeously peppery arugula and watercress join on the palate, yet there is something incredibly fruity and round about this. While there is green savoriness, the wine itself is ripe, juicy and yellow-fruited.
Guigal's entry-level Côte-Rôtie seems rather tannic at this moment, but does have ample spice, cassis and prune flavors. Lacks a bit of richness and flesh; give it a few years' time to come back around. Drink 2009–2015.
This is an abundantly ripe wine, big in oak and tannin, with a streak of earthy compost. A tinge of spearmint brightens the palate, while persistent acidity graces the close.
This is a light, crisp Sauvignon with pretty mineral tones that are framed by exotic fruit and lime. The wine is lean in consistency but has just the right level of acidity to keep the palate fresh.
Full and round, this Ribolla Gialla delivers stone fruit, melon and vanilla. It has pungent aromas of almond and a lean, compact texture, with power on the finish.
A complex, sophisticated Zinfandel, although it's very young, and all the parts haven't come together. Shows luscious waves of ripe forest blackberries, raspberries, red plums and nectarines, with notes of dry chocolate, sweet tobacco, balsam and cedar, finished with massive peppery spices. Notable for the purity and elegance of its tannin-acid structure, this beautiful Zinfandel should age well through 2014.
Hard and tannic with scents of old leather. Very slowly the black cherry fruit emerges, along with moist earth, coconut and vanilla. Barrel flavors overpower the lightweight fruit, which is simply plowed under with oak. The hot, bitter tannins add a jarring note to the finish.
Red-berry, forest floor, crushed herb and tobacco aromas follow over to the fresh medium-bodied palate along with notes of menthol and star anise. Smooth tannins provide polished support. Drink through 2028.
A solid Napa Cabernet, dry and tannic, with classic blackberry, black currant, mocha and mineral flavors. Continues the winery's recent tradition of offering excellent Cabernet at a fair price.
Desvignes is blessed with part of Javernières, at the heart of the Côte du Py, a schist and clay site exposed well to south and west. This wine is solid, tannic and structured, finely balanced. The acidity is important here, suggesting ageworthiness, while the fruits are still enjoying their ripe, black berry primary stage of development.
A bit less than perfectly ripe, this Pinot has a beet and tobacco edge to the cherries, raspberries and smoky oak. It's a dry, medium-bodied wine with Pinot's distinctive silky texture.
This is Cabernet Sauvignon lifted to greatness, an impeccable statement concerning this region of the high Mayacamas Mountains on the Sonoma side that, by law, is forced to bear a “valley” appellation. The wine is awesome, vast and complex, fascinating in every aspect, yet locked down in tough tannins that exaggerate the acidity, making the wine functionally undrinkable. It is a beautiful, classic Cabernet, very near perfect, and certainly one of the successes of the vintage. Don't even think of drinking it before 2014, and it should evolve in the bottle for a good 10 years after that.
Well stitched together with a broad, wide assembly of dark fruit, spice and cola-like aromas. All the wine's elements sing loud as a single chorus; bold, plush, chewy. Ends with ripe fruit, rum cake, pipe tobacco and dark espresso bean. Firm, great length.
Baked and broad on the nose, with toasty aromas, marshmallow sweetness and floral hints. The palate is tight, healthy and tastes of savory, meaty fruit including black cherry and wild raspberry. Leather and herbal notes work the finish, and overall this is nice but more basic than complex.
This is a rich, ripe style of Coonawarra Shiraz, amply framed by toasty, cedary oak. The tannins are supple to the point of creaminess, the slightly stewed fruits graced with just a hint of mint. Best from 2010–2015, maybe a few years more.
The Conner Lee Vineyard supplies the fruit—it's the source of some of Washington's finest Chardonnays. Barrel fermented, it's super concentrated and displays a dense mix of fruit and barrel flavors, apples and peaches, toasted almonds and buttered toast. Good length and that extra yum factor make this a top pick.
Aromas of leafy underbrush, mature berry, chopped herb and mocha lead the nose. The firm, full-bodied palate offers black cherry, licorice, menthol and clove alongside polished, fine-grained tannins. Drink 2017–2029.
From a trio of vineyards in the appellation, including the producer's estate, this wine has an herbal, feral quality around layers of red berry and dark currant. With big shoulders and a velvety texture, it goes down easily and finishes light.
What a fabulous value wine. If you love Sicily and you love Syrah, this beauty delivers the best of both. The low price tag is unbelievable. Aromas include blackberry, bacon fat, cigar tobacco and spice. The wine is soft, smooth and velvety on the finish.
There's plenty to enjoy here—smooth, supple, forward black fruits, aged in 100% new oak. Fragrant, approachable, and medium-bodied, it fades into a finish with hints of chalk and herb.
The nose on the winery's annual Pomerol-focused blend of mostly Cabernet Franc and Merlot remains tightly wound, with purple fruit and tobacco just barely poking out. It's richly textured on the palate but the dark fruit flavors remain elegantly restrained throughout the sipping experience.
An interesting, complex Chard that straddles the line between steely austerity and fruity complexity and pulls it off well. Has citrus and apple flavors with nuances of more flamboyant peach and pear, and a great burst of fresh acidity. The oak is barely noticeable. Finishes dry and elegant.
A blend that is 50-50 Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon has produced a ripe, juicy and fruity wine, typical of the vintage. There is a crisp edge as well as firmer tannins and signs of the wood aging that will integrate as the wine matures. Drink this attractive wine from 2019.
One of the most ambitious wine projects on the planet, this bottling from Catalina Island shows rich complexity on the nose, with aromas of red cherries, smoked pork, tight graphite, a hint of maple and then violets, lilacs and other purple flowers. The flavors are soft with red and purple fruit, but solidly seasoned with anise, black pepper and spicy herbs, with all elements extremely well integrated.
From two vineyard sites, Martaella and Martinelli Frei Road, this lovely wine is built from the ground up, with elements of rich vanilla, toasted oak and baked pear. Big in style on the nose, it finishes crisp and focused, a mixture of complexity and lightness of being.
Made using grapes sourced from old vines, this is a densely concentrated, solid and full. It feels spacious and generous, with black fruit and dark chocolate upfront, backed by dark, brooding tannins. Acidity on the finish gives a breath of freshness. Age for another 3–4 years.
Lavish aromas of ripe peach, canteloupe and honeysuckle extend onto the palate of this juicy, fruit-forward Riesling. Semi-sweet in style, it's one lipsmacking nectar, with bracing lime acidity on the finish.
Shows some pleasant dark toasty aromas to go with its pretty blackberry flavors, but this lacks texture and weight in the mouth. Crisp on the finish.
From vineyards north of the Douro River on the plateau, this wine shows both richness and a fine cool, elegant style. The wood aging has given the wine depth and extra richness, adding to the berry fruits with spice and hints of toast. It's a wine to drink soon, full of fruit and balanced tannins. Drink from 2017.
Leather and earth aromas also bring olive, black pepper, licorice and moss. The palate shows medium depth, while the flavors of plum and berry are herbal and regular. Short but good on the finish, with a grapey, chunky aftertaste.
This wine is 100% Gaglioppo, which is the primary red grape of Calabria. The color is light to medium ruby with some brown at the edge. The structure is good, and the flavors are dry fruit and earth. Although this is a '99, the wine just seems old before its time.
A lot of vanilla and cotton candy on the nose, and that's backed by sweet melon and strawberry flavors. Sweetness is a recurring theme, and although it's lively and has good mouthfeel, it's not as dry as we'd like. Best if you prefer a sweet-dosage style. Imported by Palm Bay Imports.
Scratchy, horsey berry aromas set up a fresh, regular palate. Plum, berry and peppery flavors are basic, while the finish dries out fast while showing a wood character along with juicy acidity.
Shows the nobility of structure of Cabs costing far more, with fine blackberry and black currant fruit and soft, dry tannins. A bit quick on the finish, but this is a good price for a wine of this class.
Tropical fruit aromas come with notes of bath soap and white-flower blossom. This is easygoing and healthy on the palate, with just enough snappy acidity. Flavors of lime and green banana run long on the finish, which shows a touch of the variety's patented oily bitterness. Drink immediately.
From vineyards in the upper Douro Superior, this single estate Vintage Port is dense and richly sweet. It has the right tannic structure, perfumed black fruits as well as a dense, concentrated character. It is just setting out on its aging, and will be best from 2025.
Though labeled Syrah, this includes 25% Cabernet Sauvignon in the blend. The addition somewhat mutes the Syrah character, though it may bump up the concentration of cassis fruit flavor. Espresso-laden tannins put a frame around the finish.
With a little oak giving the wine a toasty, buttery mouthfeel, this Chard is brisk in acidity. It has ripe, flashy tropical fruit, tangerine, apricot and pear flavors.
From 100% estate-grown Calistoga fruit, this tiny-production wine is well-composed in compost, grilled mushroom and meaty undertones, the sturdy structure and ripe body robust and integrated. Cinnamon and clove dot the lengthy finish. This wine will benefit from more time in bottle; drink best 2019–2024.
Mainly (85%) Sauvignon Blanc, bolstered by Sémillon, this is rather broad and mouthfilling for a Bordeaux blanc. Ripe flavors of melon, fig and peach turn grassy and crisp on the finish. Drink now.
A complex bouquet with prune, earth, and some prominent gamy notes may put some tasters off, but the dark fruit and toast, and the generally restrained style make this commendable. A velvety mouthfeel and dense flavors on the finish close out this elegant example. Best after three years and good to 2008 and beyond.
This tastes sweet and gooey, like a blackberry and licorice gummy candy, with heat from the high alcohol. Lots of people like this style, but it's not for everyone.
A traditional blend of Chardonnay (72%) and Pinot Nero, this luminous sparkling wine offers yeasty tones of fresh bread, mature apricot and caramel. It has good density and length and is perfect for the festive holiday season.
Soft and oaky, this Cab has a slightly rustic mouthfeel. It's very ripe in cherries, blackberries and smoky vanilla. Drink now.
Probably the best wine from this producer that we've rated. It's meaty and rich, with mocha, crusty oak, aged cheese and kirsch aromas. The palate is juicy and balanced, with licorice, blackberry, blueberry and other dark, ripe flavors. Finishes lengthy and toasty, with some refinement. 1,500 cases made.
This wine offers an austere entry of crunchy red fruit akin to cranberry and pomegranate. Accents of clove and leather ride along toward a lengthy finish of broad expansion and balanced strength.
Quite light and a bit diffuse, this southern Rhone-style red has a pretty rose petal accent, along with berry and balsamic flavors.
Made from Cabernet Franc, this light sunset-pink-colored wine has a rounded character. A touch of caramel fills out the palate and cuts down on the acidity. Red fruits and an orange tang leave a fresh taste. Drink now.
A rare Cabernet Franc from Merry-vale, and a spectacular one. They've handled this finicky variety just right, although surely the addition of some Cabernet Sauvignon and Malbec adds weight and tone. The wine is dry, richly tannic and enormously flavorful, offering waves of cherries, red currants, red licorice, cola, sweet cedar wood and even savory hints of bacon. A tremendous Cabernet Franc that will stand as a definitive version in California.
This blend comes from seven vineyards: John Sebastiano, Shadow Canyon, Thompson, Harrison Clarke, Watch Hill and Stolpman. Melded with 10% Grenache and 1% Viognier, it shows warm gingerbread and blackberry aromas, cut by pencil lead and anise. The flavors expertly balance ripeness with tannins and acidity, offering dynamic ollallieberry, pepper-crusted roast pork, wild herbs and a touch of vanilla on the finish.
You'll love the density and richness of this dark, velvety Ripasso. Bright aromas include mature berry, moist earth, tobacco and ground white pepper. It's a smooth, enduring drink with soft tannins and texture.
Extremely dark in the glass, lavish aromas of black currant, black pepper, lilac, violet and blooming chaparral show on this bottling from a remote vineyard north of the Santa Maria Valley. It's a smooth sip at first, with ripe elderberry and black fruit, but the tannins stiffen quickly to reveal a masculine wine, with peppery spice, rounded vanilla and a strong acidic slice cutting through the density.
A whiff of clover jumps from the glass, then this dark, juicy wine rips into a dense cassis flavor. Ripe and sappy, it has just the right touch of new oak layered onto the finish.
A bit jumbled and grassy on the nose, with tobacco and red-fruit aromas filling things in. The palate is correct and solid, with medium tannins, good balance and standard flavors of cassis, raspberry, tobacco and herbs. Some heat to the finish says it needs food. Includes 8% Cabernet Franc and 7% Shiraz.
This wine from Klipsun and Alder Ridge vineyards—aged in 100% new French oak—offers notes of coffee, herbs, jammy fruit and green wood. Flavors are full, plummy and sugary-sweet backed by firm tannins and sharp-edged acids.
Soft, superripe, extracted and oaky, this Cabernet is like a melted dessert pastry. Floods the palate with sweet blackberry jam, cherry pie filling, caramel and vanilla flavors that dissolve on the finish into smoky-buttery opulence.
Aromatically compelling with floral, stone fruit and mineral highlights, this offers palate-cleansing freshness. The mineral-drenched flavors blend melon, peach and lemon rind, with a finishing burst of lime. It was fermented and aged entirely in stainless steel.
Powerful and assertive but poised, this exemplary Shiraz from Abraham Perold is a study in balance. Beautiful and subtle berry, pepper and spice mingle, set aloft by a restrained wave of minerality. The wine is structured but delicate, unfolding quietly on the palate. A lovely meeting of Old and New World styles.
Not a demanding wine at all as it opens with simple plum and berry aromas accented by an herbal hint. The palate is lean and snappy, but healthy, with fresh raspberry and strawberry flavors. Finishes with a touch of oak and pepper, but not much more than that.
Already mature, this is a light, mushroom and spice flavored wine. The fruit is now a part of the secondary flavors, a nutmeg sweetness giving some interest. To be drunk now.
This soft, ripe wine is still developing its rich white fruitiness. For now, it's poised between acidity and a mineral structure. The creamier aspect of this wine is still to come, so keep until 2016.
You absolutely can't go wrong with a wine like this plump, textured expression of Rosso di Montalcino. Pair this wine with pork chops or breaded veal as the fresh acidity nicely contrasts against those sweet cuts of meat.
This offers red currant, black cherry and chocolate flavors, with a hint of green pepper. It's round and accessible, with soft tannins.
This is a spicy, softly lush offering of Cabernet sourced from a tiny part of the Larkmead Vineyard in northern Napa Valley. Black and red currant play off one another well, before revealing subtle layers of dried herb and tobacco leaf, the finish as cushy as the opening and midpalate of the wine.
Juicy, dusty and lean at first, this 100% varietal wine comes from a vineyard on the western side of the appellation. The rich red cherry and cassis notes, compelling from the start, are complemented by a seductive intertwining of sage, dried herbs and toasty oak. Balanced and full bodied, it's a stand-out.
Initially, this smells green, with aromas akin to salad. With time, riper berry notes and oak rise up. In the mouth, this has a choppy feel and edgy freshness, while flavors of stalky, lightly green berry fruits finish with an oaky, minty character.
This is fresh and citrusy, with lemon and grapefruit aromas that lead to lightly herbal flavors. It tastes almost dry, is medium bodied, and has a good balance of crispness and straightforward fruit character.
Lots of rich, ripe raspberry and cherry jam fruit in this dry, briskly acidic Pinot Noir. Oak shows up in the form of buttered cinnamon toast. It's a little irregular in tannins, but delicious for drinking now, after decanting.
Citrus, spring blossom and apple aromas follow over to the straightforward easygoing palate along with peach and a candied note. Lively acidity provides the backdrop.
Mildly overripe cantaloupe aromas set up a palate with a rip of malic acid. Short, slightly bitter and peppery citrus flavors don't add much to a modest finish.
With herbal accents, the bouquet is all about bold berry fruit aromas. The palate is ripe and generous, but a little sharp in terms of feel. But the flavors of raspberry, plum and cherry are good even if the wine seems gritty on the cheeks. Not the most refined kid on the block, but it's undeniably full of power and big-boned fruit.
Bougros is one of the richest, opulent of the Grand Cru Chablis. In this fruit-driven year, the wine is wonderfully spicy, rich and full of fine fruit. Yellow fruits dominate the balancing citrus and wood flavors. It is so forward that it could be drunk now, but this fine wine will be much better from 2019
A pink wine that's quite sweet and straightforward, in the style of the White Zinfandel that became popular in the 1980s. It shows a bit of strawberry aroma, and the flavors are sugary and slightly plummy.
Intriguing aromas of saltwater taffy, churned butter, lemon drop and cotton candy show on the dairy-powered nose of this bottling of the historic vineyard by the Duckhorn-related producer. Lemon cream and white-peach flavors show on the sip, where a strong salty character cuts through.
Rich aromas of butterscotch, candied apples and hot buttered toast are presented in an appealing, judicious way on the nose of this wine. Meyer lemon and lychee give focus to the palate, which also delivers warm pear and almond flavors.
This multicounty blend is pleasantly oaked, with a creamy, caramelized veneer on top of the baked pineapple, apple crisp and cinnamon flavors. It's also tingly in acidity. Easy to find, with 20,000 cases produced.
Smells and tastes like scorched creamed corn laced with honey and marmalade. Sweet but not very harmonious. Imported by Broadbent Selections, Inc.
Light in color and lilting floral aromas of rose, this is an inviting cool-climate Pinot Noir swirling in equal parts strawberry and spice, subtle and sophisticated.
Delicious, with jammy cherry, milk chocolate and licorice flavors, this Mourvèdre is a little too soft and lacking in tannic structure to earn a higher score. It's ready to drink now with a nice grilled steak.
A super-rich wine, almost over the top in its honeyed intensity. It is opulent, generous, packed with ripe yellow fruits, mango and pineapple. The wine is so rich that it is hard to find the acidity, but it is there in the orange marmalade flavor right at the end.
The nose isn't very expressive but eventually shows suggestions of leafy underbrush and sunbaked earth. The solid palate offers raspberry, tart cherry and a hint of ground pepper alongside firm tannins.
Made in the modern cult style, this Cabernet is softly luscious, oaky and enormously rich. It shows ripe, almost sweet flavors of blackberries, raspberries and cassis, and ends with a spicy finish. A big, powerfully luscious wine that could pick up bottle complexities over the next few years.
A very good but not great Cask 23, showing plenty of decadence and flair but not perhaps that extra edge of complexity. It's forward now in sweet new oak and flashy, jammy blackberries, cherries and raspberries. The tannins are quite an achievement, rich, vibrant and supple. Made from 100% Cabernet, it's full-bodied and dense, with a chocolaty finish. Could gain in the bottle beyond 2012 to about 2018.
Everything is here in this great wine. The solid fruit flavors are of black berries and dried raisins, and there is a rich, powerful structure. Above all, it is finely balanced. It shows that a wine can be powerful without being high alcohol.
Not as full bodied as the tall bottle might indicate, this is instead a restrained, not-so-ripe wine that has an appetizing dryness, firm tannins and supportive acidity. It smells and tastes like dried cherries and cranberries, with a slightly astringent mouthfeel that will wash down rich foods well.
Shows richness in the ripe peach, pear and apple flavors, although the wine, from Yountville and Oak Knoll, is a little soft and earthy compared to cool-climate Chards. Dry and clean.
The 2011 vintage created wines with underripeness and low alcohol, and this Riesling attempts to cut the sourness with its 2.4% residual sugar. It comes across as a mix of lemon juice, orange juice, and simple sweetness.
Costa Russi (a vineyard purchased by Gaja in 1967) produces a feminine wine with an emphasis on elegance and harmony, rather than power and succulence. Bright red fruit, smoke, cedar, cola and polished mineral notes create a beautiful embroidery of aromas and the wine's firm but composed tannins bring the mouth alive. Keep it in your cellar 10 years or more.
A simple Merlot that's priced fairly and is a little tannic at first, the fruit acting shy, but that opens into a fine Merlot that would go well with rich red meat. .
Balanced and fruity, this is a lightly structured wine. It has spice and ripe red-berry fruits in a warm strawberry character. Drink now.
Yet another Don Max that pours on the olive and leather aromas alongside rustic plum and berry counterpoints. As in the past, the '03 shows a smidgen of bell pepper at the very center, and off that you get tight blueberry, black cherry and pepper notes. Expensive for what you're getting. Imported by Vintus LLC.
Ultrarich and spicy, with exotic flavors of bacon, cherry pie, cola and sandalwood. Notable for its structure, so dry and sturdy in tannins, yet so silky. A big, full-bodied wine, it should develop bottle complexity over the next four years.
Deep color, firm tannins and a fine-grained texture set this wine apart. It smells fresh and sophisticated, with bright cranberry and rich black-cherry notes shaded by cinnamon and nutmeg. This should stand up to the richest rack of lamb and age well, too. It's tempting to drink now, but should improve through at least 2018.
Shows the gentle, silky mouthfeel you want in a nice Pinot, and also the variety's array of cherries, cola, tea, cocoa and spice flavors. Feels soft and rustic in the mouth, though.
A ripe and fruity wine, showing touches of wood as well as a more rustic character. It is packed with acidity and black currant flavors, at the core firmly tannic.
This single-vineyard selection from the Jackson Family's Santa Maria Valley winery kicks off with scents ranging from red, blistered tomato to pomegranate reduction and mole sauce. On the palate, flavors vary from sweeter berry to tart cherry, with a savory, roasted pork element rounding out the wine.
Meant to impart the meaning of the “true” Sonoma Coast, this bottling hails from Campbell Ranch near Annapolis. It impresses with its lush complexity: cherry grenadine and forest floor scents, with cardamom spice and a hint of orange peel. It's full-bodied and densely powerful.
Aromas of wet leaves, toast, prune and espresso lead the nose. The evolved palate offers fig, coffee bean, a hint of anise and a confectionary note alongside fleeting tannins. It's a bit muddled, with a short finish.
This is from a vineyard high in the Mayacamas on the Sonoma side of Diamond Mountain. The wine was made by Marco DiGiulio, a well-known consulting winemaker in Napa Valley. It's a big, thick 100% mountain Cabernet, intense in cassis, dark chocolate and new oak, and an interesting hit of Provençal herbs. It's also high in alcohol and low in acidity, which may inhibit ageability.
This wine is all about fresh fruit and refreshing acidity. Crisp citrus, green apples and a touch of apricot give a fruitiness contained with a steel and mineral texture. It is full of acidity while keeping a riper, fruity character. Drink from late 2015.
This is the winery's Meritage red, although with 75% Cabernet Sauvignon they could have bottled it as that variety. It's nearly always Sebastiani's best Bordeaux-style wine, but the '05 is something of a letdown from past vintages. It's elegantly structured and nicely flavored, with subtle currant, cherry, olive and smoke flavors, but has a bitter taste throughout.
This elegant red opens with alluring aromas of violet, tilled earth and red berry. The savory juicy palate doles out black cherry, raspberry, white pepper and cinnamon framed in firm, polished tannins and fresh acidity. Drink 2017–2026.
While this wine's moniker literally translates as “scantily dressed,” it is derived from the name of the vineyard. The wine is light and crisply fruity, with red-currant fruit and plenty of acidity. It is ready to drink.
This is a big, ripe, rich and oaky Chardonnay, the kind that will seduce lots of people with sheer dazzle, although only 135 cases were produced so it's likely to be hard to find. Dry and crisp, it's concentrated in pineapple tart and peach marmalade flavors, accented with plenty of sweet, smoky oak, and brightened with crisp Monterey acidity.
From the excellent 2007 vintage, Monte Antico (a blend of 85% Sangiovese with Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot) offers easy spice aromas of clove and cinnamon followed by a fresh dose of cherry fruit.
After a huge blast of mocha opens the show, there isn't a lot hiding behind the curtain. The palate is big, sticky and rubbery in feel, while flavors of baked berry, chocolate, oak and coffee finish chewy but also briny and herbal.
This bottling from the 55-year-old winery is one of the most reliable and well-priced Chardonnays in California. Plump nectarine and cherimoya aromas meet honeysuckle on the nose. It's tightly wound on the palate, with a sizzle of acidity that opens into peach and pineapple flavors.
Tough in tannins and soft in acids, this Malbec has a syrupy texture. The flavors of blackberries and currants have a raisiny, Porty edge.
A thin but crisp finish characterizes this luminous Prosecco, which also offers measured aromas of stone fruit, honey and jasmine. Pair this wine with simple finger foods on a hot summer afternoon.
Il Drappo is a ripe, smokey and chewy expression of Nero d'Avola with plump fruit notes backed by blackberry and cherry nuances. The mouthfeel is rich, velvety and very soft. Pair this wine with spicy pork with barbecue sauce.
A classic structured Dão wine that is very firm still and packed with tannins. Its mineral texture, wood aging and stony feel are balanced by dense berry fruits and juicy acidity. It still needs time, so either decant or wait until 2016.
Buoyant primary aromas of sunny peach and tangerine are juxtaposed against deep reverberating slate and flint in this gorgeously balanced Kabinett. It's lusciously textured but spine-tingling with acidity. The finish is long, lingering on warm spice tones. Drink now through 2020.
This medium-sized, food-friendly Cab isn't fancy, but it has a nice rustic, earthy quality to its red berry fruit. Claylike smoothness on the palate ends with some light tea tannins. Imported by Bluewater Wine Co.
A touch of mulch and smoked meat make for a confounding, less than pure bouquet. And in the mouth, there's rubbery black cherry followed by an almost salty finish. Doesn't seem complete; something is missing, namely polish and purity of fruit.
Earthy notes of wild mushrooms, soy sauce and citrus peel make for an unusual nose on this blend of indigenous and rare Austrian varieties Rotgipfler and Zierfandler. Friendly, ripe and rounded yellow and red apples play on the palate of this unusual but very versatile wine.
There's a slightly oxidized sense to this blend of 40% Grenache Blanc, 30% Viognier and 30% Roussanne, with aromas of dried peach, apricot, sourdough bread and lightly toasted marcona almonds. The flavors are very much powered by yellow flowers, with saffron and scorched lemon elements.
This is a dark, glyceriney, full-bodied Syrah that should have been held back a little longer before release, but you can make up for that with cellaring. It's tannic and raw now, but packed with blackberry, currant, licorice and pepper flavors that are totally dry, and firmed up with crisp acids. Best for a few years after 2009.
This compelling wine delivers a tidal wave of chocolate, dark berries, earth and black olive aromas and flavors. It's huge in the mouth yet amazingly supple in texture, leaving no sense of excessive weight or alcohol. Hints of toast, menthol and coffee linger on the surprisingly elegant finish. Drink now-2025.
Vietti's 2006 Moscato has a lovely if slightly muted nose of white peaches and green plum. On the palate, the lack of concentration shows; it is pleasant and quite complex, but the flavors are a little wispy.
Despite the name and packaging, this is a muscular, herbal, rough-hewn Merlot. The fruit touches on rhubarb and cranberry, with a lot of leaf and herb flavors filling in the rest.
Firm and tannic, this estate-grown Cabernet matches its dark fruit with a wash of vanilla and fresh tobacco. Though not as accessible as its companion reds, it has every prospect of improving over the next few years, and would be a fine match to a grilled burger.
This reddish-pink quaffer smells like cherry gumballs. Soft and flush, with mild rose hip and berry flavors, this finishes dry and hollow. Drink immediately.
Inky, oaky, saturated and a bit harsh up front, this is rock hard and tannic as nails, with rugged acidity added in. Flavors of black plum, rubber and resiny oak end with grapy berry notes, oversize acidity and tannic bite.
An almost forgotten variety from Greece, Kidonitsa is represented well in this stylish white. A nose of lemon, creamy oak and spicy anise leads, and on the tongue, a mouthcoating, round fruit profile is balanced with citric freshness. Deeper in flavor than many of the popular Greek whites, the wine would hold up well against richer dishes.
On the dry side, this deliciously crisp Vinho Verde has all the right citrus acidity. It's bursting with lively fruits, just petillant in the mouth, with a crisp apple finish. Screwcap.
This wine lacks freshness, although it does have some attractive red berry flavors. Firm tannins and wood aging notes give the wine a drying aftertaste.
A little lean and fiery from nose to tail, but amid all the heavyweights coming from Chile that might be a good thing. The palate is tight, acidic and fresh, with an Old World mouthfeel and flavors of dried berry, earth, tobacco and spice. Snappy and crisp on the finish, with a final wave of propelling acidity. Drink now through 2014.
Has a slight cheddar note from lees, riding over apple and lemon aromas. It drinks fruity and citrusy, and quite acidic, with a long, lemonade-flavored aftertaste. A clean, delightful wine.
This wine is ripe, textured with an attractive touch of oxidation giving richness and concentration. Good acidity at the same time is balanced with quince and a touch of spice.
There is a ripe, jammy strawberry feel to this generous, warm-hearted wine. The structure is elegant, showcasing its fruits as much as its tannins, yet leaving the impression of a Pinot Noir that has hidden power. Age this for 3–4 years.
Vintner Adriano Gigante delivers a thick, resiny Ribolla Gialla with aromas of candied fruit, caramel and apricot. Try this pretty wine with ravioli stuffed with yellow squash.
This sophisticated and compelling wine combines full body and a muscular texture with very tasty, solid fruit flavors. The balance between acidity, tannin and flavor is good, and the finish is tangy and lingering.
This 100% of Merlot from Tuscany opens with aromas of prune and raisin that recall uve passite or dried grapes. The palate offers concentrated fig, raisin and mocha and you'll also detect the warmth of evident alcohol. The overall lack of freshness makes this appear clunky and evolved.
Quite light in aroma at first, this is a delicate, lithe and lovely bottling, showing lemon and yellow pear tones on the nose. That sensibility carries to the palate, where touches of yellow apple, sea salt, faint banana and a shred of bubblegum converge for a complete yet restrained white wine experience.
Aromas of black-skinned fruit, espresso, dried herbs and toasted oak lead the nose. The one-dimensional palate offers dried black cherry, coffee and ground pepper while firm, fine-grained tannins give it a polished feel.
This is a nicely balanced Montefalco Rosso comprised of organically farmed Sangiovese, Sagrantino and Merlot. It would pair well with grilled sausage and onions or oven-roasted pasta—hearty dishes that would match the dark fruit, spice and tobacco-like flavors.
Thick and rich with tobacco and dark chocolate notes, this vineyard-designated wine shows a generous helping of brambly black fruit, its midpalate baring the teeth of sharp tannin and smoky oak. It finishes soft and contained.
This is nicely floral on the nose, with black cherry fruit accented by hints of thyme and bay leaf, while the flavors are a harmonious mélange of herb, spice and ripe fruit. It's full bodied and slightly chewy at first, turning more velvety on the finish. Drink now–2017.
Rubbery underripe aromas are neither fresh nor attractive. This shows high acidity and sketchy balance, while tart green-leaning red-berry and citrus flavors are bitter and pithy.
From 30-year-old vines, this lively and thoroughly delightful wine pushes a swath of honey down the core. It's smooth and supple, with bright candied-citrus flavors. You'll find a lick of butterscotch also, as the wine has terrific penetration and length. It's perfect for solo sipping, slightly chilled.
Aromas recall a closed cellar, leafy underbrush and raisin. The lean palate offers stewed prune, nutmeg, cedar and black pepper alongside firm tannins.
This cool-vintage wine has snappy red-plum and raspberry aromas. Fresh and pure, the palate bears red berry flavors, with plum and apple skin notes. The finish is marked with a mellow spice note.
This oddball blend of 55% Sauvignon Blanc and 20% Chardonnay (both fermented in oak) and 25% Riesling (fermented in steel) actually works reasonably well. The nose is a blend of lime and peach, and despite the oak treatment, this medium-bodied wine is fruit driven, lithe and long.
A steely, crisp and mineral Riesling from the Froehn vineyard in Zellenberg. Great potential awaits in its tight aromatic fruits and zesty acidity. It offers structure, flavors of citrus and white currants from the organic grapes and a texture that demands aging. Drink from 2017.
The bottle states upfront that the wine is barrel fermented and aged though it's easy to figure out by the aromas of vanilla, sawdust and singed popcorn that define the nose. Some pineapple and malted milk tones peek through on the palate but the fruit is thoroughly trumped by the oak on the finish. Drink up.
This Reserve Series bubbly accents its crisp green apple fruit with toasty aromas. Done via Méthode Champenoise, it spent five years en tirage. There's a fine bead and lingering persistent flavors with hints of nutmeg and lemon curd. All in all, this is a very fine effort.
This is a fabulous wine with robust and rich extraction and enduring aromas of dark spice, ash, coffee, blackberry and mesquite barbecue. The texture the wine imparts in the mouth is dense and opulent and it is lasting and persistent on the finish. This Ripasso is a small step from being an Amarone. —M.L.
There is a strong mineral element on the nose of this wine from the biodynamic-minded producer, along with lime juice, lime blossoms and a nearly spearmint herbal sense. Zesty acidity frames the palate, along with white rocks, lime and lemon juice and green pears on the finish, altogether clean and fresh.
This dark-fruited Pinot Noir is sturdily constructed yet never seems hard or tough, thanks to the silkiness of its plentiful tannins. Black cherry fruit picks up shadings of mocha on the dusty finish. Drink 2015–2020.
Dry, with dusty tannins and ripe fruit, this is a wine with considerable potential. The berry fruits have a balanced, juicy element, fine acidity and a strong texture. The wine is rich and full, while remaining fresh. Drink from 2015.
Aromas of ripe berry, exotic spice, menthol and underbrush slowly take shape in the glass. It's full-bodied, offering raspberry jam, crushed herb and star anise set against fine-grained tannins. Drink 2019–2026.
90-92 Barrel sample. Firmly balanced, the fruit coming through a dense structure. The acidity fits well with this texture, a brightness that finishes an attractive wine.
Aromas of mealy fruit are offset by scents of air freshener and barrel-derived cinnamon. This feels regular and round, with simple apple and wood-spice flavors. The finish tastes wheaty, with a plump feel.
Pretty good for the price. Dry and fruity, with polished cherry and cassis flavors. Turns a little harsh and minty, but easy to like with pizza, burgers, enchiladas.
Firm and tannic, this carries a penetrating, distinct and sharply defined cranberry and red currant core. Beyond that it heads straight for a tannic, chalky finish.
Sharp and tart, with wintergreen mint flavors beside some cherries and oak. Okay to toss back with bistro-style fare.
What a fine Syrah this is. It's the color of midnight on a moonless night, with just a hint of ruby purple at the rim. The aromatics are closed, but provide tantalizing hints of cedar, jam and pepper. It's in the mouth that this young wine shows its stuff, erupting with sweet chocolate, intensely ripe blackberries and savory smoked meat. The tannins close in on the finish, suggesting that the wine needs time. Don't even think of popping the cork before 2016.
Dramatic all around. Deeply aromatic, offering waves of grilled blackberries, currants, violets, sweet buttered cinnamon toast and sandalwood. The tannin structure is superb. Feels classically dense and full-bodied in the mouth, very dry, yet opulent and complex. Grows more concentrated as it airs in the glass. A tremendous wine that needs time. 2012–2020.
Light, stalky wine with attractive classic black currant flavors and acidity. Light in character.
From a little-known producer outside the Classico zone, here is a pretty wine with notes of cherry, chocolate, spice and subtle shadings of vanilla. In the mouth, it delivers soft tannins and good persistency of spice and fruit flavors.
Vines situated close to the fortified citadel of Blaye have produced this bright and shiny 2014. With its clear red-berry fruits, black currants and acidity, it is immediately attractive. The tannins, a great support to the fruit, promise some aging. Drink now, or, better yet, wait until 2018.
This is a dusty, earthy Cabernet Sauvignon from Paso Robles-based producer Brochelle. With a firm, tannic backbone, the wine has flavors of tobacco and chocolate and a ripe finish.
88-90 Barrel sample. With its mineral edge and acidity, this is a very structured wine. This balances the dark tannins, smoky wood edge and the juicy blackberry.
The finely tuned sweetness of this Auslese brings out the muskier notes of apple: a mix of fresh and baked fruit, with peeled skin and compote flesh. Initially, there still is the spectre of yeast but with some time there are hints of burnt sugar and apricot compote, too. A lovely, engulfing apple tartness makes this as suited to baked fruit desserts and fruit tarts as to creamy, ripe cheeses. Full marks for poise and freshness. This is a baby still and will need time to come into its own and unfold even more layers. Drink from 2018.
A fruity wine with soft tannins that reflects the crispness of the vintage. The wine, full of blackberry fruit and balanced acidity comes from an estate in the heart of the Entre-deux-Mers region of Bordeaux. Drink now.
Off-dry and fruity, this is a bright, lively rosé. It has a soft texture, aromatic from the Grolleau in the blend and with light acidity at the end. Drink now.
Although it's a little slender and simple, it's good for the price and offers pleasant cherry and spice flavors that finish dry.
A savory note of yeast swings along the green pear and grapefruit peel notes on this totally brisk and refreshing Grüner. Yes, the customary texture and spice are there but this is, as a sign of its vintage, totally streamlined and refreshing, with taut acidity reverberating in every corner. For those who like superfresh wines.
This is a very dry, firm wine that's solidly tannic but never harsh. The wine combines weight and ripe black fruit in a powerful expression of dense vintage Port from this estate in the Upper Douro. Acidity shines through the density on the finish. Age for many decades.
Cool and ripe earthy berry aromas are nicely oaked and highly presentable. This feels a bit grabby and tannic, while savory salty roasted blackberry and oak flavors combine into a complex whole that finishes with minty oak and cola notes. Best from 2019 through 2023.
An extra level of moss, tar and licorice is evident here. Thick and tight, it's great Cabernet, packed and dense, complete in all respects, loaded with rich black fruits set against balancing acids and nicely applied new oak. A star.
Shows a lot of tart vegetal flavors, including tomato and bell pepper. Why drink this when you coulda had a V-8?
This is a Sauvignon Blanc with more meat and punch than the average white. The nose, crisp, clean and fresh but rounded, leads into a balanced, substantial wine with good acidity and an assertive mouthfeel. Elegant but has character. Could pair with richer dishes.
Brings Foxen's usual steely, dry, minerally approach to Chardonnay, which makes for a more versatile, elegant wine. It's bone dry, while high acidity makes the mouth water, but the austerity is relieved by the ripeness of the citrus, peach and apple fruit. Should develop through 2013, becoming creamier and nuttier.
Straightforward and enjoyable, this delivers sensations of crushed blackberry, clove and espresso. It's bright and easygoing with fresh acidity and soft, supple tannins. Drink through 2015.
A bright dash of lemon is colored with a hint of yeast and flint. The palate, which brims with ripe Amalfi lemon notes, also has that slight flinty stony touch. But it is the lemon that characterizes the compact, precise and dry body. It is the zestiness that brightens and enlivens. Very refreshing, with wonderful balance and tension. Drink now through 2027.
This Amarone shows overripe black fruit, oak and raisin aromas. The palate offers extracted plum and black cherry flavors layered with chocolate, vanilla, oak and black pepper notes. It's closes on a note of bitter almond.
A small addition of Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot don't rein in any of this wine's significant power, highlighted in plummy licorice and inviting aromas of chocolate that mellow on the palate, revealing a thick and rich explosion of ripeness with a concentrated finish.
Dark and saturated in color, this has earthy and meaty aromas like bloody, rare steak and charred bone—that sort of proteinous spirit. The actual fruit flavor is incredibly rich and concentrated in blackberries, black currants and crisp bacon. The impression is of a sweet, delicious Cabernet that's a touch warm in alcohol, but lush and refined.
This barrel-fermented Viura is crystalline on the nose, with tropical fruit aromas, minerally apple notes and a touch of yeast. Balanced and properly acidic, this tastes like nectarine, lemon and persimmon, while the finish is balanced, zesty and a touch oily in texture.
Black and red cherries are the flavors of this wine, which shows the problems of growing Sangiovese in hot California. Not only is the wine enormously high in alcohol—16.5%—but the variety's acidity remains. The result is a hot, tart and rustic wine, but one not without a certain country charm.
Citrus, Alpine herb and green-apple aromas carry through to the vibrant linear palate along with lemon zest, Anjou pear and a yeasty hint of bread crust. It's extremely refreshing, with crisp acidity a dry finish.
Peppery and sweaty upfront, backed up by white grapefruit notes. This is a light- to medium-bodied Sauvignon with a zesty finish of chalk and lime.
While this wine has the crispness of Chablis, it also has weight and concentration. The bright green-apple flavor is underpinned by a sense of minerality. Nervy, tense yet fruity, this can age for 2–3 years.
Il Bugiardo (liar in Italian) is an intense and richly concentrated Ripasso with deep layers of chocolate, mature red fruit, smoke and barbecue sauce. It's a modern, plush rendition with soft, smooth tannins on the close.
From the Boisset-owned Château la Croix Martelle, this Pinot Noir is something of a rarity for Languedoc. It is firm with dense wood tannins which cover the varietal character. The end is a fine, well-made wine which seems to have little varietal character.
This is the first varietally labeled Grenache from Tempus, and it's lovely. Lush, with fresh raspberry scents and flavors, this is a juicy, fruit-driven wine with excellent grip and density.
Pato's pair of old vine wines, a red and this white, are beautifully complex. With its rich melon, tropical fruits, spice and light toastiness, this wine is concentrated with still-young acidity and currant fruit flavors. It's a great wine that needs to develop before drinking. Wait until 2016.
This is a direct but tasty and well-balanced Pinot, with vibrant aromas and flavors of juicy cherry, blueberry and wild strawberry, all graced by hints of purple flowers and sweet spice. The mouthfeel is soft yet structured, with delicate tannins and a slight lushness that lingers on the finish.
This tightly wound wine offers firm purple fruit flavors, along with a touch of sweet berries. There's ample acidity and a slightly chalky finish.
The folks a this relatively new Sicilian winery are responsible for some of the nicest Syrah made on the Mediterranean island. Lusirà means “Syrah” in local dialect and the wine shows the dark, cherry berry, chocolate and black pepper characteristic of the variety, with herbal and spice overtones that recall its territory.
Toasted nut, caramel and sweet cedar aromas are followed by hot, spicy flavors, rounded by sweet cherry and vanilla. Earthy but a touch flirty, this wine has an indigenous appeal.
Slightly herbal aromas veer off in the direction of grassy and rooty. This feels jagged and a bit choppy, with gritty roasted berry flavors. On the finish, that same gritty character persists and is joined by a tarry note.
With its smoky aromas, this early-drinking red is soft, light and full of red berry fruit. That dominant fruit is backed by light tannins and plenty of succulent acidity. Drink this crisp wine now.
Fleshy, sun-ripened black plum and currant flavors are rounded and rich in this elegant, slightly Old World Cabernet Sauvignon. It's squarely concentrated in fruit flavor but veins of crushed mineral and dried herb add gravitas. It's brisk in body with a cool, cutting finish. Drink now through 2021.
Coteaux Varois is a small area in the heart of the Provence vineyards. This wine is fresh, fruity and light in texture. With its strawberry fruits, it has a crisp side and attractive acidity. The wine, with its fresh aftertaste, is ready to drink.
This salmon-colored rosé opens with aromas of chewing gum and something candied but nonspecific. A juicy palate suggests citrus, while the flavor profile is tangy but generic in this simple wine that blends fresh and sweet qualities.
A few years in the bottle have nicely mellowed this wine, giving it a soft, smooth mouthfeel. The flavors are of cherries, red and black, perfectly ripe, seasoned with cassis and smoky new oak. Dry and elegant, this Merlot should hold well for five years.
Tones of almond, hazelnut and natural rubber give this golden wine thicker density and a heavier impression overall. This Greco di Tufo offers honey-colored highlights and has some sour almond skin flavors on the close. A Marc de Grazia selection, various American importers.
The nose on this Cabernet has a sultry character, offering aromas of forest floor, cedar, red berry and mushroom. On the palate, tobacco, leather, cedar and spice give it a masculine edge. Food pairing will take off the smoky edge, as will aging. An intriguing sip.
Stone-fruit aromas of nectarine and ripe peach drizzled with honey are followed by medium-plus sweet fruit flavors. It's a straight-forward easy drinker.
At a full 91% of the blend, this could be labeled as Cabernet Sauvignon, with Cabernet Franc rounding it out. It's shut down aromatically at present with assorted dried herbs poking through. The palate brings highly structured fruit flavors, with vibrant acidity tying it all together. Decant for a day if drinking in the near term; it will be best after 2022.
True to the Pride style, this Chardonnay is massively constructed, with an enormous blast of pineapple, orange and golden mango fruit, elaborated with sweet, smoky, caramelized oak. It's saved from being a mere fruit bomb by crisp acidity and a bracing minerality. Drink now for sheer hedonistic freshness.
Sourced entirely from the Milbrandt vineyards, this shows little in the way of either varietal character or ripeness. There are indications that some of the fruit was raisined, while some was green. A lot of tobacco, vanilla and oak flavors cannot mask the thin finish or herbal tannins.
This Roditis starts with a lovely, aromatic nose of tropical fruit and lemon, followed by a fuller bodied wave of pineapple, citrus and spice. Finish is lingering and fresh. An approachable expression of a fine, ancient grape.
Pineapple and apple aromas are fairly attractive and fresh, as is the light, wet and zippy palate, which shows mostly citrus and apple flavors. The finish is mild and clean, and overall the wine delivers clarity and a dominant citrus profile.
Old vine Petite Sirah fortified with brandy in the Port style, this very sweet wine could benefit from some time in the bottle. It's quite rich in chocolate, black currant and spice flavors wrapped into smooth, thick tannins, with a burn of alcohol on the finish.
This is a wine that gives acidity and ripeness at the same time. The color is light, but there is good concentration, great aromatic character and lively red berry fruits.
While this wine has obviously seen plenty of wood aging, it's also full of dark blackberry fruit. Together, those qualities give density and structure, with acidity and fruitiness to match. Drink from 2021.
Pretty basic red wine, with a tough, tannic mouthfeel and not much fruit, but dry and balanced, with lots of pepper. Sipped from a plastic cup at a big party with pizza and Buffalo wings, it's fine.
A nice effort at an attractive price, this Marlborough Pinot features more complexity than typical at this price range. Smoke and herbal notes verge on meaty and mushroomy, while the mouthfeel is smooth and supple. Ends with a bit of orange zest. Imported by Winesellers Ltd.
While it is certainly sweet, this also shows a fine, delicate texture, with red currant, plum and honey flavors. This is a wine to drink by itself after a meal.
This is a truly amazing Sauvignon from northeast Italy that rests on the lees for three years to shape a rich, complex and elegant white wine. The variety's characteristic aromas of exotic fruit and spring flowers are all there and the wine is impressively generous and creamy on the finish.
There is some of the mineral character that is typical of the Douro in this black-fruit-laden wine. It has acidity and tannins and a stalky, juicy character that keeps it crisp. The wine is ready to drink now.
Remarkably intriguing aromas of dragon's blood spice (a Southeast Asian incense) as well as cinnamon and dried raspberries arise on this wine by Dan and Thérèse Martin. The palate is also highly floral, like sipping a purple bouquet, with violet and ollallieberry flavors that linger after your sip is done.
While all of Trapiche's single-vineyard Malbecs are excellent, this is the rock star of the group. From 50-year-old vines, Coletto offers prune, fruitcake and cedary aromas in front of a jammy but structured palate. Smooth as silk with hints of Port. A lovely, lush wine that should age well through 2012.
91–93. Barrel sample. This spicy wine, aged in new wood, is rich and full with blackberry flavors. It's opulent in texture with layers of new oak that reverberate through the wine.
Estate-grown and varietal, this has a youthful freshness and a pretty cherry flavor. The tannins are smooth and supple, and the wine is balanced and lightly citrusy. It falls off rather quickly and leaves a hint of herb on the finish.
This light ruby-colored wine is made from Kadarka grapes. It has cherry and Mediterranean herb aromas and raspberry, baking spice and dried cherry flavors. It's balanced, with soft tannins and a fruity finish.
Not quite as intense or concentrated as Burge's Filsell Shiraz, but made in a similar style, with notes of roasted coffee and grilled meat accenting raspberry fruit. The tannins are creamy, balanced by crisp acids on the finish. Drink now–2013.
More neutral than fruity or pungent, with vivacity and minerality on the bouquet. Feels lifted, medium-bodied and citrusy, with lime, tarragon, wet stone and green apple flavors. Level and chiseled on the finish.
Orange peel, honey and spice notes linger over a bouquet of hyacinth and freesias. So beautifully structured, it's as if each sip unleashes a wave of sweet amber honey that undulates on the palate amidst flashes of golden marmalade and a vibrant citrus acidity.
Lovely notes of Reineclaude plums play on the nose. The palate is soft but also has echoes of pebble and stone. Fluid and fresh, the wine even shows overtones of white blossom on the palate. It's a lovely, lasting and authentic expression of Alsace.
This fruity, smooth and light wine shows a pale copper color. Attractive aromas resemble maraschino cherry and spiced apples, and a rich, mouth-filling effervescence brings the slightly sweet fruit flavors to the front.
Soft, dry and thin in flavor, except for a splash of cherries and blackberries that disappears rapidly on the finish.
Like the winery's other 2010 Cabs, this 100% varietal wine is dry, soft and densely packed. In this case the flavors suggest Oakville's black currants and cassis liqueur, with notes of violets, dried herbs and minerals. The tannins are finely ground, almost chalky, but still quite astringent. Should negotiate the next 10 years effortlessly.
This rich, dark take on the cool-climate vineyard delivers all the great Syrah components. Lavish cooked beef, fudge, loam and mint aromas accent its black currant and blueberry base. The palate is coated with soft, polished tannins that present savory beef and black currant flavors, steeped in peppercorn and lavender.
A unique style of Riesling, naturally fermented on the skins for 20 days prior to pressing. The result is intriguing: honey and baked apple notes tinged with peach-like ripeness and briny minerality. It's medium-bodied, crisp and dry yet with a sense of honeyed richness.
This medium-bodied wine features aromas of green apple and crushed stone, while the flavors turn citrusy, veering toward lime and grapefruit. It's nicely silky in texture, while a hint of snow pea marks the finish.
Mint and eucalyptus flavors show strongly in this wood-aged, polished, smoky wine. The fruit suggests black plums, damsons and berries. Give the wine 3–4 years.
Though not designated, the grapes for this white come from the Dutton Sullivan Vineyard, outside of Graton, planted to a heritage selection of Wente. Wet stone and salty apple make for an inviting beginning, followed by a length of complex Mandarin orange specked in spice. Andrew Berge is the winemaker.
Many things happen here at once: there are rose petals, clear blossom honey, ripe yellow pears, bitter orange, roasted hazelnuts and green tea—unlikely companions that unite surprisingly well in this complex, nutty and layered wine with pleasing concentration and length.The wonderful seam of acidity lifts everything onto a different plane.
There's potential for this brooding, boisterous varietal on the Central Coast. In this bottling from Bella Collina Vineyard, the nose offers black plum, cola and big, fat berries ready to pop. The palate is smooth and held together by silky tannins, showing flavors of plum fruit, cooked cherries and a peppery spice that tingles the tongue from the midpalate onward.
Congratulations go to Schroeder for having the guts to blend Pinot Noir and Malbec, and to get a great wine out of it. The mix is pure Patagonia, and after some fiery, dark aromas the palate takes over with a mix of bright fruit and chocolate. Round, large and full to the last drop, this is well worth a go should you come across it. 1,000 cases made.
A sound, everyday Zinfandel, this may be a little green and underripe, but it does show some berry-cherry flavor. The alcohol is very high.
This is a really fantastic wine and one of the best expression of Falanghina available today. (Perhaps the best.) What sets it apart is the purity of its fruit aromas. Citrus, white mineral and tonic fruit aromas hint at the crisp and smooth palate.  Would wash down well with fish, salad or spaghetti con vongole.
This well-made wine has the classic fresh herb and gooseberry aromas, followed by tangy acidity and bright lemon and grapefruit flavors. It's a lively one: light, dry and well-balanced, not to mention very affordable.
A little one-dimensional, but otherwise a nice, everyday Pinot Noir with good varietal character. With a silky texture, it has dry, clean flavors of cherries, cola, spices and oak.
Something floral and stony appears on the nose, along with a hint of smoke and something uncompromising and hard. The palate then packs a real punch: the wine hits you like a bullet of concentrated freshness and citric verve. This is bundled and effective, delivering a hit of ripened freshness with its lemon-zest dominated, dry tanginess. The finish has something juicy and luscious and is absolutely dry and clean. Totally lip-smacking. Drink now through 2027.
This easy-drinking wine shows the rich, exotic flavors of Viognier, with fresh peaches, tangerines, papayas, honey, vanilla and oak. A brisk edge of acidity keeps the richness under control.
More basic and strained than prior wines from this producer. The nose is rubbery and cheesy at first, with leather and blackberry. Hard, tannic and acidic as well, and only a little softer with airing. Flavors are of snappy, tough cherry and berry, and the finish shows tannic bite. Could improve some with aging; now it's a tough go.
This Grenache leaps into another dimension, with more concentration, earth, umami and salinity than ever before, yet it retains its elegance thanks to a crisp finish of raspberry and rock flavors. Reminiscent in a way to high-altitude Argentine Malbec, this will cellar well for a decade or more.
Pretty harsh, with green tannins and minty flavors, relieved by some modest cherry notes.
This wine is a blend of Syrah (44.5%), Grenache (33.3%) and Mourvèdre. The aromas are light and nuanced, with notes of raspberry, thistle, flower petal and herb. The red- and black-fruit flavors bring a pleasing sense of purity and freshness that carries through the finish.
This wine offers aromas of clove and woodspice, with blue-fruit notes in the background. The flavors showing pleasing density and weight, shortening up on the finish.
Simple, soft and fruity-sweet in cherries and raspberries, like the spicy filling in a pie. A direct wine to drink now.
Pure, ripe blackberry aromas are heady, toasty and crisp like burnt bread crust. This Malbec has a profound, drawing mouthfeel defined by full extraction and muscular tannins. Savory flavors of blackberry and roasted plum end with depth, focus and welcome freshness. Drink through 2023.
Co-fermented with 5% Viognier, this Syrah is direct and appealing with notes of boysenberry jam, smoked meat and orange peel. The palate is soft and sumptuous in feel with tart fruit flavors.
Big, intense and ripe, this wine has great flavors of ripe apples, almonds and honey from the malolactic fermentation. It is poised, elegant and powerful—a balance that is the best of many worlds. From the Roux domaine, it is finely crafted and likely to age for many years.
It's very acidic and also a little hot in alcohol, and the combination of the two gives this a prickly taste and feeling. On the other hand, it's enormously rich and delicious in raspberries, cherries and cola, with all kinds of spicy, mushroomy, oaky nuances.
Saucy, stewy plum and licorice aromas lead to a wiry palate with grabby tannins. Lightly herbal berry flavors come with a shading of oak, while the finish is herbal and minty tasting, with a sense of raw freshness stemming from latent acidity.
Shows good Chardonnay character in the creamy texture and peach, pineapple and pear flavors. It's a little rustic, but this is a good price for what you get.
Apple and melon aromas are pure and minerally. The palate is round and offers good density and acidic balance along with tasty, better-than-normal melon, papaya and apple flavors. Creamy but balanced on the finish; meets or beats any reasonable expectation for fine Albariño.
Barolo Meriame opens with earthy tones of forest floor and bramble followed by lively tones of black licorice and cherry liqueur. This is a delicate, feminine wine with very good staying power.
This fresh and easy wine from the up-and-coming Montecucco wine region shows bright cherry and blueberry notes, with toasted nut and tobacco touches. Pair it with meatloaf or breaded veal.
Fusion blends 79% Syrah, 15% Petite Sirah, 5% Zinfandel and 1% Alicante Bouschet a delicious case in point. Gamy, with flavors of dark earth, thick blackberry jam and dark plum, it's the tobacco kicker on the finish that'll bring you back.
A powerful, modern wine, this Cabernet Sauvignon from Umbria offers thick layers of red cherry, Asian spice, vanilla bean, toasted oak and cherry cola. There are hints of mature fruit yet the wine remains youthful and vibrant overall with balsam flavors and fresh fruit over a long, penetrating finish.
With rich tiers of blackberries, cherries, currants and sandalwood, this Petite Sirah also has a salt and pepper meatiness to it, like a great hamburger. Its sturdy tannins will play well with roasts. Should hold for some years, but if you open it now, give it plenty of time to breathe.
Fresh, clean nectarine and cantaloupe aromas provide an inviting entrance, which is followed by a vital palate that has mild orange and nectarine flavors which are slightly sweet and friendly. Smooth, light and not at all aggressive on the finish.
Shows some oak aging in its aromas of cedar, caramel and baking spices, but also in the velvety mouthfeel and slightly drying finish. Thankfully, there are just enough ripe cherries to carry the freight, so while purists may be dismayed, plenty more will enjoy the wine's mix of fruit and oak. Drink now–2018.
Made in a lighter style, but showing true Williams Selyem elegance and complexity. With pretty cherry, cola, spice and sandalwood flavors, it has bright acidity, and is a very nice Pinot Noir to drink now.
A dry, tannic and severe Syrah. It's tart and sandpapery in the mouth, with a scoury mouthfeel, and although you'll find some cherries and currants, there's not enough richness to counterbalance the toughness.
Dark in color and jammy on the nose, this seemingly ripe Merlot smells of plum, blackberry and raisin. In the mouth, it's blocky and tannic, with nonintegrated high acidity. Salty, briny blackberry flavors finish peppery and with drying, hard tannins.
Clearly well-origined, to judge from the fine structure and essential purity. But it's a very tannic, closed wine, with a mouth-numbing astringency that accentuates the acidity. Even so, it's so ripe in blackberries and currants it's almost drinkable now, with a good decant. But you're best off cellaring a good 4–6 years.
This mountain Cab has a very dark color, and the tannins are intense and scouring. Will the core of black cherry and blackberry fruit outlive the tannins? The jury's out, but it merits this score by virtue of its overall class and distinction. If you open it now, decant for as long as you can.
This Chardonnay shows plenty of ripe, sunny California richness. It brims with oranges, pears and mangoes, with oak-inspired vanilla bean and buttered toast notes.
A relatively restrained, minerally version of Australian Chardonnay, with a touch of graphite to the crisp pear aromas. Some gently toasted nut notes impart richness of texture and complexity on the palate. Long and slightly tannic on the finish, this could develop well over the next 2–3 years.
A good, solid California Chardonnay at a fair price. It's creamy and crisp, with palate-satisfying flavors of pineapples, pears and green apples.
Structured but elegant, this weaves together sensations of tilled earth, forest floor, black cherry, raspberry, orange peel and nutmeg alongside supple tannins. It's vibrant and drinkable. Even though it will age moderately well, enjoy over the next few years to capture the fresh berry fruit.
Dark berry, tobacco, leather and a balsamic note are some of the aromas you'll find on this stunning wine. The firm, full-bodied palate delivers ripe black cherry, black pepper, licorice and chopped mint alongside youthfully assertive but refined tannins that need time to unwind. Drink 2021–2031.
This wine earns its high score by virtue of sheer richness. It's enormous in blackberry, cassis, roasted meat, licorice, black pepper and smoky cedar flavors, and finishes dry and spicy. There's a tannic toughness that resists the palate, and doesn't seem likely to age out, so drink over the next few years.
Light, fruity, packed with strawberries, this is an attractive Pinot Noir. The only spoiler is the over-excited use of wood which is masking the fruit and will always be an important factor.
Fragrant orange blossom and peach aromas are brightened with hints of lime and lemon on this dry, medium-bodied wine. Yellow peach and tangerine flavors are tart yet juicy on the palate, lifted by a streak of lime acidity and a murmur of tea-leaf astringency on the finish.
This wine is half Cabernet Sauvignon with the rest Merlot and Cabernet Franc (22% each), topped off by Petit Verdot. The aromas of fresh herbs, flowers and blue fruit are still wound up. The palate shows more tannic heft than this vineyard is often known for, needing some time in the cellar to soften. Best after 2020.
Fresh, pliable, slightly pear and apple scented and dry—what's not to like? This does not make any demands on you and is a marvel of versatility, also implying lots of fun and freshness. Easy-drinking, dry Grüner with a wonderfully appley finish.
From the producer's 1,400-foot-high estate vineyard atop the Petaluma Gap, this wine is richly layered in boysenberry, baked cherry and pine. Moderately structured, it has an underlying minerality of stony earth to keep it fresh and balanced despite its robust power and concentration.
The nose on this Riesling is lavish with scents of white florals, ripe honeydew and lavender. It's dry in style with pleasant peach flavors, backed by a bold mineral undertone. Finishes quite brisk.
Crisp, neutral and just a little lemony on the nose, with a small hint of sulfuric burn. The palate is genuine and firm, with nectarine and citrus flavors holding court. Clean and lightweight on the finish, with overall elegance. Shows good flow and balance while keeping things modest.
This big, broad-shouldered Shiraz is brimming with flavor and ready to drink now. The bright, deep ruby/black robe sets you up for the full, persistent blackberry fruit that follows, and the palate doesn't disappoint. This has very good balance, a chewy mouthfeel, and finishes long, with full but even tannins.
This shows lots of finesse and control, despite its power. It has raspberry, cherry jam and Dr. Pepper flavors, plus a sweet coat of oak that adds vanilla and cinnamon spice notes. It can be consumed now, and it should develop in the bottle over 3–4 years.
A bit of a disappointment after the exceptional 2002, this young, hard wine brings scents of citrus, white pepper and green coffee beans into play, with rather aggressive notes of American oak. The pickle-barrel character is a bit of a detraction, and the wine is tart, chewy and still awkward with unresolved tannins. Needs time.
This ruby-garnet wine has a touch of oxidation on the nose with flavors of blackberry, black plum and black cherry in the mouth. It's not perfectly harmonious in the midpalate but there's a fair bit of acidity in the finish that makes it refreshing.
Winemaker Victoria Benavides has maxed out the ripeness but has avoided any raisin, prune or molasses characteristics, which we like. Her Gran sits heavier on the palate than the 2004 Crianza, with firm tannins. But it also lingers more solidly on the back of the palate. To admire its purity and power, it's probably best to drink over the next four years.
Quite a nice Cabernet Sauvignon from this veteran producer, but be warned. It's very tannic. There's a hard astringency that locks it down, but underneath that is beautifully ripened blackberry and cherry fruit. Will it age? Probably not for more than 4–6 years, when the tannins will still be there.
Alpha is a new offering from Market Vineyards, and boosts the flavor meter past the winery's excellent, value-priced Benchmark Merlot. Tightly-structured and showing a barrel-heavy mix of dark, toasted flavors, this complex effort brings lead pencil, clove, charred meat and black fruits into play. Enjoy it with your thick grilled steak, or tuck it away until 2020–2022.
Attractive mint and spice aromas play with herbal black fruit on the firm bouquet, and after that there's plenty of blackberry and plum to propel the palate. As always, this is a premier Chilean red blend that grafts pure power to elegance. It may not have the potency and density of fruit of the 2003, but it isn't lacking.
A rich spicy nose paired with plum and red berry is followed by earthy, dry, French-style Syrah flavors. Classic and restrained and a food-friendly winner, the wine has structure and a lingering finish.
A blend of 80% Cabernet and 20% Syrah, this easygoing wine offers blackberry and red currant sensations accented with notes of cracked black pepper. Round tannins make this extremely accessible so enjoy soon.
An easy-sipping white wine, with semisweet fruit flavors and soft acids. Finishes clean and honeyed.
Underripe fruit seems more sour than anything. Some bitter, stemmy flavors creep into the finish.
As long as the price keeps creeping up on this wine, we're happy to say that the quality seems better and the oak level lower than in past years. This version of Milmanda offers roasted corn, walnut and other smoky, barrel-based aromas. Throughout the fruit is shy but the mouthfeel and oak are smooth. Finishes with a blast of white pepper and toast.
You can almost taste the nearby sea in this salty, tangy wine. It is very fresh, bright while full in the mouth with apricot and pear flavors. Generous and ripe, the crisp, bright aftertaste melds with the smooth and creamy texture. Drink from 2016.
This wine is robust in flavor, appropriately laced with firm tannins and begs for a dry-aged Tbone to pair with. It has a deep color, moderately spicy blackberry aromas, and a firm mouthfeel. Blackberry and subtle blueberry flavors push through on the finish. Best after 2022.
This is a fresh and fruity wine, flavored with creamed apple and pears. There is the merest hint of pepper here to give spice and to bring out the bright acidity at the end. The wine could hold a year, but is ready to drink now.
What a refreshing wine. It's a little sweetish in lemon and lime Lifesaver flavors, but crisp and clean in balancing acidity. Turns rich in vanilla and peppery spice on the finish, with a reprise of the ripe citrus fruit.
This wine opens in candied ginger and orange peel, invitingly light in color and weight, with elegance at its core. Silky texture wraps around plum, sage and that classic notion of forest floor.
Initially it smells flat and earthy, with raisiny black fruit aromas. As it airs out it improves, but throughout its run it comes across heavy and wayward, with raisiny flavors and a simple dullness that prevents the wine from rising to the next level. Good Malbec but not a value at $45.
This is an aromatic wine, with notes of peach, pear, soda water and apricot. It drinks off dry, with abundant stone-fruit flavors throughout.
Fresh and vibrant, this has bright aromas of raspberry and wild strawberry. The aromas are simple and so is the mouthfeel, offering a crisp berry nuance followed by a candy-like sweetness and a creamy, frothy finish.
Stalky, lightly green aromas of tobacco and mountain herbs blend with leathery plum and berry scents in front of a round, full-bodied palate. Loamy, earthy plum flavors come with an herbal covering, while this tastes oaky, herbal and like cocoa on the finish. Drink through 2018.
Ripe earthy berry aromas are supported by more than enough oak and sawdust. Following the nose like a map, this Malbec from San Rafael feels resiny. A mix of toasty spicy oak-based flavors blends well with boysenberry and salty notes, while this finishes full and with a draping of toasty blackened oak.
Dark, rich and heavy, a wine with thickly ripe flavors of plums, tomato and pepper. Feels dense in the mouth, with firm tannins and low acidity. This very dry wine calls for rich foods, such as roast duck or a beef stew.
A plush ripeness pushes on the palate, with a taste of baked apple and tropical fruit that falls flat somewhat on the finish, its layers of oaky vanilla disappearing in a mist.
Aromatically, this wine does not want to give too much away yet. However, the citrus focus of its linear palate and the refreshment that it holds are already evident. This is Grüner for grown-ups with a neat dose of peppery pungency and great concentration.
From a single-walled vineyard, this is a ripe, generous and still structured cru wine. It has layers of delicious black-plum fruits and a jammy ripe texture that cushions the tannins. The vineyard is wholly owned by Edouard Labruyère, making it a monopole. Drink from 2018.
The nose is shy at first, gradually revealing black-skinned fruit, scorched earth and nutmeg aromas. The juicy, straightforward palate delivers ripe black cherry, mocha and clove flavors through a frame of evolved tannins. Drink through 2020.
A nice everyday Chard, fairly rich in fruit, herb and spice flavors, and with a nice overlay of oak. Easy to drink and totally dry.
There's a nice minerality to this wine, with ripe and juicy aromas of citrus, honeydew and soft white florals. The mouth is tightly structured with flavors of sweet citrus, green berries and white strawberry hull. Balanced and clean with the medium weight mouth countered by appropriately zesty acidity.
Earthy, woody aromas of heavy berry fruits are tired. This has a chunky, soupy feel along with overripe flavors of raisin and roasted plum. A burnt-wood character akin to hickory controls the finish.
An eccentric wine that will appeal to some with exotic tastes. The tropical fruit, Asian pear and melon flavors are drying out, reverting to cashew nuts, herbs and minerals. With crisp acidity, this Chardonnay is headed into interesting, offbeat places.
A fruit-driven wine, young and fresh, its lively red berry fruits, touched lightly by tannins and acidity. Delicious, fruity wine.
From an small estate that also has vines in Chénas and Saint-Amour, this is a firmly tannic wine that also has attractive juicy red-berry fruits. The wine, still young, will repay aging allowing it to broaden out with rich fruit and a soft texture. Drink this cru from late 2017.
The principal difference between Blanquette and Cremant de Limoux is in the proportion of Mauzac which has to be in the blend—more for the Blanquette. Which is why this wine has 90% Mauzac, more spice than fruit, and finishes with flavors of grilled almonds.
Strawberry flavor dominates this light and crisp wine. With its brisk acidity and slightly herbal character, it's fresh edging towards green.
Baked plum and blackberry aromas are accented by notes of dry herbs and desert rocks. Typically lush and plush, this Monastrell is also a bit soft. Flavors of blackberry, mixed spices, herbs and chocolate are savory and leathery on the finish, where a spot of mint leaf comes into play. Drink through 2022.
An interesting wine that walks to the beat of its own drum. Organic wines are almost always a little unusual, and this is no different. It pours on the funky red-fruit aromas and then come herbal cherry, raspberry and plum flavors. As a whole it's a good, well-made wine with decent feel. But hailing from La Rioja, it also has its own unfamiliar identity. Worth a try if organic wines are your thing.
Extreme raisiny aromas are suggestive of P.X. Sherry. This is heavy and grabby on the palate while prune and raisin flavors are dominant. On the finish, this is overripe and ponderous, with fig and prune flavors.
Notable for high, stimulating acidity and purity of flavor, this lovely Chard brims with lime, mineral, white peach and apricot flavors, wrapped into a lush, creamy texture. It's an elegant, classy wine that improves as it breathes in the glass.
Single block wines, such as this one, often show a tight focus rather than a broad palate. Here it works well, wrapping savory notes around red currant fruit. There's a lightly metallic ring to the flavors, running straight through the finish. Give this a few hours of decanting, or tuck it away for drinking after 2020.
The wine, that has been a major player in the success of Provence rosé, epitomizes the style. Fresh with red currants and red berries, it is lively and intensely fruity with just a hint of herbs at the end. This is an immediately drinkable wine, just ready for the summer.
This dry Merlot is marked by strong tannins and ripe fruit. It shows bursts of black cherry, currant, cola and cedar flavors, and it has an astringent texture that's unlikely to age away. Drink now.
A decent wine, but pretty linear and with lots of divots. More proof that Cab Franc on its own is very difficult to make whole and complex. The wine is drily tannic, with cherry and oak flavors and cherryskin tannins. Drink now.
Leathery, earthy and entirely attractive; this is a wine that doesn't seem to have come off an assembly line. The fruit is power-packed, dealing blackberry and plum along with chocolate and spice. In tasting this it's hard to find any faults. Only the hard tannins stand out, calling for several years of cellar time. From Vega Sicilia. Drink in 2008.
Rounded, and rich, this is touched with spicy wood and has plenty of black berry fruits. A solid structure, some fruit tannin and plenty of red-plum-skin edge finishes ripe.
Good, rich flavors, ranging from blackberries and dried herbs to bitter espresso, but way too soft. Like a Dali watch, it just melts without coming to life.
This structured wine opens with aromas that recall underbrush, blue flower, mature black plums, balsam and a whiff of leather. The palate delivers black cherry sweetened with vanilla, toasted oak, espresso and chocolate alongside bracing tannins. Drink 2015–2020.
Made from 70% Sémillon and 30% Sauvignon Blanc, this softly appealing wine has rich flavors of mangoes and guavas, with a cashew nut butteriness. It's smooth in the mouth, and a little honey sweet in the finish. A nice cocktail sipper.
Whiffs of black coffee and wet soil mingle amidst plump black cherry and berry notes on nose of this medium-bodied Cabernet Sauvignon. The palate shows a cooler crisper black-fruit profile, accented by swathes of green leaves and herbs. The finish is a bit tart, lingering on a bite of penetrating tannins.
A good, if fairly standard wine, showing all the popular Chardonnay elements. It's dry, crisp and creamy, with fruit and buttered toast flavors.
This opens with somewhat rustic aromas of overripe fruit, truffle, game and a whiff barnyard. The round, accessible palate is already evolved, showing dried black cherry, mocha, anisette and a confectionary note alongside smooth tannins. Drink sooner rather than later.
A serious, considered wine with its full, ripe and soft flavors tempered with a complex structure. It will not age as impressively as other Pol Roger vintages, and already the yeast and toast element is creeping in. But the weight of Pinot Noir is there, leaving a powerful, creamy mousse finish.
Buttercup aromas are peachy and yeasty. Although the wine offers adequate freshness, it is starting to lose clarity. Flavors of dull peach finish nutty and slightly oxidized.
Rustic smelling, this has a leafy scent and red fruit aromas akin to cherry and raspberry. The mouthfeel is tight, jumpy and alert, and the flavors of cassis and plum set up a rugged, scratchy finish, with notes of carob, vanilla and coffee.
Made in a drier, tarter style than the winery's Russian River bottling, this Chard favors elegance over opulence. It's streamlined and crisp, with subtle notes of green apples, kumquats and honey, gently touched by smoky oak.
What's up with this once proud value leader? Wines of character and balance used to be the norm (circa 2001-2002) but now Rívola has devolved into an herbal, green wine with difficult aromas and vegetal flavors. The mix is 60% Cabernet Sauvignon and 40% Tempranillo.
This is a very aromatic wine that's rich, spicy and with just a touch of ripeness. It has spiced pear, lychee and honey notes all balanced by a wonderful fresh acidity. Drink now and until 2020. Screwcap.
This rustic Barbera tastes of blackberry. It's medium bodied with just-right acidity and tannins that are well-integrated and smooth. The finish gets a little bit meaty, which will work fine alongside meaty, smoky foods.
This tiny producer makes extraordinary wines. These Pinot vines are over 30 years old, low-yielding and hand-harvested. New oak is restrained and the wine is left to express itself in a truly Burgundian fashion. The scents have a revealing intensity, the bouquet is build up from many influences of fruit, spice, rock and barrel. In the mouth it's full but restrained, with concentrated power and plenty of acid. Exceptional winemaking.
A deceptive wine, in that it seems full-bodied but ultimately lacks concentration and depth. Melon and spice flavors support modest floral aromas.
A little too soft, but otherwise this is a rich red wine, packed with flavor. Tastes of ripe blackberries, cherries and red currants, with pleasant complications of licorice and bacon. Drink now.
This is zippy and refreshing, offering aromas of struck flint, pea shoots and grapefruit. For its abv, it's light on the palate, dancing with vibrant grass and citrus flavors and crisp acids.
Shows real Peachy Canyon class in the ripe fruit, spice flavors and lush tannic structure. The wine is much more rustic and angular than the Paso Robles bottlings, but it's still a fine Zinfandel.
Slight reduction still obstructs this wine's nose. The palate, however, is both zingy and rich—spiked with citrus and rounded with ripe, mellow apple fruit. There is verve and life at its core and tone to its medium body. The dry finish is appetizing.
Light cherry and raspberry aromas come in front of a grabby rubbery palate. This tastes like salty plum, with little variation of that theme. A solid finish tastes exactly like what came before.
Saturated in color almost to the point of opaque. The nose is brash, with rubbery berry, chocolate and sandalwood aromas. Intense but not overpowering, with flavors of sweet black plum, berry and black currant. Spry and lively throughout, with licorice and bitter chocolate on the finish.
This successful brand is a huge seller in Australia, and the company reports that 200,000 cases of this vintage are available in the U.S. It's a little less overt than many Marlborough Sauvignons, with restrained celery leaf and citrus aromas and flavors that finish with just a hint of sweetness. Drink now.
This wine opens with aromas of oak, butterscotch and dill that carry over to the palate alongside flavors of vanilla, lemon zest and apricot. This would be a nice alternative for fans of oaked Chardonnay.
The soft, honeyed nose is entirely inviting, hinting at the refinement this wine carries from start to finish. Though not a heavyweight, there's a goodly amount of apricot and quince mixed with toffee and crème brûlée. Scrumptious, racy and recommended for those who like good Port.
On the nose, this everyday SB delivers pungency and citrusy green-fruit scents. The mouthfeel is racy, while flavors of lime, passion fruit and grapefruit finish zesty and with green, herbal notes of thyme and oregano.
Tropical-fruit aromas and lavish flavors go well with the richness and full body of this creamy-textured wine blended from Chardonnay, Sémillon and Verdelho grapes. Toasted almond, nutmeg and vanilla all come out on the palate and linger on the finish.
Gritty plum and berry flavors are a touch rough. This is tight on the palate, but fair. Dry flavors of minty oak and clove are more out front than salty berry notes, while this is firm and tastes like roasted fruit, oak and salted tomato on the finish.
Here's a compact, streamlined wine that very much lives up to Barolo tradition. Aromas here include ethereal balsam notes, eucalyptus, coffee, tar, black fruit, mineral and honey-roasted ham. In the mouth, the wine leaves a tight, tart and long-lasting impression.
Don’t look for Napa-esque depth or richness in South Coast Cabs. The frame is leaner, the flavors more austere. This wine seems thin and sharp, but there’s something about it—a sense of terroir, personality, call it what you will—that’s likable, even complex. It’s a bit aggressive right now, but should soften nicely with 2 or 3 years in the cellar.
Pretty and light, with dried fruit, herbs, belt leather and a distant woodsy scent. An example of a lighter-bodied wine made well; it's got life, structure and acidity, but nothing too demanding. A real pop and drop type of wine. Best Buy.
The 2013 vintage was a solid one for Pinot Noir in just about every corner of New Zealand. This is medium-bodied and slightly creamy-textured, with dark notes of cola, mocha and plum, spiced up by hints of cinnamon and clove. The lengthy finish is supple and velvety. Drink now–2025.
Oak plays a major role in this bottling from the owners' Mateo Vineyard, somewhat masking the variety's characteristically peppery hints, but it's lavish and delicious. Blueberry, blackcurrant, cocoa and warm pastry notes hit the nose, and the extremely smooth palate unleashes blackberry pie, dark-chocolate fudge and cappuccino flavors, without being sweet.
Strawberry, tea and sandalwood aromas make for an interesting, unusual bouquet. This is a fresh, young wine that shouldn't solicit much contemplation, but will register positively due to its light, smooth feel. It's medium in depth, with airy finishing notes of mushroom and cherry.
Savory notes of saffron and pressed apple are countered by heady blossom and honey on this elegantly balanced Riesling. The palate is unctuously fruity with flavors of sweet peach and hibiscus nectar, but cut with a shock tangerine acidity that reverberates through the finish.
A rich, ripe expression of one of Italy's iconic wines, this displays the heat of the 2011 vintage. It opens with aromas of red currants, tobacco, oak and exotic spice while the full-bodied palate delivers dried black cherries, blueberry extract, licorice and black pepper. Densely concentrated and tightly packed with assertive but fine-grained tannins, you'll need to give this time to unwind. Drink 2017–2026.
This small bottle, enough for two glasses, reveals another great wine from Kracher. It is both superrich and beautifully balanced. The wine has opulent apricot, orange marmalade and honey flavors already finely integrated. Drink now. Screwcap.
A blend of two really local grapes, Síria and Fonte Cal, this is a fresh, mineral and citrus driven wine. It is so light and crisp with acidity that shoots though the wine. From high altitude vineyards, it has a refreshing, cool aftertaste. Drink now.
Elaborate and rich, this wine offers orange, nectarine, honey, vanilla, cream and butterscotch flavors, brightened by zesty acidity.
Fresh and polished, this opens with scents of wild berry, crushed aromatic herb and a whiff of violet. The bright linear palate offers wild cherry, anise and baking spice alongside fresh acidity and lithe tannins. Enjoy through 2018.
A hard, grinding scent of road tar is out front on a mostly fruitless nose. This feels choppy and in search of balance. Gritty, herbaceous plum flavors finish with only modest fruit notes.
Here's a delicate and feminine sparkling wine with well dosed aromas of yellow fruit, peach, wildflower and drying mineral. The wine is fresh, tonic and delivers a friendly, cheerful attitude that would work well at cocktail hour.
Lightly funky and showing definite signs of early maturity, this smooth, medium-bodied wine is ready to drink now. Flavors of blood oranges, berries and cherries mingle in this smooth, easy-drinking effort.
An off-dry, leesy, delicately floral Riesling, this elegantly captures the floral and mineral qualities that make the grape so exceptional. The wine doesn't push too hard, but it persists, mixing white peach and papaya with citrus blossom, rosewater and body powder. Exotic and delightful.
Meandro, named after the horseshoe bend on the Douro that surrounds the Vale Meão vineyard, is the second wine from this quinta. In its own right, it is a fine wine, solidly based around smooth, rich black berry fruits and spice. Age for 5–6 years at least.
This Blanc de Blancs sparkling wine is 100% Chardonnay. It's a small production bubbly part of whose profits benefit National Geographic's ocean efforts. The wine is rich and savory in orange, lime and green apple flavors, with a yeasty edge from lees aging. The mouthfeel is scoury, so drink up.
This is the best Protos wine I've ever tasted. The nose offers up tobacco, moss and soft berry aromas. In the mouth, it's intense, deep and still tannic, with baked, earthy flavors of blackberry, plum, tobacco and coconut. The finish is stuffed with chocolate, herb, spice and cola flavors along with undeniable density. An excellent wine to drink now through 2020.
A genuine expression of Nebbiolo, this has subdued aromas of dried fruit, cola and cherry. The tannins show fine texture and a long, silky quality.
Quite ripe and phenolic, this herbal, peppery wine seems to have had a lot of skin contact. The fruit flavors are as expected—apples and white peaches. The finish carries some bitterness.
This estate-grown wine is made by Ken Wright. Showing some sharp, high-toned volatility in the nose, it opens into a smooth, spicy wine with pomegranate and black cherry fruit. A slight whiff of vinegar underlies the tannins, but for most tasters, it will not be noticeable.
Nice and dry, with good currant, cherry, olive and oak flavors, but the tannins are quite tough, giving the wine great astringency. Doesn't seem to have the stuffing for the cellar, so drink up.
Here's a hearty, friendly red that delivers ripe wild cherry, ripe black plum, dried mint and black pepper sensations accompanied by a eucalyptus note. It's at its ideal drinking window so enjoy soon.
Sesame oil, cracked peppercorns, pencil lead and charred oak serve as the savory side to aromatic elements of dried strawberries and olallieberries on the nose of this bottling. Upright but not chunky tannins frame the palate, where dried blueberry, beef char and rosemary converge for a complex and very dry flavor profile.
Here is a different take on Negroamaro with green, almost unripe, notes that merge with sweeter tones of forest berry, smoke and coffee. Sour cherry flavors appear on the finish.
Fresh asparagus, green bean, lime and mineral make for a textbook coastal Chilean SB nose. The palate is fresh, crisp, clear and lean, with zesty lemon-lime, lettuce, asparagus and tangerine flavors. Long and lasting on the finish, with a spot of sweetness at the end.
An earthy, nutty aroma and flavor come through the intense sweetness and full body of this dessert-style wine. It goes for earthy complexity rather than obvious fruit flavors, and tastes high in sugar and alcohol.
Mainly Roussanne, with a dollop of Viognier, this brilliant white wine is largely from the Santa Valley, which accounts for its brilliant ripeness. Just massive in white flowers, fresh white peaches, yellow apricots, pears, sautéed bananas, toasted coconut, vanilla and firm minerals. Lots of new oak, but the underlying wine easily supports it. A tremendous, impressive wine.
Made in a drink-me-now style, this Bordeaux-style blend is delicious, with black cherry, licorice, mocha and cedar flavors. It's soft and gentle in the mouth, with tannins that are firm, but yielding.
A blend based on Nerello Mascalese, with a tiny percentage of Nerello Cappuccio, this boasts a bold, compelling bouquet of wild berry, leather, tobacco and a light shading of crushed spice. The mouthfeel is characterized by elegance, power and determination.
This 100% Cabernet Sauvignon has rich, flashy flavors of spice and crème de cassis, and it will reward some time in the cellar. The tannins are strong, but the wine is drinkable now after decanting and especially when paired with steak. It will soften and mellow in 7–8 years, and it should last at least 15 years while gradually losing fruit.
A medium-bodied, off-dry (12 g/l residual sugar) Riesling, Paritua's 2008 displays some interesting, offbeat aromas of an almost salty, beefy nature to go along more traditional lime notes.
This is a fresh and friendly white with a floral nose and crisp flavors of pear and lemon. Overall, the wine has body and a dry, elegant character. Pair with seafood or Asian cuisine.
A blend of Zinfandel, Petite Sirah and Carignane, this wine is dry and rigid in tannins. It's briary and brambly with berry flavors accented with tobacco, currant and spice. There's a raw power to this wine that would suit barbecue or a hearty beef stew.
Relatively tight and closed up at this stage, this wine is all about freshness, poised but rich fruit and a structure that suggests long-term development. The wood is quite prominent, overshadowing what will be delicious yellow-fruit flavors. Come back to this wine in 5 years time—it will be magnificent.
In this balanced off-dry wine, all the elements of ripe fruit, a high dosage and crisp acidity come together. It is perfumed with white-flower aromas while the palate is soft with a ripe baked-apple flavor. The bottling is ready to drink.
This is a seriously wood-aged wine. Its burnt toast character doesn't chime with the light fruitiness of the vintage and so gives a wine that is bitter and extracted. Less overworking would have produced a better wine.
This fragrant blend of 70% Nebbiolo and 30% Vespolina opens with enticing scents of violet, rose, truffle and baking spice. The chewy, accessible palate delivers juicy black cherry, raspberry compote, white pepper and cinnamon while smooth supple tannins provide the framework. An almond note closes the finish. Drink through 2022.
A sharp, edgy wine, lifted with a bit of volatility, then smoothed over with a honeyed sweetness. Very ripe, soft, peachy and definitely ready to drink.
A bit sharp, but otherwise a nice dinner wine, with the medium-bodied, silky texture of Pinot Noir. The flavors are of cherries, cola, cocoa and tobacco, and the finish is dry and spicy.
A very tropical nose that even has a touch of passion fruit leads onto a very fresh easy fruit-driven palate. Lemon and tart orange characterize the aromas on the light, dry and fresh body. Drink soon while aromas are at their peak.
Awfully green and scratchy for a $30 “special edition” Malbec. The nose is brambly and rapidly devolves into outright grassy. The palate is narrow and underdeveloped, with reedy, raspy flavors of plum, raspberry and mint. Far from what you'd hope for from a higher-priced wine; 350 cases produced.
The wine is all juicy red-currant and berry fruits. With light tannins and a crisp edge the wine is fruity and ready to drink.
Aromas of chewing gum, red fruits and asphalt lead to standard berry flavors, but the feel is scouring and the finish is rough. Seems like tartartic acid is the culprit here.
Simple and tart, this is a clean, no frills style that opens with apple and cranberry fruit flavors, matching acids and a light mouthfeel. The flavors are a bit stripped, offering neither detail nor finesse, but at $17, it's perfectly fine.
This wine blends 49% Syrah with 27% Mourvèdre, 18% Grenache and 6% Counoise. Together, they provide a smooth, seductive taste of strawberry pie that invites and delights within a full-bodied package that's enjoyable now.
Bright, simple and clean, here is a bubbly Lambrusco that opens with tones of forest berry and wild strawberry followed by a touch of bitter almond skin.
A big step up from the disappointing 2006, this value-priced Pinot combines genuine Pinot Noir varietal character with a restrained elegance more typical of Burgundy than Oregon. Tart red fruits, orange peel, lots of acid and a buoyant, food-friendly balance keeps it lively through the finish. A lovely match for salmon, among many other choices.
Orange-marmalade aromas set the stage for a rather full-bodied, dry and flavorful wine. Floral and fruity elements are counter-balanced by a tangy texture and subtle mineral accents. A classic of the type, it has a lot of personality, a great presence on the palate and a lingering finish.
Here's a rich Chardonnay notable for plenty of fruit, and also for brisk acidity. It's creamy smooth, with pineapple, Meyer lemon and lime flavors that are almost sweet in the finish, but pull back in favor of minerality.
With honeyed flavors of peaches, pineapples, wildflowers and spices, this single-vineyard Viognier has fine acidic crispness that balances its slight sweetness.
A blend that includes Aligoté along with the traditional Champagne grapes, this is lively and bright. Fresh apples and a soft aftertaste make for an easy to drink wine that is lit with final acidity.
Dry, firm and tannic, this is a wine with great potential. It has weight, ripe berry fruits and a solid character. Wood aging shows lightly, allowing the ripeness of the fruit to dominate. Drink from 2016.
Loaded with bold, ripe fruit, exotic spice and leather, this is a simple but genuine expression of Brunello di Montalcino. The wine tastes thick and a bit chunky in the mouth because of its chewy, succulent tannins.
Textured, almost mineral wine that jumps with acidity and fresh berry fruits. This ripe fruit is shot through with a more citrus, zesty element.
Crémant de Loire is the Loire-wide sparkling wine appellation. This wine, with its blend of Chenin Blanc and Chardonnay, shows a crisp character, its acidity given brightness by lemon and green-plum fruit flavors. There's an attractive edge of minerality to add some tautness to the wine.
Half Cabernet Sauvignon and half Syrah, this is still young, stiff and not quite pulled together. The cool, attenuated vintage left the fruit on the green side, with green olive and briary berry notes. It's well-crafted and further bottle age could boost the score.
The chilly vintage has given this wine a toughness of tannins and acids that makes it difficult to appreciate now. And the toasty, sweet oak has not meshed yet with the fruit, which is rich in black currants and cassis liqueur. All signs point to the cellar. Hold until 2018, at least.
These are the kinds of Best Buys we love. In the case of Muruve's '04 crianza, the wine overdelivers by a sum and a half. The nose brims with cola, tar, menthol and other dark aromas, while the big but balanced palate delivers a belt of blackberry and plum flavors along with chewy, ripe tannins. Good now with grilled meat, but will age for another five years should you want to invest in more than one bottle.
This easy Prosecco would make a great aperitivo wine or would pair with light appetizers. It boasts a simple, approachable feel with pretty peach and citrus on the close.
Pretty decent for a 10-spot, with slightly floral aromas, a hint of ginger and underripe pear fruit. It's medium bodied, with a dry, lightly textured, bitter finish. Drink now.
Despite an official alcohol level of 14.2% by volume, this Cab is so hot and overripe, it tastes like brandy. It's all about raisins, oranges, oak and acidity.
Here's a soft, musky Moscato d'Asti that delivers foamy mousse and fragrant aromas of peach blossom, lemon cream and honeysuckle. The sweet wine offers impressive heft and staying power as well.
Juicy black fruits push through bold tannins, giving a ripe character to this generous wine. Lively acidity preserves both the freshness and its future. Drink now through 2018.
This is a bold and masculine expression of Primitivo, with aromas of earth, tobacco, ripe fruit and leather. The wine seems to show some age and offers a slightly gritty texture on the palate.
A wine that gives you everything you could possibly want: complexity, elegance, intensity and a long, creamy finish. Oreno is a 50-25-25 blend of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Sangiovese (which prove to be perfect proportions in this case). It exhibits aromas of bright cherry, prune, plum, espresso grinds and cedar wood.
Dry, with rich cherry, molasses, violet and cedar flavors. But this blend is pretty heavy and tannic, with searing acidity. Drink now.
A very pretty wine with a refined aroma profile of wild strawberry, wet stone, dried cherry and peppery spice backed by rich, candied fruit flavors that manage retain deftness.
Flat and a bit flabby on the nose, this golden Malvasia delivers aromas of stone fruit, mature melon, ash and white mineral. The wine is definitely much more lively in the mouth. where sharp mineral tones add definition and the wine's natural acidity kicks in.
Dry, full-bodied and softly rich in cherries and cedar. Not particularly layered, but a likeable wine to go with a grilled steak.
Cherry, sweet berry and citrus peel aromas come in front of a full, slightly oaky palate with sweet plum and berry flavors. There's some length to the finish and more flavors of sweet, creamy but nicely applied oak.
Exceedingly lean and tart, with crisp cherry aromas that indicate that what's to come will be stripped back and tight. And what do you know? The palate is all about tart cherry, cranberry and red raspberry, all sitting on a bed of prickly acidity. Not what most are looking for in a full-priced Tuscan red.
Sharp in acids and tannins, which gives a prickly mouthfeel to the blackberry, cherry and currant flavors. The wine is, by definition, good for everyday purposes, but rustic.
Not as dry as the name suggests, this offering seems fairly sweet, with sugary lime, orange and vanilla flavors. You'll find a rich streak of doughy yeast and acidity, giving it that typical Champagne note.
Citrus blossom and pine notes are welcoming enough, but the palate is sort of sweet and gummy for Torrontes. The wine has a spritzy body but not much variety in flavor. Powdery on the finish, with sugary leftovers.
Rhône specialist Donelan ventures into Burgundian territory with this Pinot Noir, with good results. The grapes were grown in the wild Fort Ross area, and the wine shows typical cool-climate acidity and a feral quality to the wild berry, cherry and spice flavors. A fascinating wine that should develop over the next eight years.
With varietally correct aromas and nice overall balance, this ranks as a solid, fairly legitimate Argentine Viognier. Hailing from warmer San Juan province, this is a citrus- and honey-based white with size, spice and mouthfeel. For the most part it gets things right.
A very good, immediately impressive Cabernet. We've never seen Chalk Hill Cab of this quality at this price. It shows powerfully oaked, ripe flavors of blackberries, black currants and spices, wrapped into fine, dense tannins. Just what Cab lovers love. Easy to find, with 8,606 cases produced. Drink now.
The aromas bring notes of herbs, green olive, flowers and blue and black fruit. The blue fruit flavors are ripe and full bodied, with spice flavors lingering on the finish.
Dried lemon peel and hay flowers make for an inviting nose. On the palate, the vivid brightness of lemon brightens notes of tart apple and the merest touch of earth and stone. This is precise and pure, absolutely dry and magnificent. The freshness is incisive and invigorating. It's another one of those gloriously bright and unapologetically fresh 2014 Rieslings. Clearly a vintage for adults only. The finish is lip-smackingly clean and utterly moreish. Drink 2017–2037.
Aromas of vanilla, mocha, dried herbs, pencil lead and flowers rise up from the glass. Rich and hedonistic in style, it's full of concentrated cherry and coffee flavors that pack a hefty punch.
In an effort to further differentiate the Foreshadow Merlot from the Foreshadow Cabernet, winemaker John Bookwalter has kept each out of the other's blend. This is a riveting, complex, supersized wine, with alcohol over 15% and plenty of intriguing barrel flavors. The black cherry-berry fruit is swathed in spice, chocolate, cedar and coffee, complex and well-crafted.
The oldest property owned by the Drouhin family has produced a wine that is initially withdrawn, showing its herbal, earthy character, before releasing an explosion of sweet berries, spice and irresistible freshness and acidity. The aftertaste is firm, and the fruit is very much in place.
Yeasty aromas of bread dough, toasted hazelnut, pressed wild flower and an earthy whiff of brimstone follow over to the crisp palate along with citrus and yellow apple. Made with grapes cultivated according to biodynamic farming practices and fermented with wild yeasts, it's a fascinating expression of Prosecco.
Delicately scented, this has subtle aromas evoking acacia, orchard fruit and a whiff of honeyed nut. The medium-bodied palate offers yellow apple and Bartlett pear that merge with bitter almond. It closes on a saline note.
Packaged in an extremely heavy bottle, this opulent Amarone delivers knockout aromas of toasted almond, hickory smoke, pipe tobacco and spice. Fruit flavors of plum, prune and blackberry are followed by a much-needed touch of acidity that keeps the palate refreshed.
Essentially a second label for Vavasour, the 2010 Dashwood Sauvignon Blanc displays restrained gooseberry aromas that turn tropical and citrusy on the palate. Turns a bit chalky or metallic on the finish, but it's still a solid wine, and some may like the edge that sharp note provides.
With no oak or malolactic fermentation, this wine is all pure, savory fruit. Made from a combination of Clarksburg, in the Delta, and Monterey fruit, it combines warm climate ripeness with coastal acidity to produce a crisp wine with intricate lime and spice flavors.
Aromas of toast, espresso, ripe berry and menthol lead the nose. The round, savory palate doles out juicy black cherry, blackberry, clove, chopped herb and game alongside chewy tannins. A coffee note closes the finish.
Using grapes sourced from estate vines planted in 1972, this wine is comparable, in its subtlety and delicate elegance, to an old-vine Zinfandel. Strawberry and spice run through the core, with brambly highlights and excellent balance. The wine is still a bit closed, so give it a good decanting, or leave it alone for a few more years.
There are earthy, coffee and berry aromas, and generic berry flavors. The wine is extremely dry, although a bit soft. It's not identifiably Syrah. It could be anything. The winemaker added some Riesling to lift it up. The finish is austere and alcoholic.  —S.H.
Extravagantly rich, this is dense and supersweet initially, just balanced with acidity. The botrytis dryness is really not here at this stage, but with its elegant creamy texture, wood flavors still very present. This is still at the very beginning of its development.
Everything about this wine is big and heavy—including the name, the psychedelic label and the massive bottle with wax capsule—but in spite of all that mass, it tastes great. The color is deep and dark, aromas are full of oaky spices of nutmeg and vanilla, and rich fruit flavors are layered with texture.
La Guillotte is a parcel on the Bouissel estate, planted with old Négrette. This firm and structured wine is solid with black plum fruits and cherry acidity. It is still developing and will need some time to soften its tannins. Drink from 2017.
The fruit is fresh and crisp with a lightly perfumed floral character, its pear and green apple flavors still young. It needs a couple of years more to fully blend together.
A lifted hint of mint on the nose comes from the Cabernet, while raspberry and spice come from the Shiraz. Both contribute to the full, complete mouthfeel and lush, creamy texture. The long finish displays some smoky barrel notes, but overall the wood here is well integrated. Should be a classic when it's released in 2008. Drink 2010–2020 or beyond.
A relatively light color and aromas like cherry jam give this medium-bodied wine an easy appeal. It has fruit flavors that dig deeper than the aromas, and moderate tannins for a good, gripping mouthfeel.
Plump yet sleek, with slightly tarry, rubbery notes that only slowly fade to reveal a medium-bodied dry rosé. Turns minerally on the finish.
A wine with some concentration and a full, fruity character, this balances a light structure with a generous, wood-laced fruit flavor. While it's drinkable now, this shows potential to age.
Cool climate acidity and long hangtime ripeness mark this expressive wine. It's filled with tart green apple, peach, pineapple, pine cone and rich honeyed flavors, with that distinctive waxed bean note of Chenin Blanc.
Light and floral, this subtle dessert wine is made from Scheurebe grapes, more often found in Austria than California. It provides this wine with fresh apricot and honey on the palate, lingering yet low enough in alcohol and power to be enjoyed as either apéritif or digestif, its sweetness greatly restrained.
Whiffs of lanolin, lime and mineral accent the steely, stony flavors in this dry, medium-bodied wine. Concentrated flavors of lime and lemon lend an invigorating briskness to the palate. An ideal summer dinner wine to pair with seafood or fowl.
An impressive Cabernet, the winery's best effort in years. Dry and firm in tannins, it shows a Bordeaux-esque elegance and balance, with sage and cedar notes framing underlying red currant fruit. Now through 2012.
Very structured wine, with black currant fruit and dense acidity. The tannins are dark, firm, solid. This is a fine wine from Cantemerle, reveling in the richness of the vintage.
A typical off-dry wine, lightly spritzy and with just enough acidity to balance. The fruit is the thing. The low alcohol makes it a fine summer wine. Drink now.
This is a fruity wine with juicy acids and fresh black-currant and berry flavors. The tannins are present, but they are well integrated into the fruit and acidity. It's bright and ready to drink.
With just the right amount of bottle age, this is a vintage to drink now. It has light, sweet pastry flavors, some toast and yellow peach and strawberry flavors. Delicious, but not for keeping.
An appetizing hickory-smoke aroma and bold fruit flavors make this one stand out, yet it doesn't go too far with the woody character. A hint of bacon blends well with the ripe blackberry flavors, and the rich texture and firm tannins make it a great wine to pair with big portions of protein.
In keeping with the voluptuous approachability of the 2007 vintage, this 100% Cabernet Sauvignon is simply fabulous now for its flood of the ripest, sweetest blackberrries, cherries, cassis and chocolate imaginable. Especially noble is the tannin structure, firm and soft, dry and sweet, a combination of opposites. The depth is vast, and the spicy finish goes on for a long time, suggesting the wine's concentration. Simply a joy to drink, it should develop over many years, but you might want to err on the side of youthfulness and open it by 2015.
Here's a riper, more tropical fruit infused Sauv Blanc with notes of mango, kiwi and yellow peach nectar. The rich fruit continues to dominate the palate, but the lemon-lime citrus finish livens things up on the end.
Makes an interesting contrast with the J.J. Prüm bottling from the same site, weighing in at a full 1.5% less in finished alcohol, and showing mineral-inflected passion fruit flavors and a touch of vanilla. The sweetness is finely balanced by mouthwatering acidity on the finish.
Here's a lively, youthful Valpolicella with a strong element of blueberry muffin dough that gives the wine a thick, chewy personality. The wine delivers lingering sweetness and chewy tannins with cherry fruit flavors. Imported by W.J. Deutsch & Sons.
Spicy, and medium bodied, this has a smoky, spicy nose that recalls charred earth, graphite, black currant and cedar. The smoky quality carries to the palate, along with mature blackberry, allspice, licorice and clove. Firm but fine-grained tannins and fresh acidity provide an uplifting framework.
Lifting aromas of orange blossom, night jasmine and pear lead the way. On the palate, there is a salty character along with freshly cut kiwi, exotic spice and a tad of bitter greens on the finish.
Schug's regular Pinot, as opposed to their Heritage Reserve, is a dependably village-style expression of easy-drinking, cool-climate Pinot Noir. The '06, like previous vintages, shows a silky, delicate texture framing cherry, raspberry and cola flavors, with a smoky vanilla edge of oak.
Awesomely rich and forward with cherry and raspberry jam, chocolate and spice flavors, this high-alcohol wine fortunately is balanced with adequate acidity, firm tannins and even a hit of minerals. But the overall impression is of soft fruitiness. It's mainly Syrah, with small quantities of Grenache and Mourvèdre.
A blend of the best grapes from the vintage, this is a powerful, oak-aged wine. Concentrated, rich and still showing signs of vanilla from the wood, it slowly reveals its great black fruits and acidity. With firm tannins at the end, the wine will need more time. Drink from 2019.
Typically fragrant, with floral aromas vying with mildly green notes of lime and lychee. Feels tangy and downright citric, with lemon, orange, lime and green apple flavors. Cleansing and acidic on the finish, with lemony snap.
This is one of two terroir-based wines from Masson-Blondelet, coming from very minerally soil. It is fresh, taut, tight and packed with poised fruit. The acidity, green fruit flavors and the structure all suggest a wine which will age well. Imported by Grape Expectations (CA).
Barnard Griffin's über-reserve, this extremely limited offering is a Bordeaux-style blend, produced from old vines at one of Washington's founding vineyards. A spicy, peppered candy note in the nose precedes juicy pomegranate fruit, toasted walnuts, mocha and more.
Made only in exceptional vintages, and in minuscule amounts at that, this estate-grown concoction is gorgeous, big, bold and sizable in terms of fruit and oak, with a bite of leathery tannin midway through the full body that softens on the finish. Complicated and concentrated, it also offers a seizure of minerality and lushness that's divine. Drink now through 2022.
This edition of the Spinner is 50% Merlot, 37% Syrah and 13% Malbec. It's scented with leaf and raisin, streaked with smoke and baking spices, and offers up a medium-bodied midpalate with a mix of black cherry, currants and pomegranate. Fine for near-term drinking.
A perfumed nose of violet, black cherry and cedar give this Syrah-Mavroudi blend a seductive start. On the palate, black fruit and spice flavors are balanced, but not overly complex. A solid everyday red with indigenous appeal, and a great match for pasta with red sauces, pizza or steak.
Here's a vintage Extra Dry Prosecco (most producers omit the vintage date, with the exception of wines such as this, marked “Millesimato”), with many layers of sweet aromas that resemble peachy fruit, white flowers and honey.
Aromas of golden raisins, fig, licorice and vanilla lead to full-feeling dark-fruit flavors, with the tannins bringing a sense of grittiness. Time might smooth things, but the aromas already seem a bit dried out.
Lovingston's medium-bodied Bordeaux Blend is pleasantly grapy on the nose with an undertone of darkly toasted oak, nuts and savory spices. The palate holds a decent amount of black fruit, but with a green, underripe vein and fairly high level of acidity and tannins.
This is Gerhard Pittnauer's entry-level wine, and delicious it is, all juicy fruit with just a modicum of wood. The red fruits are vibrant, ripe, open and friendly. Great barbecue material.
Riverbero is a rich and sophisticated wine with layers of ripe fruit, spice, bay leaf, exotic spice, curry and cigar box. The texture is soft and plush and there's a hint of crushed black pepper at the end that gives the wine a vibrant, lively finish.
This Carneros Chardonnay shows ripe flavors of peaches, pears, green apples and tropical fruits, with hints of dried herbs. The acidity is bright and mouthwatering. Drink this polished wine now, but not too cold.
A blend of 60% Prokupac and 40% Cabernet Sauvignon this Serbian wine smells of red cherry and blackberry. It is full bodied, while tasting of black cherry and blackberry. The finish is fruit filled with a touch of leather.
Strained, jumbled aromas of mustard, horseradish and green grass fail in many ways. This feels wide, edgy and tartaric, and thus overall balance is shaky. High acidity creates a sense of sourness, while this Tannat from Salta finishes choppy and acidic.
A vineyard along the Silverado Trail in Napa, not far from the winery, Grande was planted in 1920 and is still farmed by the original farmer's family, Dorothy and Tony Rossi. Here, it offers structure and elegance despite a brooding weight and power, the flavors leaning toward blackberry and licorice.
This is roughly 50-50 Cabernet and Merlot. The challenge for the Clore designate is to establish a specific personality apart from the winery's many other superpremium red blends. This seems like a rather ordinary wine. It's sound and good, but does not rise to a higher level.
A deeply tawny gold color, this offers slightly oxidized, dusty peach and pear fruit, with a bit of residual sugar (20g/L) to round off the rough edges. Drink now through the end of 2017.
This rich, juicy yet elegant bottling from an old vineyard in west Paso Robles boasts black currant and rosebud aromas. The palate is textural and lithe, with tangy black plum and blackberry flavors. This has the bones to grow into an impressive wine in the years to come.
Here's a softly smooth, polished Cabernet for drinking now. Blended with 20% Merlot, it has approachable flavors of berries, mocha, cassis and toasty oak.
Marked by two things, a very great spiciness and a robust body, this Zin comes from vines that are more than 80 years old. The crushed black pepper, anise and cinnamon notes frame soft, jammy flavors of berries and chocolate. Good price for a Zin this interesting.
Silky and fresh, this bright sparkler delivers aromas and flavors of ripe apple, Bartlett pear and creamy white peach. Tangy acidity and a foaming perlage provide the polished backdrop.
Menthol, toast and modest berry offset a stern and firmly tannic wine that needs more time in the cellar. Wood notes tend to obscure the fruit and the finish is dry and somewhat astringent. Imported by Vineyard Brands.
Laser-edged mineral tones cut a crystalline edge through this bristling, honey-kissed Kabinett. Equal parts sweet and tart, it packs a punch of crisp tangerine and lemon refreshment.
Slightly oily and lemony on the nose, but there's also some sauvage character along with berry aromas. The palate can be best described as “juicy,” which means the acidity is fairly high and the extract level not all that thick. And with red berry and plum flavors in front of a short finish, this one is ready to drink now.
This is an extremely well balanced Riserva (with 15% Merlot in the blend) that plays with various elements—fruit, toast and mineral—extremely well. In appearance, it is a muscular, brooding wine and in the mouth it exhibits dense extraction and loads of rich, velvety fruit.
Bright, brisk acidity saves the day with this Chardonnay, giving it a zesty crunch and making the pineapple, orange and oak flavors, which are pretty sweet, taste drier than they really are. An easy-drinking Chard at a fair price.
This rich, fruity Cabernet comes from one of the higher mountain regions in Dry Creek Valley. It's enormously concentrated in blackberry, black currant and oak flavors, with the briary, peppery note so often found in Dry Creek reds. Fairly tannic, it leaves a trail of astringency after you swallow. Good, if a little rustic. Give it three or four years to come around.
Rubbery and overly woody, and the palate really burns along with high acidity and short, staccato fruit flavors. Zesty and challenging throughout; it just doesn't push the right buttons given its reserve status and price.
Moncalvina is a soapy, creamy expression of Moscato d'Asti that delivers sweet pulses of stone fruit, honey, acacia, melon and pressed flowers. Pair it with fruit-based desserts such as peach pudding, apple pie or custard.
Tasted alongside the winery's Family Reserve, there was almost no detectable difference between the two wines. Same aromas; same fruit profile; same piercing acidity in the middle. But this Limited Edition bottling seems to have a tiny bit more roundness, a touch more complexity to the cassis and olive flavors, and a little more balance from front to back.
Aromas of lush black cherries, coffee grinds and darkly toasted oak meld effortlessly in winemaker Roman Roth's powerful Long Island Merlot. After 21 months in French oak, the wine is smooth as silk yet intensely focused with a rich fruit palate accented by hints of forest floor and bramble, velvety soft tannins and a balanced astringency. Lovely all around.
Deep and delicious, with an earth-driven nose that conveys quality. Chunky plum pervades the chewy, dark palate, which offers a gorgeous mouthfeel and admirable depth. Only on the finish do you get a slight hint of oak. Overall it's entirely solid and very likable, but as good as it is, it's not quite on the level of the '98 or '99, which were amazing.
An intriguing nose combines dried and baked apple with a far more floral notes. The dry palate accentuates the apple at one moment and sprays of honeysuckle and jasmine on the next. This is fragrant, dry and summery, concentrated and totally refreshing. A wine for special moments of joy.
Named after an ancestor of the present owners who became a Catholic saint, this wine comes from a vast aristocratic estate northeast of Lisbon. It's dense and fruity, full of tannins and dark plum flavor. Spicy and perfumed, it's drinkable now but will be better from 2018.
This is a subtle, svelte and elegant wine, floral in rose petals and violet, the crisp, bright red fruit leaning more toward cranberry and pomegranate than juicy strawberry. With the oak and acidity well-integrated, it provides a seamless, delicious experience, touched by a taste of black tea on the finish.
Old-vine Grenache (80%, the balance is Syrah) aged in old oak casks has resulted in a wine textured like heavy cream or velvet, with the merest hints of vanilla and cedar to the cherry fruit. Lingers elegantly on the finish.
There's a crushed nut aroma on the nose of this bottling, along with sour tangerine and chamomile. Dried lemons and lime peels show on the sip, which is bitter with pithy flavors and framed with a bit of acidic zip.
Freshness and a bit of tannic bite lend some character to this well-behaved, attractively fruity red wine. That touch of tannin—very typical and welcome in Cabernet Sauvignon—lends some grip in the texture to help this wine wash down your food. The wine conveys a balanced taste impression overall.
Wonderfully clean and pure, with aromas of peaches, limes and wet stones. On the palate, there's soft, ripe stone fruit, but also powerful citrus notes to provide focus. Finishes dry and tart, crisp and refreshing. Imported by Broadbent Selections, Inc.
From one of the most famous vineyard slopes in Sancerre, the wine is tight, structured and still young. It has great potential with rich citrus, herbs and green fruit flavors. Along with the tense, mineral texture, the wine has both concentration and aging ability. Drink from 2019.
Savory spice and earth tones on the nose fade into superripe flavors of mango, peach and orange on this fleshy, sweet Riesling. Piercing lemon acidity lends levity and verve to the palate before wrapping up the tart-sweet finish nicely.
This is an orange wine, fermented in open tanks. Flavors of oranges and dried fruits are shot through with acidity. The wine has a tight texture as well as spice and hints of its wood aging. Drink from 2017.
Bright and straightforward, this Nero d'Avola shows cherry, plum, toasted pistachio notes, with a fresh touch of wild fennel.
One of the best Zinfandels of the vintage. This wine is exuberant in wild berry, briary, brambly nettle, cola, red currant, licorice and bacon flavors, with Zin's peppery spiciness. The alcohol is very high, so drink carefully, but that's what it took to make a wine this distinctive.
Pretty standard stuff, making it something of a disappointment in an Erste Gewächs context. Petrol notes upfront, followed by honey, pear and citrus fruit and a long, mineral-inflected finish. It's good, but this sample didn't sparkle.
The scents and flavors are dominated by chocolate, right from the start. The mouthfeel is tight, and herbal notes come up ahead of the light red fruit. Whole cluster fermentation was employed, perhaps accounting for the woody accents in the tannins.
Vegetal aromas outmuscle the wine's green fruit character. A plump, round mouthfeel offers only mild acidity, while the vegetal essence returns on the palate, with sulfuric bitterness on the finish.
This is perfumed and fruity, with notes of raisins, prunes and bitter chocolate that are supported by solid tannins. For aging over 2-3 years.
Too unripe to earn a higher score, this Cab shows stemmy, mint-green flavors that overwhelm the modest cherries and blackberries.
Peach, apricot, honey-roasted almonds and peanut brittle form a well-balanced, delicate dessert wine with bright freshness and lingering tones of mature peach. Pair with tarts, aged cheeses or drink it alone.
A smooth, everyday Cabernet-Merlot blend with style. Aromas of sweet cedar, warming spices and cherry are followed by smooth, integrated flavors of the same character. A great cohort to BBQ, steaks or beef stew.
Sharp and spicy, this is a high-acid, stainless-steel-fermented wine, with a green berry note and a hint of melon.
Heavy oak gives this Tempranillo from Zamora an inky, resiny, charred set of aromas. Its muscular palate is softened somewhat by creamy oak. Woody mocha, blackberry, vanilla and spice flavors linger into the finish, feeling rich but also punchy and tannic. Drink through 2024.
A fine bottle, fresh and fruity, with cranberry, raspberry and cherry fruit in abundance. It's got depth and vitality, a youthful verve that promises fine ageability. Aged in 28% new French oak, it is just barely kissed with toast and mocha. A wonderful value.
Light and freshly crisp, this has a good mix of red fruits and tangy acidity. It's so light both in color and flavor, bright at the end and delicious.
Toasty and black as midnight on the nose, this has mineral-driven, tight-grained oak, with a blackberry aroma that won't quit. It feels deep, dense and saturated on multiple levels, with black fruit flavors leading the charge, followed by clove and hickory accents. Warm, long and driving on the finish. Drink 2014–2020. Just over 100 cases and magnums made.
This relative newcomer from near Pisa is three-fourths Sangiovese and the remainder Merlot, and the mix is delightful. Black-plum aromas are hardened by the background scents of tar and leather, while soft, smooth tannins allow for a chocolaty, soft mouthfeel that steals the show. Rich, sweet and smooth.
Elegant aromas of blackcurrant and black cassis combine with German-chocolate cake and concentrated violet oil scents on the nose of this bottling. It is soft and full on the palate, where mouth-coating tannins present flavors of earthy loam, black cherry and hint of burnt caramel on the finish.
Brooding aromas of purple fruit, apple and spice are followed by brawny dark fruit flavors. The tannins bring a firm squeeze.
The scent of freshly cut green and red apple is followed by the spicy taste of burnt caramel and brought together with zesty citrus. The finish is dry and clean-cut.
Here's an earthy expression of Nebbiolo with inviting aromas of black fruit, leather and spice. You'll also get a slight hint of red beets and wild mushroom but the wine keeps all these diverse sensations in tight check. Firm tannins and good density mark the close.
Fits the mold of a basic Barossa Cabernet, with just a whiff of dried herbs accenting plum, cassis and mocha flavors. It's broad and a bit soft in texture, finishing creamy and supple. Drink now.
Red Chassagne-Montrachet used to be found more than white in the past. This wine has a ripe, earthy character that brings out structure and tannin as well as strawberry fruits. It has a juicy as well as smoky character with spice and solid tannins in the background. Drink from 2019.
A touch of oak brings some smoky, vanilla flavors to this wine, but the real stars are the tangerines, Asian pears, Meyer lemons and honeysuckle. The wine is rich, but brightened with brilliant acidity.
Ordinary but well made. The nose is snappy and shows lime scents, while the palate is tight and crisp, with dryness, green melon, citrus and pithy notes. Doesn't run that long on the finish, but for a quaffer you can't go wrong. Drink now.
Sweet vanilla, buttered toast and caramel dominate this Chardonnay. It does have some peach and tropical fruit flavors, and is nicely smooth and creamy, but the oak stands out.
This rich and strongly aromatic bottling shows marshmallow, cotton candy and banana cream on the nose. The palate picks up a freshness and flinty character, with rounded, ripe flavors of honeysuckle and lemon cream. The strong acidity and grippy texture keep the wine in line.
On the nose, tropical fruit aromas are cloaked in creamy, toasty oak. It feels full and round, with flavors of sweet pear, banana and a lot of resiny wood. The finish features walnut, vanilla and cream flavors.
This is a blend of Sauvignon Blanc, Pinot Grigio, Gewürztraminer and Semillon. It's nicely crisp in acids, with sweet, jammy pineapple, apricot, peach, vanilla and cinnamon spice flavors. Good with Asian fare, or with fresh fruit.
Very sweet, with flavors of honey, apricot jam, orange essence and smoky vanilla. There's lots of good acidity to make it clean. Could be more concentrated, though.
Bright aromas of ripe golden apple, Bartlett pear and honeydew melon carry over to the linear palate. Vibrant acidity gives this clean, refreshing finish.
Leans toward the modern style, with plenty of oak, bacon and plum on the bouquet. Quite upright and balanced throughout, with cherry, raspberry, cola and brown sugar for flavors. A thorough, heartily oaked Tempranillo with purity and style. Almost at the top echelon.
A simple, fruit-driven rosé, with strawberry, peach and citrus notes of modest intensity. This medium-bodied wine displays a slightly chalky note on the crisp finish.
The wine, a blend of 90% Merlot with 10% Cabernet Franc, is structured, showing plenty of tannins. The fruit is bright with some attractive acidity coming from the black-currant flavors. The wine needs a little time, so drink from 2018.
Made in the Aussie Shiraz style, a sharply jammy wine with sweet-and-sour Lifesaver candy flavors of blackberries, cherries and cola.
Notes of fresh cherry and raspberry are peppered with hints of tomato leaf and bramble on this savory wine. It's full bodied on the palate, but touches of cranberry give it a brisk, refreshing feel. It finishes with soft, yet slightly astringent tannins.
92-94 Powerful, very juicy in style, with toasty new wood flavors mingling with the the very ripe fruits. The wine has a bitter, extracted edge that will probably soften with further wood aging.
Sourced from the family's Animo Vineyard atop Atlas Peak, this Cab comes from the highest-elevation blocks on the vineyard, some 1,350 feet up. Ripe plum fruit flavors surround savory elements of black tea, the structure well-honed and age-worthy through 2020–2025.
Nearing the age of four years, this Cabernet remains hefty in tannins, but it's not undrinkable, because those tannins are soft and lush. In fact, they're an integral part of the network that makes the wine so interesting, which also includes the classic Cabernet flavors of blackberries and cassis. Drink this elegant wine over the next six years.
This wine has lots going for it. It's bone dry and clean, with bright, perky flavors of chamomile tea, sour lemon candy, vanilla, wildflowers, and something rich and exotic, like sweet dates. A great job at a versatile, complex young wine, and easy to find, with 130,000 cases produced.
This light and fruity wine is fresh with lemon and light minerality. It is ready to drink, with its bright acidity and pear and apple aftertaste.
Crusty and peppery aromas blend with wild berry and herbal scents to create a very nice opening. The palate is tight and healthy, with black currant, dark cherry and plum flavors. Despite controlled herbal notes, this is very good Merlot for the money.
Steady and balanced with a consistent lineup of fruit, spice and tobacco-like aromas, this fresh Chianti Classico makes a very friendly dinner companion. There's a touch of acidity and bitter almond that would match foods based on butter or cream.
The extra dry version of Besserat's prestige cuvée is a certainly bone dry. But there is richness as well, so that it offers the hints of yellow fruits as well as crisp apple skin. It has bottle age with a toasty edge that gives further depth. All in all, an attractive, ready-to-drink Champagne that deserves food to bring out its best.
A terrific wine that proves you don't have to spend a fortune for a top-flight Napa Valley Cabernet. It's a deeply flavored, brooding young wine, filled with exciting blackberry, cassis and mineral flavors. Big in tannins, yet with a very refined, classy mouthfeel, it should begin to hit its stride after 2014.
A firm wine, dry in style. The fruit is under the tannins, bitter chocolate, dark and brooding. If the spirit wasn't too obvious on the the finish, this would be an impressive wine.
Offers perfumed floral/minerally notes on the nose. The palate deals citrus and dust flavors that aren't very detailed. A fine quaff. Imported by Pernod Ricard USA.
While soft on the nose with a generous dose of cooked black fruit, Jamesport's Bloc E is surprisingly crisp and lean on the palate. Pristine red fruit shines amidst layers of mocha, spice and forest floor, finishing on a grippy, darkly toasted wood note.
And now for something completely different, this wine explodes in whole-cluster, carbonic freshness and surprise. It's a light cerebral take on the variety that delights at every turn. Stainless-steel fermented and aged, it's loaded in raspberry and cherry-jam flavors and dipped in black licorice. It's fresh, fruity and entirely memorable.
A lush, smooth and frankly delicious Syrah that exhibits the only-in-California style. Fruit doesn't get much riper than this bottle of blueberries and chocolate. But with finely ground tannins and good acidity, it has proper structure. Drink over the next two years for freshness.
This fills out the reserve line at 14 Hands, done much in the same style as the Reserve Merlot and the Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon. Here the fruit flavors lean toward berry rather than cassis or plum, and a dash of milk chocolate adds a bit of interest to the finish.
Fruity and herbal all at once with aromas of kirsch and black cherry competing with notes of wet forest floor and wild game. Lightweight and drinkable with a clean, fruit-driven finish.
Chapoutier's biggest cuvée of Hermitage is the relatively affordable Monier de Sizeranne, a smoky, spicy rendition that's a pretty classic rendition. Peppery notes accent the raspberry, cherry and red fruit flavors that finish with crisp acids. Nicely done, with silky tannins on the finish. Drink now–2015.
Creamy earthiness joins the yellow stone fruit on nose and palate, making for a toned-down but full-fruited, generously rounded Gewurztraminer. The structure provided by pithy, pleasantly bitter notes leaves a lasting, refreshing impact.
It's rare to get a twenty buck Pinot Noir this good. The wine is dry, silky and elegant, almost faultless in its precision. With savory cherry, red licorice, cola and sandalwood flavors, it's not an ager, but a very pretty wine for drinking now.
Ripe and full, soft in texture and rich. The wine has spice along with the red apple, apricot and sweet strawberry flavors. The softness takes the dryness away.
Toasted oak, pressed flower, exotic spice and aromatic herb aromas emerge on this firmly structured wine. The mature palate doles out dried black cherry, iron, coffee, sage and anise accompanied by close grained tannins that give the finish grip. A hint of graphite announces the close.
Highly mineral, with citrus, apple and peach aromas. A touch mute in its flavor profile but still shows enough forward fruit and restrained sweetness to please. Snappy throughout.
Starts with a nutty, almond-like note, then delivers lots of ripe melon flavors in a plump, appealing format. Slightly off-dry, but well balanced, without any cloying sweetness on the finish. Imported by Wimbledon Wine Company.
Pear, pineapple and herb aromas intrigued some tasters, but others found an odd note in this wine's nose. Vanilla, pear, apple and sweet spices mark the medium-weight and round palate. The back end of this wine has tangy wood and a slight chalkiness.
This is gritty smelling, with notes of cement and spice. It feels hard and tannic, with narrow flavors of juniper and herbal berry. Prickly on the finish, with sandpaper tannins.
This is a very beautiful Prosecco sparkler with elegant aromas of wild flowers, dried herbs, soft citrus, peach and pear. The wine is full and generous in the mouth with a long, creamy finish.
This beautifully crisp and fresh wine has great red-berry acidity. Tight and textured, it is dry while balancing fruit and the more steely edge. The bottling is young, so could be aged for six months from purchase, although it is also refreshing to drink immediately.
This Rhône blend (Syrah, Mourvèdre and Grenache) from Lebanon's Bekaa Valley has sylvan aromas on top of a base of plum and raspberry jam. It's full bodied, with a bit of grip to the palate and some prune character showing through on the medium finish.
This wine opens with a confectionary nose, slowly unleashing its thick, concentrated richness of dark cherry and cassis on the palate. Between the layers are grippy tannins and shakes of meaty leather and black pepper. This could stand some time in a decanter or swirling in the glass before enjoying.
With its fine tannins and touch of acidity to lift the berry fruits, this is a stylish, wood-aged wine. It is ready to drink with its spice and ripe fruit character.
Gritty, roasted, oaky aromas out-muscle this Garnacha's fruit scents. A solid but aged mouthfeel and flavors of earthy, spicy plum and tomato finish desiccated and flat. Drink immediately.
This wine has a dark chocolate character that shows how it has been extracted, masking the juicy fruits and giving dark, dry tannins. It should soften, although a wine like this should be more about fruit than structure.
This is a light, crisp, simple 100% expression of the variety. It shines best in its aromas of honeysuckle and peach.
Made with 95% Malvasia delle Lipari and 5% Corino Nero grapes that are sun dried on reed mats, this opens with aromas of dried fruit, Spanish broom, oregano and Mediterranean brush. The palate delivers toast, golden raisin, dried apricot and a hint of chestnut honey.
This is redolent of red cherry, spice, leather and dried apple skin, with a sharp touch of medicinal herb on the finish.
Appealing aromas of berry and pepper spice lead this likeable Merlot from Romania. Integrated but somewhat simple, the wine nontheless has an overall elegant character and tannins with enough chew to temper aging. An interesting choice from an emerging (to the U.S.) wine region.
Fresh and light; the grapefruit and gooseberry aromas and flavors are tinged with capsicum and green peas. The residual sugar is noticeable, at 6-7 g/L, but balanced by brisk acidity.
Lemondrop, buttered toast and vanilla cream flavors mark this soft, opulent Chardonnay. It becomes a little cloying on the finish.
Juicy, leathery and earthy on the palate, this is a densely extracted blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Malbec and Petit Verdot. It presents dry, lengthy tannins and a rusticity of dusty clove, finishing lean and restrained.
Josef Gritsch's vineyards are in Spitz at the western, cool end of the Wachau. So although this a richer, Smaragd style of wine, it is still crisp, cool and fresh. The green fruits dominate, with just a hint of sweeter spiced pineapple.
Serious wines from a tiny inland appellation in Catalonia—that's Abadal, a maker of true terroir wines that succeed way more often than they disappoint. This blend of Cab Sauvignon, Cab Franc and Syrah is minerally and full of red fruit and vanilla aromas. The palate is husky but correct, with full tannins, a kick of acidity and pure, ripe berry flavors. Even from a tough vintage it justifies its selected status.
Masterfully puckering tannins greet the palate, challenging the taster to discern the hidden waves of blueberry, vanilla and black licorice behind the wall. Full-bodied, it needs plenty of time and air before enjoying.
Temptingly ripe aromas and flavors make this a very generous wine. It also has some complexity due to a slight earthy, savory accent in the aroma that returns on the finish. Medium to full bodied, it will pair well with robust, meaty dishes and will be perfect for sipping after a meal.
This is an untamed traditional-style wine that is tannic to its core and may require 20 years to reach its peak of enjoyment. It has aromas of blackberry and black pepper, flavors of espresso and bitter chocolate and a titanic structure built with layer after layer of muscular tannins that leave quite an astringent effect on the finish. Best after 2025.
Not disappointing given the price. There's some toast and tropical fruit on the nose, and then pineapple and mango flavors. The acidity runs a bit sharp, but overall this is a reasonable, warm-climate, tropical Chard for the money.
Ripe berry, subtle herb and slight earth notes combine to produce an elegant, complex wine with beautiful balance. The palate offers solid flavors and texture and the wine finishes well, with decent length and berry, cocoa and toast elements.
Young and bouncy, and that's to be expected from this type of juvenile Tempranillo. However, should you like full-fruit young wines with force and no oak, it's not at all bad. Expect juicy black cherry and other runaway flavors.
Weight and a mealy character combine with bath soap aromas on the nose. This is pulpy in feel, with flavors of generic citrus and lychee. The finish is fresh at first and then turns hollow.
Here's a dark, big, tannic and rather ponderous Pinot Noir. It could almost be Grenache, it's so heavy. Shows good cherry fruit, with a sweet cover of smoky oak. Seems best now.
Normally I'm a fan of Juvé y Camps. This bottling is bland on the nose, with a cleaning-solution aroma. The palate is foamy in feel and short in flavor, with a strange blend of bitter lettuce, brine and green herbs. Frankly, it's not up to par, a possible reflection of the below-average 2008 vintage.
Made predominantly of Sangiovese grapes, this easygoing wine offers inviting violet and red berry aromas. The straightforward palate delivers raspberry and spiced cranberry notes, with a polished tannic structure. Drink soon.
This is an easy-going Merlot, at a very affordable price with a brilliant ruby appearance and simple aromas of berry fruit, cedar, spice and leather. The wine has a short, no-fuss finish and ends with crisp freshness.
This is a simple, red-fruit-flavored wine. It has soft tannins, a bright texture and fresh aftertaste. Drink now.
This is a floral, mineral wine, both tight and exuberant in its perfumed character. Green apple and spices combine with the textured character of this balanced wine—lively, fruity and with fine acidity. It comes in a bottle that was common in the Victorian era, slightly narrower at the base.
The latest Artist Series Cab is mostly old vine Champoux vineyard fruit, and displays single-vineyard character as a result. Big, powerful, full, round black cherry fruit grabs the center, just on the edge of jammy, supported with juicy acidity. This wine is still quite young and edgy, but will reward cellaring over a decade or more, as is usually the case with Woodward Canyon Cabs.
Stainless-steel fermented, this crisp, thirst-quenching wine is fruity, floral and highly inviting, focused in well-defined flavors of tangerine and lemon. High in acidity without ever pushing too far, it remains complex and textured on the palate, finishing with a memorable tang.
This is neutral on the nose except for green banana and white grapefruit hints. It feels melony, with flavors that match the mouthfeel in the form of melon and nectarine. This is flabby on the finish, needing more cut and zest.
Pietro Clementi's fresh Ripasso is redolent of cherry liqueur, exotic spice, leather and tobacco. The wine is plush and rich with a very soft and velvety quality of tannins. That said, this is an easy no-fuss wine at heart. —M.L.
Leafy gritty earthy berry aromas are spicy. This feels rugged but fresh, with a tolerable but strong tannic grip. Plum, boysenberry, chocolate, blackened toast and peppercorn flavors finish leafy, with firm tannins.
This is a generous wine with fine potential. Its rich red fruits and acidity are contrasted with dense tannins and spice from the wood aging. It will be slow but sure to develop into a delicious wine. Drink from 2021.
Oily and rich, yet smooth, deep and woodsy. In a word, it has it all. The tight palate offers ripe blackberry and boysenberry flavors, while the finish is seductively secure, with chocolate and truffle notes. It still has a fair amount of wood on it, but that stretches out the finish. Will cellar well for another four or five years.
A healthy portion of new oak blends beautifully with the variety's inherent tannins in this full-bodied wine. The two influences meld with each other rather than pile on. It has that sweet-seeming oak perfume, like cedar, vanilla and cinnamon, followed by vivid red cherry and raspberry flavors with new leather accents that linger through the finish.
Though it's a niche variety in the state, Carmenère has always been a flagship wine for this winery. This one is all varietal, with aromas of herbs, freshly cut green and jalapeño peppers. It coats the palate with dark fruit and savory flavors.
This is mildly herbal and dilute on the nose, but not unappealing. It feels medium in body, with a timid structure and simple red-berry flavors that taste slightly sweet. Fresh and mild as a whole.
Fruit for this pristine white wines comes from old, head-trained vines on the tiny island of Mozia off the southern coast of Sicily. Packed tight with archeological remains, the island is managed by the Whitaker Foundation and this wine is part of a larger project to revive ancient viticulture and winemaking traditions. It's an excellent story and a wonderful wine.
This delicate wine exudes swathes of lemon chiffon and white flowers, offering similar experiences on the palate. Staying light in oak, it has texture and body to spare, without ever overpowering, making for a food-friendly, versatile wine.
Stick this in a blind tasting with Pinot Noir and you might not be able to tell the difference. That's because it's a lighter-bodied Zin, and also because Pinots these days are heavier and riper. It has a silky texture, with rich, long-lasting flavors of cherries, raspberries, licorice, vanilla, wintergreen and cinnamon spice.
This is a red pét-nat wine made using the old sparkling method in which the wine is given its first and only fermentation in bottle. It's a simple method that produces large bubbles. It is stalky with acidity and a smoky character that contrasts with red fruits. The aftertaste is crisp and fresh.
This is rather dark in color and full-bodied for a Pinot Noir. In fact, you might mistake it for Grenache, with its full-throttle cherry, red currant and mocha flavors, not to mention the tannins. You can criticize it for being non-varietal, but it's delicious.
This offers an aromatic core of blackberry, cherry and plum notes that are offset by tobacco, leather and brown-spice accents. A touch of prune surfaces on the lush, round palate, and the acids stand out on the cherry-skin-flavored finish.
Firm and structured, this is a densely rich wine for aging. Firm tannins dominate its ripe black fruit, lending notes of spice, licorice and toast from the wood. It needs several years of aging to round out—give it four years at least.
This is a crisp, really fruity wine with a light touch of wood from the six months of barrel aging. It is ripe, lightly herbal balancing citrus flavors with riper yellow fruits. Drink now.
One of a growing family of California whites that marry unrelated varietals, this is a rich, complex and delightful example, with a menagerie of flavors. The blending of Semillon, Sauvignon Blanc, Chardonnay and Viognier yields everything from apples, peaches and grapefruit to flowers and honey. Slightly sweet, though protected by a racy acidity. The result is a lot of fun. But because the flavors are strong, it's best matched with the right foods. Smoked fish comes to mind; also fruity salsa toppings.
A blend of grapes from Filipa Pato's vineyards in Bairrada and Dão, very aromatic, with a smooth, silky texture. The wine shows ripeness, sweet berries and perfumed black currant, violets and licorice.
Oak, toast, roasted coffee bean and wild berry aromas lead the nose. Tightly wound tannins dominate the taut palate, framing dried red cherry and chopped herb while leaving a firm, drying finish. Drink 2018–2023.
This is an impressively ripe and solidly fruity wine. Blending mainly Tannat with Cabernet Franc and Cabernet Sauvignon, it is certainly structured. But it is the brilliant black fruit that gives this wine its real character and density. It is impressive, and obviously made for the long haul. Drink from 2021.
Here's a fascinating blend of Procanico, Verdello, Grechetto, Drupeggio, Malvasia, Chardonnay and Riesling that offers a crisp, bright bouquet redolent of citrus, white flower, papaya and peach. Pair this wine with spicy Indian food or fresh pasta salad.
Smoke, leather and game aromas mix with blackberry, while the palate is juicy, with plenty of crispness. Like many A-F wines, Quimera, a blend of Malbec, Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cab Franc and Petit Verdot, is tangy and lively. Flavors of red currants and cherry have a high-toned personality, and the finish is bold. Drink now through 2014.
A rich and bold wine, structured and concentrated. This is packed with black plum fruits, ripe damsons and sweet tannins. There's a great juicy element, that brings in the acidity as well as some spice from wood aging.
90-92 Barrel sample. A big, rich wine, with lively fresh citric balance, enrobed in swathes of ripe apricots, and a touch of wood spice.
Hews to an Aussie-style Shiraz, meaning it's a big, young, brightly jammy wine with impertinent blackberry and cherry flavors. You can't call it complex, but it's fun, brash and easy.
Curtis aims at maximum extraction and succeeds with this wildly fruity Syrah. It's explosive in blackberries, currants and plums, with notes of black pepper, dark chocolate and roasted meats, sweetened with oak. Rich in tannins, it's made for drinking now.
There's a lot to like on this bold, fragrant wine, starting with aromas of leather, scorched earth, grilled herb and ripe black-skinned fruit. The hearty palate offers mouthfuls of juicy black cherry, raspberry jam, licorice, vanilla and cinnamon framed in robust, velvety tannins. The fruit richness seamlessly offsets the hefty abv. Drink 2018–2025.
Barrel-fermented in neutral wood, this gives a quick whiff of buttered croissant, then dives into a moderately ripe palate with lime, pineapple and lemon rind. It's an all-purpose and appealing wine that is drinking nicely right now.
Not too dissimilar from an Italian Moscato d'Asti, this offers exotic scents of oranges and tropical fruit. It's a bit sweet, but balanced in part by the bubbles. This would be great at brunch, or served on its own.
A little sweet and one-dimensional, with candied flavors of raspberries and limes.
Dark plum and milk chocolate are the stars of this chalky, soft wine, almost entirely varietal, with a splash of Petit Verdot. Integrated oak helps make it approachable and fruit-forward, while the finish is subtle in fireplace smoke.
The 2005 vintage was exceptional, and this wine reflects the richness of the year while still preserving a fine fruity character. Fruit flavors range from pineapple to peach, with a fine line of acidity to cut through it all.
Brichet is a soft and plump Barbera with loads of red cherry, chocolate fudge and cinnamon. It's fun, rich and easy to drink. Pair it with meatloaf or lamb chops.
“Sangue Blu,” which translates to “blue blood,” offers sun-drenched aromas of ripe fruit and rum cake that are backed by tobacco and sweet Indian spice notes. The mouthfeel is textured, gritty and rich.
A ripe currant- and lime-flavored wine, this is rounded and soft. This full-bodied wine fills the mouth but maintains its delicate crispness. There are good bright highlights of green fruits and fresh acidity.
Simple, open and ready to drink. The nose is floral, with hints of fresh pear. The flavor profile turns to citrus in the form of orange and pineapple, and then comes a full-force but fairly collected finish.   Best Buy.
Here's a traditional and pristine interpretation of Sangiovese Grosso with bright fruit, leather, blue flower and dusty mineral tones at the back. Perfect to pair with red meat or pasta and home made meat sauce, this food-friendly Brunello shows the bright acidity needed to cut through those foods.
Still quite locked up, this wine displays initial aromas of cocoa and vanilla (from 20% new American oak) along with plum, medicine cabinet and raspberry. Sweet fruit flavors are backed by firm tannins and mouthwatering acids.
Herb, pencil lead, plum and vanilla aromas are followed by smooth, soft blue-fruit flavors. It shows a beautiful sense of balance.
In the classic Portuguese tradition, this is a blend of four of the Alentejo's local grapes. Together they give big power and dark tannins. They also offer great black fruits, fresh acidity and a firm, very dry core. The wine needs to soften over the next several years, so drink from 2017.
This very fragrant and floral dessert wine from southern Italy offers aromas of apricot, honey, toasted almond and candied fruit. The mouthfeel is thick and sweet but not over the top and for that reason you can pair this wine with most fruit-based desserts.
A zesty, vibrant Chard, filled with acids, with flavors ranging from ripe citrus to peach. There's very little oak, so the fruit and crispness star. Long, spicy finish, and terrifically food-friendly.
Produced from vines in the Lima Valley in northern Portugal, the home of the Loureiro grape, this light and fruity wine is immediately attractive, with its gentle citrus flavors and intense acidity. Drink this aromatic wine right now.
Dark garnet to the eye, this wine has aromas of black cherry, black raspberry, coffee and freshly ground black pepper. Flavors of height-of-summer cherry, raspberry and baking spice persist on the palate through a finish that is awash in silky tannins.
There's a lot of desert-based flavors to explore and enjoy in this blend, starting with a prominent chaparral underbrush and campfire tone to the nose, followed by the tangy red-plum, smoke, salt and pepper notes. The sip is welcoming and broad, with bright strawberry fruit decorated by licorice, mocha and anise, altogether quite well rounded.
The difference between this and the brand new 2016 is obvious: this is maderized but still good. Aromas of orange blossom are floral, but overall this seems low on crispness. Plump on the palate, this tastes of peach and dried melon. A soft finish with a white-pepper character says drink right away.
This wine clocks in at an impressive 15.2% alcohol. As a result, it has a hot finish, but there's no denying the lush, ripe flavors of chocolate, red and black currants and cherry jam. Ready to drink.
This blend combines 70% Monterey County fruit with 26% from Sonoma County and 4% from Santa Barbara County to create a dense expression. Baked black cherry, black-plum pie, vanilla crust and anise show on the nose. The palate offers plum juice and rose petals, proving a bit thick but entirely pleasant.
Dry, acidic and harsh, this wine's cherry-skin flavors have a tannic bitterness. It tastes like an old-style Chianti, without the charm.
Rugged and harsh in the mouth, with very modest berry flavors, and a touch of green, stemmy mint. Not much richness, but it's dry. Half the profits go to charity.
This is an austere, leathery Cabernet with smooth tannins that will take time to move beyond its more earthy, herbal components and share its blackberry fruit. Pair with a steak in the meantime, preferably in a blackberry reduction sauce, which might coax out more of the wine's flavor.
Vibrant aromas of black plum, cassis, dried leather, licorice and herb lead to full, sweet, soft-feeling dark fruit flavors that linger.
This Rhône-style blend—two-thirds Roussanne, the rest divided between Marsanne and Viognier—was made using grapes sourced from the estate Destiny Ridge Vineyard. Intriguing aromas suggest clover, sweet grass and honeysuckle, while the flavors run from stone fruits into hints of light tropical fruits. It's lovely and evocative.
Montecucco is a wonderful, largely unexplored wine territory in coastal Tuscan that makes some of Italy's best super Tuscan blends. This expression sees 70% Sangiovese with Ciliegiolo (for bright berry flavors) and Montepulciano (for darkness and structure). The results show balance and loads of easy berry fruit.
A great, concentrated wine, rich, with a burnt almond character and delicious acidity. It keeps some freshness while showing a fine sense of maturity.
A toasty bouquet of citrus and peach showcases the fermentation in new French oak barrels. The peachy fruit carries accents of citrus and rind, with excellent penetration into a lingering finish.
This smells reedy and like beets blended with mint and other green herbs. The palate has a shrill feel, while the flavors trend toward herbal red plum, salt and oak. A green-leaning finish is choppy and high in acid.
A blend of Grenache and Cinsault, this is as light as its color, with refreshing red-berry fruits and a touch of pepper. The wine dances elegantly and leaves a crisp, bright aftertaste.
While initially a bit smoky and closed on the nose, time and aeration reveal the elegant briar and raspberry aromas of this wine. Made predominantly from Cabernet Franc and Merlot, along with smaller proportions of Cabernet Sauvignon, Malbec and Syrah, it's concentrated in red berry and plum flavors accented by savory herb and bramble.
Banfi's Chianti Classico Riserva is easy to drink thanks to its bright flavors of wild berry, almond, cola and blue flower. It's a medium-bodied wine with cooling freshness that would pair well with white meat, ham or stuffed pasta like ravioli or lasagna.
A wine on the lean side, relatively light, with tannins tight and firm. It has some initial easy berry flavors, but they are followed by a dry aftertaste.
There is a perfumed, spicy quality to this wine, with hints of nutmeg and allspice. The wine is rich and full in the mouth, but with a great streak of contrasting acidity. It really needs to be aged for a year to bring out all its qualities.
Damp and furry on the nose, this is all tannins and scratch. High acidity only contributes to the grating mouthfeel, hence it's a bumpy ride where standard berry flavors are a sideshow. Chento 2012 is a better bet if it's still on the shelf.
Meant by the producer to be drunk all year (Quat'Saisons means four seasons), this ripe and rounded wine will go as well with a light summer lunch as with turkey at Thanksgiving. The fruit shows gently, warmly and with just the right amount of fresh acidity.
With an aggressive smell and taste, this Sauvignon Blanc isn't entirely ripe, a victim of the chilly vintage. Although it shows some decent citrus and gooseberry flavors, with clean, tart acidity.
Made with organically cultivated Corvina and Rondinella grapes, this spicy red boasts aromas and flavors of Marasca cherry, clove and ground pepper. It's smooth and juicy, with supple tannins. A tobacco note signals the close.
This is a light wine—light   in fruit, acid and tannins, and light in body. That doesn't mean it doesn't offer a lot of pleasure. It does. It has complex herbal, berry and spice flavors, and it's nicely dry, with a certain richness. It's a great wine for early drinking.
A toasty, smoky wine, with freshening acidity, crisp green and white fruits and an attractive edge of toasty oak. The wine is lively, fresh, delicious, very poised and vibrant.
Edgy aromas of citrus peel, green bean and green tobacco fail to register. The palate feels both flabby and high in acidity, as if it were worked on to not much avail. Tastes herbal and green, with a minty finish.
Here's a cheerful, modern expression of Sangiovese with bold oak-driven notes surrounded by chocolate, espresso and plump blackberry. The nose is sweet smelling and loaded with Christmas spice and the wine offers bright cherry notes on the close.
This shows some of the heat of the 2005 vintage. It is bold and black, with enduring aromas of cherry, prune, leather, spice and licorice. The mouthfeel is smooth and rich.
Full-bodied and resplendent in ripe apple and brioche, this well-crafted wine is layered and smooth. It would pair well with grilled salmon or herb-roasted chicken.
Overt oak and black-fruit aromas are spicy, with an emphasis on clove. This feels wide and blocky, with abrasive tannins. Generic berry flavors are good but oaky, while the finish offers more of the same.
As a Corton-Charlemagne should be, this is big and opulent. The minerality is quite present, a fresh addition to a wine that has more to do with ripe, racy tropical and yellow fruits that fill the mouth. It is not a wine for aging, maybe 2–3 years, but is certainly delicious now.
Amarone Ambrosan opens with lovely tones of plush fruit and savory spice followed by plum cake, cinnamon and sweet bread. This is a deeply layered wine with soft tannins and a blast of bright red cherry on the close. Very nice.
Squeezed lime, tangerine rind and juice and yellow-grapefruit zest show on the sharply citrusy nose of this bottling, which is expertly rounded out by white peach and chalk. Light stone-fruit flavors of nectarine and apple blossom show first on the palate, which is cut by lemon juice and green grapefruit, and warmed up with sea salt, toast and walnut-oil touches.
Gorgeous aromas of toasted bread and caramel give way to a rich, buttery texture and flavors that layer ripe apple, honey, toasted almond and walnut notes on a smooth, softly bubbling background. It's showing the benefits of extra aging through the slightly nutty character, fine bubbles and seemingly sweet feel even though it's elegant and dry.
With its mouthwatering, crisp, fresh fruit flavors and minerality, this wine layers acidity and its tight yellow fruits. It could be austere, but for the rich pineapple and apricot flavors and the full, ripe finish. An impressive wine, it would certainly repay aging.
This spicy and dusty Rhône-Ital blend comes with a little bit of everything: 40% Syrah, 38% Grenache, 7% Mourvèdre, 7% Primitivo, 4% Counoise, 2% Cinsault, 2% Barbera. Not too surprisingly, it lacks a bit of focus, but it's a good pizza wine, just a little diffuse.
The exuberance of this wine, full of ripe black fruits with great acidity, smoky wood and pure flavors, pushes Cuilleron's wines up to a new level. This is a solid, tannic wine which at the same time has vibrancy and great fruit.
This big, rich wine is packed with dark fruit. After eight years, it is now showing maturity with leather tannins, dense structure and juicy black plum-skin flavors. Despite its age, it still shows well, with proper final wood notes, tannins and acidity. Drink now.
Vibrant, tart gooseberry, plum and lime aromas are upfront on the bouquet, with additional hints of sweet grass and honeysuckle dancing in the background. The palate offers bright acidity and crisp citrus flavors. Drink now.
The wine has some of the steely, mineral character of Chablis, while also offering richer toast flavors. It is crisp, a delicious green edge to it, while the structure promises a few years development.
Clean and easy lines of sea salt, pan-fried nectarine, light honeysuckle and a hint of sweet chive show on the nose of this bottling. The rounded mouthfeel brings forth flavors of buttered apples, salted pear slices and lemon curd, and there is a tannic tension that binds it all together.
Here's a rich, opulent wine. It's definitely high in acidity, which gives it a citrusy bite, but that zippiness provides a firm counterpoint to the lush tropical fruit, buttered toast and spice flavors.
A silky, delicate, almost lightweight Pinot Noir, this is a pretty wine, the antithesis of full-bodied and lusty. Yet it still packs in plenty of flavor and complexity, ranging from cola and sassafras to cherries, mushrooms, brown sugar and earth. Drink now.
Caliterra's Tribute series, if this is any example, features pretty heavy oak treatment. Here we're talking sawmill style, meaning the nose is buxom and burnt. In the mouth, wood overshadows fruit. And even when you get to the heart of it, the wine's kind of acidic and sharp.
Bright and rustic, with ripe blackberry, cherry, blueberry, currant, tobacco and cedar flavors. Nice and spicy. Drink now.
Aromas of baked plum, underbrush, grilled herb and mocha lead the nose on this dense, soft wine. The concentrated palate delivers blackberry, black cherry, vanilla, clove and black pepper notes alongside velvety tannins.
Banana, hazelnut cake and hot alcoholic aromas boost this unoaked wine that weighs in at an oversized 15.1%. Despite its coastal San Antonio address, the wine is quite low in acidity and big in ripe pear, banana and vanilla flavors. “Fluffy” is the word that comes to mind in describing this candied New Worlder.
Yet another fruit-powered, lip-smacking Riesling from Trisaetum, this brings a basket of yellow apples, tart limes, pears and a slice of pink grapefruit into perfect harmony. Leesy, textural, long and utterly refreshing, it finishes with a nice kick of bracing acidity.
This is a bit herbal and sweaty, even a little boxwood-pungent. The herbal, leafy flavors are light and refreshing, vanishing too quickly on the finish.
Fresh citrus has a tang of green apple on the nose. The palate colors this with an equally zesty dollop of grapefruit, but something riper, richer, almost of dried fruit, also swings in there. This is intriguing and fresh, zesty and taut, lip-smacking and moreish. I feel that this will give up its secrets with a little more bottle age, but it already is delicious now.
Martin Ranch makes a consistently good Merlot, this one marked by sweet red fruit and licorice, with layers of cinnamon spice. Full-bodied and meaty, its layers are concentrated enough to stand up to steak or hamburgers.
Fermentation was done in a mix of stainless steel and French oak, yielding a soft, accessible, lightly spiced wine. Flavors mix notes of fresh cut grass and celery with melony fruit.
The nose falls somewhere between smoky and gritty, while dusty white-fruit scents prop things up. Peachy acidity and citric tang let you know this is a “nature” Cava, while nectarine, rhubarb and green-herb flavors finish razor crisp and dry.
Aged in a majority of French oak, and sourced from several vineyards, including many estate, this 100% varietal wine displays a subtle nuance of smoky leather, berry bramble and soft, integrated oak. It's rich, yet balanced with a peppery finish.
A tender, floral aroma hovers over the glass in this typical Viennese field blend. The fresh, brightly toned palate sings with a host of flavors: crisp green apple, fragrant grape, zesty citrus and juicy yellow pear. A phenolic, spicy edge gives it depth and appeal. A real glassful of Vienna that's dry and delicious.
A massive wine, firmly structured with dense and powerful tannins. This is a wine for long-term aging, with its dark black fruits and chunky feel. It is still just starting out; cellar for 10 years.
Gorgeous, with a golden apple nose, this wine is voluptuously rich, rewarding and full bodied, with creamy waves of vanilla and melon. Big and bold on the midpalate, it finishes in a twist of salty Meyer lemon. 100% Dijon 95 clone.
If you like that bite of gooseberry and dry, green grass and hay flavors, this is for you. It's dry and tart in acidity, made richer with citrus fruit, white flower and vanilla. Would be great with goat cheese.
A fruit-driven wine, with aromas of dried apples, pineapple and citrus, even a bit of honey. Flavors verge on tropical, but it boasts a creamy texture and a crisp, dry finish. A bit New World in style, but well done. Imported by Pasternak Wine Imports.
Aromas suggesting smoke, dark cooking spice and mature black-skinned fruit emerge on this bracing, robust red. The firmly structured, one-dimensional palate displays evident oak, coconut, espresso, raisin and a hint of tobacco alongside forceful tannins that leave a firm somewhat grainy finish.
Green, unripe vegetal notes se compromise this Pinot Noir. It's dry, crisp and elegantly structured, but the mint and broccoli notes diminish the cherry-berry fruit.
An okay vintage of a typically better wine. The wine is dominated by a nutty, amaretto or liqueurish note, with tangy oak on the finish. There's firm plum fruit and a piquant sweet-tartness that grabs on midpalate, though, that's quite nice. Imported by Foster's Wine Estates Americas.
This is one of South Africa's great Cabernets, a particular success in a difficult vintage. It has all the richness and power, but it combines that with elegance and structure. The tannins are dry, promising good aging, while the acidity comes from ripe black currant and black plum fruits. Age for another five years at least.
Fine, fizzy bubbles make this particularly inviting in the flute. There’s a nice rich creaminess to the mouthfeel, and it hits the palate with good weight and authority. Lemon and vanilla fill the mouth, and lead to a ripe, clean finish with just a touch of licorice for added interest. Best Buy.
Spicy and jumpy on the nose, with pine and juniper notes coming alongside more normal berry and cherry scents. The palate has a severe snappy, citrusy, narrow feel and flavors of cherry, red plum and cherry tomato. Lightly herbal and oaky on the finish, with good length.
This structured wine has subtle aromas of apples, vanilla and toasted notes. These carry over to the linear palate together with pear, mineral, lemon zest and lively acidity. Pair it with baked pasta dishes or grilled chicken.
The Pannobile style is a blend of local varieties, this one dominated by Zweigelt. It's smooth and fruity, with soft tannins. There's a rustic edge to the fruit that gives some complexity. At the end, it's about the fresh berry acidity.
We didn't go crazy over the 2005 and the '06 Sentido is also challenged. It's soft, raisiny and borderline overripe. The flavors are roasted and short, with low acidity, soft tannins and plenty of toast and coffee on the black finish. More baked than vivacious, with some excess weight.
Deep, dusty slate and smoke tones rim the edges of this sleek, laser-edged Kabinett. It's intensely concentrated in lemon and lime flavors, but darkly mineral as well, finishing on sweet-tart hits of citrus and salt. Delicious now, it should only improve over the next decade.
This blend is so oaky and sticky on the nose that it smells like a Hershey's Kiss. The palate is out of balance, with chunky weight and unintegrated acidity. Like the nose, this tastes like a drugstore chocolate bar, while the finish is hot.
A dark and dense wine, this offers richness and a good depth of flavor. Along with its concentrated black plum and damson fruits, it is also strongly structured, ripe and dense. It needs aging, so don't drink before 2018.
There is a vivid pink color on this caramel and ripe fruit-flavored wine. It has weight, probably too much, losing the freshness and acidity. Vanilla and super-ripe strawberries dominate.
Caramelized black plum, teriyaki, pepper and graphite scents combine for a rich, nuanced and inviting nose on this bottling. There is beefy depth to the palate, suggesting roasted meat, hoisin sauce, plum, dried herbs and peppercorn, all unfolding in layers.
Dense, dark aromas of minty oak, blackberry, pencil lead and chocolate set up a broad, hard-bodied palate with firm, gripping tannins. Toasty blackberry and pronounced oak flavors culminate on a big, lush and grabby finish. This is excellent, though a bit bold and burly; drink through 2022.
Fragrant hints of white summer blossom also hold a riper, fruitier, almost tropical promise. The light palate is poised with lemony freshness and more of those enticing aromatic overtones. A perfect, light and utterly appetizing summer wine.
This wine's incredibly distinct nose of pure fruit shows plump raspberries alongside delicate grapeseed, a pinch of baking spice and a whiff of yeast. Though the wine is light in color and frame, the palate shows lots of earth, tobacco smoke, cherry pits, bouquet garni and rosemary, with refreshing wild berry fruit.
This wine comes out of the chute strongly leafy and herbal, with notes of celery and tomato leaves. Despite all those prickly herbal nuances it's fairly richly textured and weighty on the palate and features a potent undercurrent of ripe gooseberries.
Rich and forward in blackberry, cherry and currant flavors, with an overripe note that veers into raisins, this Cabernet Sauvignon-based blend is dry and tannic. It's ready to drink now.
Red-berry fruit with a heavy dose of herb and bell pepper marks this red blend. The mouthfeel is smooth, but the acidity is high and the wine finishes slightly tart, with a green note. Another victim of this tough year. (We'll look forward to the 1999.)
Tasting a little on the sweet side, this has lemongrass and vanilla flavors. With the acidity that's nice and balancing, this should pair well with a wide range of fare.
Ugo Lequio offers one of the best expressions of Nebbiolo from the Gallina cru. His beautiful Barbaresco from Neive delivers impressive extraction and aromatic intensity. The wine is rich and opulent with aromas of spice, wild berry, red rose, licorice and a touch of white truffle. The mouthfeel is smooth, elegant and the finish is long.
Shows rich, racy acidity in a dry wine whose flavors veer toward ripe pineapple-tart filling, cinnamon spice and butterscotch, wrapped in a creamy texture. Would score far higher if the fruit were more concentrated.
Although one of the cheaper Zins in the winery's line-up, it is showing the best right now, so drink up. Black cherry, licorice, smoked beef and a deep hibiscus note make for a very heady nose. There is a dense yet soft character to the well-structured palate, where strong flavors of blueberry, crushed slate, tobacco, leather and wild herbs make a tasty convergence.
From an historic site replanted and restored to new heights, this wine has good grip and high-octane fruit that plays on the palate, veering from jammy to juicy and back again. Anise and black pepper linger on the lengthy finish, with a touch of smoky oak and toffee.
Leather, underbrush, moist soil and dark spice aromas carry over to the elegant palate along with dried plum, mature blackberry and licorice. Firm, velvety tannins and fresh acidity provide structure and a polished texture. Drink through 2023.
This is a soft and juicy wine with black currant fruitiness. Its wood aging is nicely judged, allowing its ripe character, acidity and black fruit to show through. The wine will be ready to drink from 2019.
From a St. Helena vineyard, the wine shows very ripe, juicy flavors of blackberries, pepper and smoky new oak. It's quite good, but very young and tannic and acidic. Clearly needs time. Give it at least until 2009.
This monopole (wholly-owned vineyard) is in the heart of the village of Aloxe-Corton. The 2005 is structured and wood-dominated at this stage; the dense fruit and the sweet, ripe, red berry acidity are waiting to develop into a wine that will be rich, smooth and velvety. Give it 6 years at least.
Dark berry and cassis aromas precede a focused chewy palate. Blackberry, blueberry, chocolate and spice flavors come together well, while a chunky full finish is ripe and satisfying.
Winemaker: Andrea Mullineux. Named Trifecta for the three vineyards—one schist-based, one granite-based and one iron-based—the wine is sourced from, this is an expressive and layered Syrah. Initial notes of violet, iris and wild rose give way to fruity tones of wild strawberry, raspberry, game and smoky spice, all grounded by an earthy minerality. The tannins are silky yet structured, with tight berry-skin flavors and a lingering finish reminiscent of mocha and toasted oak. It's a baby now, so try it after 2019 and through 2024.
A rich nose of violets, dark berries and smoke leads on this big and friendly Cabernet. Mouthfilling anf full of berry and herb flavors, the wine has a classic structure and a lingering finish. Age for added enjoyment. Dense
Raw, fresh, almost scratchy aromas of cranberry and plum are direct. This feels fruity and bright on the palate, with lightly medicinal cherry and plum flavors that finish with a sprinkle of spice and a note of saline.
Aromas of fleshy white fruits and spice give this Greek white a soulful edge. On the palate, clean, bracing flavors of bright lemon and minerals mean this is a multiple-glass choice. This should pair well with grilled octopus and fish.
A medium-sweet wine, attractively nutty in character with dried apricot flavor and some acidity.
Slightly savory with tones of pressed apple and pear, this medium-sweet Riesling balances ripe yellow-peach and quince flavors with an earthy minerality that's intriguing. Bright tangerine acidity drives a long, sunny finish.
A tangy, green apple flavored Riesling, with some light melon fruit also. It shows more varietal character than the '04 and has a nice juicy pop to the midpalate, despite the relatively high residual sugar.
Soft and balanced, this seems to have missed the potential when tasted as a barrel sample. It is maturing quickly, the tannins are soft, delicate. It is turning into an easy wine for drinking soon.
Partly wood-aged, this Alvarinho gives a smooth southern take on this northern Portuguese grape. It brings out apricot and pineapple fruits as well as the more typical lemon flavors. The acidity remains in place to give a crisp, tight aftertaste.
Teso la Monja is the new Toro winery from the Eguren family of Rioja fame (former owners of Numanthia-Termes in Toro), and it's proof that no beat has been missed since they sold out to Moët Hennessy. Expect dark, intense black fruit aromas and flavors mixed with heat, tannin, cola and spice. Some oak creeps out on the finish, but overall this is a lovely, bullish Toro. Drink now through 2014.
A very tangy wine, this is full of lemon zest and crisp apple-skin flavors. It's attractive, fruity and delightfully laden with almond and pear notes. The finish is rounded and fresh; drink this year.
Seta is the winery's Sémillon-Sauvignon Blanc blend. It's barrel-fermented, using native yeasts. Like the 2005, which it resembles, it's over-worked. Heavy oak dominates the interesting, complex citrus and fig flavors, flooding the mouth with too much caramel and butterscotch.
This granular, mildly earthy Toro falls into the everyday category, but within that market segment it'll do just fine with steaks, burgers and lamb chops. It offers viscosity, blackberry fruit and a long, chocolaty finish. It's not ultrarefined but it has plenty of stuffing and kick.
This is classic Washingon Merlot; plush with dark and smoky fruit, a supple and muscular mouthfeel, and broad flavors of plum and cherry. The generous (80%) use of new French oak adds plenty of chocolate and spice. Klipsun fruit can sometimes be rough and tannic, but here it is supple and almost soft, like real Corinthian leather.
This Amarone has aromas of plum and evident oak. The palate delivers dark cherry, raisin and spice flavors, with chocolate and espresso accents. The dense fruit has easy appeal but the wine doesn't have much personality.
This is a ripe, spicy wine, with nutmeg and ginger flavors that blend with the crisp apple to give both freshness and a fragrant, aromatic character. It is delicious already, so drink now.
This looks a bit older than it should because of the hot vintage but actually tastes fruity, youthful and vibrant. Pretty aromas of balsam, chopped herbs, blueberry, cola and natural rubber are packed tight over a firm structure. Drink now.
Sharp scents of clove, cherry syrup and tobacco lead into a rough, tart and tannic wine with no particular varietal character.
Subdued aromas of spiced plum, tobacco and leather slowly take shape in the glass. The palate is more expressive, offering dried black cherry, crushed raspberry, clove and grilled herb alongside firm, fine-grained tannins. It closes on a licorice note. Enjoy through 2018.
This is an acid-lover's Pinot Gris, quite tart and lemony. The lightly ripened fruit hints at green apples and pears, with nicely managed phenolics that put an edge on the finish.
Crushed chalk and wax notes add a striking minerality to this delicately framed, semisweet Riesling. A juicy wine, it offers an abundance of ripe stone-fruit and citrus flavors, with an earthen, waxy slick that lingers on the finish.
Rex Hill's reserve trumps most of its single vineyard efforts; it's simply a more complete wine. Supple and silky smooth, this wine has a real beginning, a solid middle and a lingering, satisfying finish. Mixed and layered berry/cherry fruits are seamlessly married to the oak, and tannins are soft and smooth.
Tart and tannic, this has a sleek, almost steely character, with cranberry and black cherry fruit, razor's edge tannins, and supporting acidity.
Compact and harmonious up front, this three-grape blend delivers aromas of oak, dark berry fruits and prune. The palate is saturated and fully ripe, with wide tannins that don't grate. Jammy berry, raisin, coconut, tobacco and creamy oak flavors finish long and ripe. Drink through 2018.
The name of this wine playfully refers to the fact that storks still nest in the chimneys of Alsace. It is rich, full, soft, with notes of pepper and dried apricot, plus ample sweetness. The acidity helps to cut the richness, making it food friendly.
A bright, spritely single-vineyard wine with pleasant citrus, peach and honeysuckle flavors that finish with a white sugar aftertaste.
This opens with delicate aromas of baking spice and black-skinned fruit. The simple palate offers black cherry jam, vanilla and white pepper hints while smooth tannins lend supple support. Drink through 2019.
This blend from several vineyards is a soft, rounded wine. It has a good balance between acidity and ripe white and yellow fruits, shot through with acidity. A touch of toast adds spice to the mix. Drink from 2019.
A gorgeous Cabernet, sweetly soft and generous, offering delicious flavors. With an overlay of smoky, vanilla-scented oak, it has a core of blackberries, cherries, cassis and spices. Feels vital and flashy. Drink over the next four years.
Earthier aspects mix with the fleshy yellow-plum notes on nose and palate. The medium-sweetness puts the ripeness of the fruit center stage, countered by hints of pith and freshness. Drink soon.
This cuvée is comprised of 43% Syrah, 40% Merlot and 17% Petite Sirah. It exudes black tar and leather, but it's more savory than fruity. Tannic still, showing off the Petite, its finish is long and lingering. This is a good pasta wine.
From selected parcels of the Bélingard vineyard, this is a firm and rich wine, with excellent concentration. The tannins are firm, dusty, broken by ripe plums and sweet acidity. The 18 months of wood aging shows in the polish of the wine. Age for another year.
This wine is not as bulky or dense as others from Bolgheri and boasts a more austere, yet elegant nose. But there's character and depth here thanks to its chewy tannins and long cherry finish.
While a bit demure in character, this full-bodied, dry Pinot Gris boasts fresh apple, pear and lemon notes. Crisp citrus acidity shines on the finish. Drink now.
Creamy and fresh on the nose and followed by a play of good acidity and body, this Riesling from New Jersey is both supple and refreshing. The flavors fall a bit flat though—and need more dimension.
Initially this wine is smooth and creamy textured. As it opens up it shows a cool, crisp character, with white apple fruits and layers of spice from wood aging. It's an elegant wine, very balanced already, but likely to age for several years. Drink now and until 2020.
This cuvée offers the pleasures of sweet, sappy red fruits, soft tannins and broad swaths of caramel, toasted hazelnuts and mocha. It coats the tongue with flavor and has a sort of insistence that the next sip will be even better.
Rather vegetal aromas of jalapeño and bell pepper mix with red fruit on the nose of this bottling. Those same bell peppery notes carry through the palate, which is intriguing but will likely confuse many drinkers.
Ripe aromas are full of cherries and plums, with a hint of pine. Concentrated flavors recall dark cherries and cinnamon. The texture is full and broad with moderate tannins and fresh acidity to keep it lively.
Just off-dry, with intense flower and stone fruit aromas and a silky, decadent texture. The finish of white cherries, fig and lemon goes on and on. Drink now for its lovely, youthful fruit or stash it for a few years for more complexity.
Sweet basic cherry aromas are candied at first and then darker with airing. The palate is bold, juicy, a little aggressive and herbal, with ample berry and plum fruit at the base. Oaky and long on the finish, with a peppery, herbal ending.
Elegance abounds throughout this concentrated, yet crisp, vivacious Spätburgunder (German for Pinot Noir). Juicy streaks of black plum and cherry are accented by violet, smoke and granite. Soft, powdery tannins lend plushness to a long, lingering finish.
Rooty aromas of licorice and sarsparilla are out front, followed by a big wave of barrel char. This wine feels good but a little abrupt and choppy. Savory flavors of barbecue and meaty berry fruits finish blackened and peppery, with a lasting note of charred wood.
Inviting in honeysuckle and tingling acidity, this wine is crisp, medium-bodied and complex, tasting lighter than it is. Silky in texture, it's one to enjoy on its own or with something buttery and creamy, like lobster or crab.
The Sé (cathedral) on the label of this wine is in Viseu, the granite-built capital of the Dão region. The wine has fine structure and some serious tannins. They march with the perfumed, sweet flavors of Touriga Nacional and of Alfrocheiro. The wine is still young and will certainly be better from 2017.
The vineyard is in the foothills above Mondavi, and the wine is marked by the authoritative tannic structure that usually marks Cabs from this neighborhood. Rich in pure cassis, there's a dusty, locked-down quality and a sandpapery astringency that suggests aging. This is a very fine wine and should drink well in a few years and then hold through 2014 or so.
This is a lovely sparkling blend with bright citrus notes that add lively accents to the wine's broad base of mature fruit and melon. Acidity on the finish also helps offset its delicious creaminess and richness.
With production of more than 51,000 cases, this Cabernet will wash down lots of steaks and burgers. It's softly tannic in the mouth, with easy flavors of blackberry tea and oak.
The 2009 vintage for Mendocino Pinot Noir is considered a standout. This Waits-Mast Pinot shows a deftness with cool-climate fruit, for this is definitely a bright, classic, more restrained version of California Pinot. The wine has a delightful, deep red cherry note enveloping it and all the earthy mushroom one comes to expect from Mendocino. Very drinkable now with room to grow in the bottle a few more years.
The nose on this white appeals from the get-go. Elegant waves of lemon, orange blossom and peach aromas are followed by a balanced but luxurious blend of pear, peach and white flowers on the palate. Big but pretty.
An opulent nose surges from the bottle in this lush, exuberant wine from the legendary vineyard site. Pronounced flavors of baked apple, caramel, honey and peach combine in memorable, full-bodied ways. Textured and layered, this brooder is drinking great now but should do well with more time in the cellar, through 2023.
A concentrated Bordeaux-style blend comprised of 59% Cab Sauv, 19% Merlot, 12% Cab Franc and 10% Petit Verdot. Black currant and plum dominate the nose while flavors of herbal spice, cigar box and licorice flesh out the medium-weight mouth. The tannins are strong but refined, lingering well through the finish.
An herbal cherry aroma comes with notes of leather and mulchy earth. It feels and tastes dried out, with tart, grating acidity and medicinal, herbal flavors on the finish.
Rustic, with some smoke and char up front that gives way to intense berry flavors. It’s a touch idiosyncratic—it’s very concentrated and a bit sauvage—as it shows a lot of vineyard individuality. Hard and rugged now; a few years in the bottle should tame its power.
Pear and tangerine notes give this wine an immediately fruity character. It has bright acidity, with a fresh and crisp palate. The fruit is right up front, with a soft aftertaste.
An impressive Barolo from a tricky vintage, this shows bold aromas of blackberry, prune, plum and cherry liqueur. There's a plush richness on the palate that softens those tight, young tannins.
Round and rambunctious, with aromas of leather, herbs, cherry and cassis. Veers toward grapey in the mouth, but holds the line while offering soft, buttery plum, raspberry and vanilla flavors. Warm and spicy on the finish, with a heaping portion of chocolate and cream.
Organically grown estate grapes lend credence to the reserve designation. This is a generous wine, deftly matching its pineapple, citrus and peach flavors to sweet oak. Still young, so decant it or give it another year or two of bottle age.
A bit hard and sharp on the nose, but on the plus side it's clean and direct. The palate follows suit; it's reasonably balanced, with forward strawberry, raspberry and mocha flavors. Dry and quick on the finish, with a mild resiny leftover oak character.
Earthy aromas of mushroom and forest floor, plus cinnamon and sour cherry, are followed by vivacious cherry flavors. The wine evolves on the palate to reveal cedar, smoke and spice undertones. This is a memorable, modern style of this variety.
This tight, solid wine has more black currant than berry flavor, with a taut, dry character. It seems to lack some depth of fruit.
A ripe, crisp, very fresh Chablis bursting with green fruits, with a light layer of caramel and green herbs. Delicious now.
Dry, tannic and fiercely astringent, this Cab has modest cherry-berry flavors. O.K. for an everyday full-bodied red with cheeses and rich meats.
Meaty and dark right from the start, with berry syrup, toast and peppery aromas. The palate is ripe and good, with bulk and balance. Tastes toasty and spicy, with licorice and black pepper supporting ripe blackberry. Healthy, long and nice overall.
Pours inky black, and smells young and backward. Lots of airing reveals blackberry jam, with hints of dark chocolate, vanilla and toast. Drinks soft, velvety, luscious and complex. Good berry fruit is supported by firm, dry tannins. Lovely now, and best consumed in the next year or so to capture its vibrant youth.
This is a 100% varietal, vineyard-designated wine, impressive in its ability to provide lush richness within a balanced context. Dark and thick, it opens with blackberry, mocha and spicy clove flavors. Although syrupy, it maintains freshness on the palate.
A power-packed blend of 60% Cabernet and 40% Merlot that offers mossy aromas, earth and lush black fruit scents. The palate is lively yet balanced, with saturated wild berry, toast, anise and pepper flavors. Dark, toasted and showing licorice on the finish. A little hot and aggressive, so drink in late 2010 through 2012.
The 2015 vintage is a strong one for Woodbridge. Ripe fruit tones, bright acidity and lightly mouth-puckering tannins underpin red cherry, clove and blackberry flavors, while the texture is mouthfilling. It's a treat to find an inexpensive wine with such good backbone.
This fresh Vermentino from Maremma delivers green fruit ones, exotic and passion fruits.
The production of this nationally-distributed wine almost doubled this vintage, making it one of the most visible Oregon Pinots in the country. It's medium bodied and offers good varietal character, but there is a slight off-note on the nose, which carries through the finish, albeit subtly.
Made with dried Grillo grapes, this opens with subdued aromas of citrus peel and a whiff of yellow peach. The palate is more expressive, offering dried apricot, fig and a hint of candied lemon zest.
Crisp acidity blends easily with creamy smooth texture here. This is a fine juxtaposition of mineral, apple, pear, spice and citrus flavors, neatly layered for complexity and eleganty structured. Long and bright at the end.
Ebullient on the nose with scents of fresh white peach and tart Meyer-lemon. This dry Riesling is deliciously peachy on the palate, as well. Juicy and brisk with soft citrus acidity, it finishes with a hint of waxy lime-skin on the finish.
Musky rose and melon scents meld into slightly confectionery pastry tones on the nose of this aromatic Riesling. The palate is brisk and dry, but nectarine and peach flavors penetrate deeply. Cool strikes of acid and minerality accentuate the finish. Drink now through 2019.
Coming from older vine plantings at Dionysus, Red Willow, Boushey and Bacchus vineyards, Cabernet Sauvignon (70%) takes the lead, with the rest Merlot (20%) and Cabernet Franc. Aromas of graphite, savory herb and red and black fruit are followed by refined fruit flavors. It shows a sophisticated sensibility, bringing a sense of texture and vibrancy, along with a lingering finish.
Merlot forms the core of this blend, supported by smaller amounts of Syrah, Zinfandel, Petit Verdot and Cabernet Sauvignon. A note of black olive opens the wine, which is soft, full-bodied and tart in red plum, the tannins chewy on the finish.
Although plummy fruit dominates the nose, if you take an extra moment or two you can ferret out a lot more: mint, leather and vanilla, for example. The flavors feature a wintergreen component that adds a welcome degree of individuality to this offering, before fading into a medium-length finish.
Fresh and easygoing, this opens with scents of berry, blue flower and a whiff of baking spice. The light-bodied, simple palate offers tart cherry, black currant and a hint of espresso alongside soft, not very persistent tannins.
Plummy blackberry and cherry flavors abound in this Cabernet Franc, anchored by a taut frame of fine, firm tannins and cranberry acidity. It seems lavishly oaked, but pronounced aromas of cedar and toast integrate smoothly on the palate. The long finish is marked by an enticing pencil-shaving edge.
A bit skunky on the nose, with pickled green-fruit aromas. The palate is spritzy at first and then goes flat, while it tastes of generic tropical fruit and bitter greens. Soft, fleshy and hollow on the finish.
Brambly, hot and rubbery fruit aromas lead to a palate of lean, herbal, strawberry flavors. Herbal and snappy on the finish, with decent structure and balance. Flavorwise it's on shaky ground.
This wine breaks on the palate like a slider crossing the corner of the plate, just out of reach. A forward, fruit-driven entry drops into a tart midpalate, with plum and berry fruit. It fades away into a finish with strong acids, light chocolate and a hint of bitterness in the tannins.
Aromas of scorched soil, truffle, ripe black-skinned fruit and cedar lead the nose of this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Petit Verdot and Cabernet Franc. The concentrated palate delivers ripe black cherries, blackberries, orange zest, grilled herbs, clove and tobacco, while firm, velvety tannins provide support. A licorice note closes the finish.
This is a very sweet wine, with aromas like cotton candy and marshmallows, flavors like extra-sweet lemonade, and a syrupy texture.
Classic Cabernet Sauvignon aromas of cherry, chalk and tobacco serve as the aromatic introduction to this reliable deal from Firestone, now one of the many wineries owned by William Foley. There's an Old World mustiness once sipped, along with a touch of vanilla and smooth tannins.
A raisiny and ultraripe Bordeaux-style blend, two-thirds Cabernet Sauvignon. It has apparently been given a lot of time in heavily-toasted barrels, and the layers of smoke, espresso, cinnamon and tobacco dominate. A wine for those who like the blockbuster, oaky style.
A total fruitball from front to finish. The nose yields pineapple, peach and grapefruit, while the palate pumps out plenty of apple, lemon and other citrus fruits. Finishes snappy, with zest galore.
This Verdicchio, from the best grapes of the estate's Villa Bianchi vineyard, offers pretty renderings of honey, pear and stone fruit. The aromas are fresh, vibrant and inviting and the mouthfeel is long-lasting and bright. Thirty percent of the wine ferments in new French oak to give the wine added texture and flavor.
A blend of Ugni Blanc and Colombard from Gascony, the wine has crisp herbaceous flavors and a tight zesty texture. It is light, refreshing and ready to drink.
What's likeable about this Bordeaux blend is its dryness. It doesn't slam you with over-the-top, extracted fruit, but is controlled in its herb and blackberry flavors and smooth but firm tannins.
This is a wine that has been spoiled by the over-use of wood aging. The fruit is still struggling to come through. It will be a tough call as to which wins.
A well-balanced, round but not fat Chard with vibrant aromas of red apple, melon and sweet citrus. The mouth offers riper notes of pear and a touch of banana, but the finish is clean and satisfying. Drink now.
Barrel aromas are up front, with notes of wood spice alternating with game and dark fruit. The fruit, wood and game flavors mix in equal parts on the palate, not entirely in harmony.
The aging program for this Syrah, which comes from a vineyard near the intersection of the Carmel and Salinas valleys, results in a solidly balanced wine. Pepper, boysenberry and game consume the nose, with blackberry fruit, mint, tobacco and a greenish bitterness keeping the palate interesting.
Smoky aromas lead to a wine that is dominated by wood. It is about structure rather than fruit.
This concentrated, structured wine has an earthy quality, typical of some Listracs, along with a more juicy, fruity character that's boosted by acidity. Balanced, it will age over the medium-term. Drink from 2017.
Plump dark raspberries and ripe cherries combine with herbes de provence, slight lavender and a slightly gamy quality on this wine's elegant nose. Floral-driven flavors of hibiscus, rose hips and elderflower spice up the woody elderberry fruit, settling into Mediterranean herbs and a soft zing that goes deep into the finish.
Zippy and fresh, with floral aromas and beautifully underscored mineral notes that reinforce its overall snap and pop. More stone fruit and floral flavors in the mouth are accompanied by mouth-cleansing acidity. Imported by Banville & Jones Wine Merchants.
This is a light, crisp and fresh wine, with tight acidity and a mineral texture. It has black and red currant flavors, and needs a few months more to age; drink from the end of 2016.
Lime, apple and mineral aromas come with a note of eggy yeast. The mouthfeel is regular and a touch foamy, with semisweet flavors of kiwi, apple and gooseberry. Mild and feeling good on the finish, it's basic but well worth a go.
Continues the Shafer tradition of richly fruity Cabs, with near-perfect tannins and just-right oak, and an elegant suppleness that's delicious and distinctive in youth, but ageworthy. The fine vintage has made the wine extra-complex and balanced. Over the years, many wineries have arisen, but few have a better track record than Shafer.
Winemakers for many long generations, the Lodali family (now with Walter Lodali at the helm) is slowly penetrating the international wine consciousness. The 2007 Lorens Barbaresco offers pronounced aromas of smoke, tobacco, tar and licorice embellished by red rose and violet. The wine is smooth, silky with polished tannins and an elegant finish.
Underlying the tart fruit flavors of crisp apple and cucumber are spicy, peppery highlights. At the moment, the new oak barrel flavors often found are not evident, but wines go through interesting morphs along the aging curve. This one is just starting to soften up. Organically grown and limited to just 107 cases.
With its dusty tannins, this is a structured wine first, a more fruity wine second. It has density, juicy acidity and hints of blueberry and black currant fruits. It's typical of 2011 at this stage, still very firm and tannic. Give it until 2017.
Unlike most Australian Rieslings, this one has a hint of residual sugar left in it, giving it an appealing plumpness on the midpalate. Ripe apple and sweet peach notes are balanced by zingy lemon-lime acids on the finish. Ready to drink now.
This is a bit lighter than the previous vintage, offering tart red-berry fruit, accented with a note of fresh herb. The chocolaty barrel accents smooth out the midpalate and lead into a pleasant finish.
Crisp and with good acidity, this is a light, fruity and forward wine. Lively, balanced and with plenty of taut fruitiness at the end, it is very ready to drink.
Whiffs of sweet baking spice, cedar and tobacco entice from nose to finish on this unabashedly fruity and oaky, but enjoyable Cab. Juicy vanilla-cherry cola notes permeate the rich palate, cut by a razor's edge of acidity on the finish.
This is a fruity, fresh, forward wine that has delicious red berry fruitiness and soft tannins. It's bright and smooth, the structure just lightly supporting the fruit. It's ready to drink.
This is a rich success. It has concentration, spice and juicy fruits as well as layered tannins, acidity and a dark, brooding structure. For aging over several years. Screwcap.
This a good Cava that delivers strawberry and raspberry aromas along with a raspy, scratchy side note. The palate feels good and honest, while sweet, lightly candied flavors of cherry and berry set up a mild finish with fresh acidity and length.
This wine is tight, nervy and crisp, with a strongly mineral texture. There is good acidity, crisp and textured. Apples and citrus dominate this structured wine. Drink from 2019.
This is a nice value-priced Albariño, with a minerally nose also offers aromas of melon, apple and peach. The palate is citrusy in feel, with lemony acids. Citrus and stone-fruit flavors finish stony and crisp, with a final blast of lemon.
This widely available Oregon Pinot Noir has lovely aromas of berry, cherry and rose petals. Ripe but not sweet, its tart, juicy fruit is wrapped in plenty of acid and punctuated with fresh herb, resin and peppery spice. Nicely blended and balanced, it's a quintessential food wine.
The perfume develops slowly before blossoming into an enticingly exotic, bergamot-flavored wine. Acidity keeps it fresh but it does end up with a slighty confectionery finish. Glass stopper.
Nice effort, a chewy mix of tangy red fruits, nicely complemented with spice and chocolatey oak. There is a milk chocolate smoothness in the mouth, which turns a bit flat at the end.-
Soapy, floral aromas are more like those of a scented candle than most Malbecs. Next is an astringent, raw palate with sketchy plum flavors and bitterness to the finish. This doesn't taste convincingly natural.
An elegant Cabernet that's ready to drink tonight and will hold for some years. Shows good Napa character, with lush, ripe tannins and flavors of black currants, blackberries and cedar that cry out for a good steak.
Sharp and peppery, this Walla Walla Valley Malbec starts out fruity and forward, then brings in flavors of dried leaf and tea. It's a two-step wine, perhaps caught between youth and maturity.
Riper and fruitier than last year's release, a big, juicy wine that rewards the palate with layers of blackberry and cherry on top of the usual cola, tomato and rhubarb flavors. Structurally, it's a big wine, with firm tannins. I would cellar this until next year.
Here's a ripe, luminous Prosecco with golden highlights that opens with aromas of apricot, honeysuckle and a touch of ground clove. The sparkling wine offers sharp effervescence and a dry, steely close.
Tight cranberry, pomegranate, hibiscus and black raspberry share the nose with cedar, gravel and prominent sagebrush on this bottling by the Healdsburg-based winery. There's an elegant array of herbs on the palate, bay leaf to oregano, as well as earthy iron tones, all set against a zesty, barely ripe raspberry-juice frame.
Complex and powerful, this wood-aged red has both elegance and density. Its black plum and blackberry fruits are spiced with an herbal character that gives an edge to the acidity in the aftertaste. Keep for 4–5 years.
With a smooth mouthfeel and firm, hard tannins, this Cab is ripe in blackberry and black cherry flavors, with notes of sweet fresh herbs and oak. It's a bit hard and bitter now, but could improve in the bottle.
Chocolate, cigar, clove and cedar unfurl slowly on the nose and palate of this wine, a rare variety for the appellation, but one to which the producer remains committed. Fruity currant and black raspberry season the firm, integrated tannin and nuanced oak, with a sizzle of acidity as it lingers on the finish. This wine should age well through 2023, and is enjoyable now.
Here's a medium-bodied, silky wine that shows the classic elegance of cool-climate winegrowing. Fully dry, with complex flavors of cherries, cola, rhubarb, coffee and spice, it has a touch of smoky oak. It's an irresistibly yummy Pinot Noir.
Produced from "cordon-cut" bunches, Riesling offers up intense honey, apple and pear aromas and flavors. With more than 11% residual sugar, you might expect this wine to be sticky-sweet, but thanks to crisp acids, it's not cloying. Tasty, well-balanced wine that just finishes a bit short.
Tart and forward, with cranberry and raspberry fruit front and center, this is a tasty, acidic and lightly spicy effort that shows some nice precision. It's not a big wine, but balanced and based upon sharp acids that carry the fruit and cut through the finish.
Chive and onion skin aromas blend with hints of mint, marcona almond and vanilla on the nose of this bottling from winemaker Bruce McGuire. From one of Pierre Lafond's special sites, it has a savory palate that recalls salted peanuts, seared lemon and popcorn on the finish. Lemony acidity cuts through it all.
Firm and structured, this is a solid wine that will take time to mature. The vineyard, backed by woods, is considered one of the top premier crus in Mercurey. Certainly, this wine with its solid tannins and wood flavors that are backed by acidity and red-berry fruits, is one with a serious future. Drink from 2021.
Jasmine, wisteria and dried herbs aromas mingle in the glass while the creamy palate offers ripe white peach, yellow apple, pear and a note of candied nectarine zest. Bright acidity and a frothy mousse offset the rich flavors and carry through to the white almond finish.
This widely available brand continues to turn out reliable bottlings vintage after vintage. The 2006 Sauvignon Blanc features restrained gooseberry and peach aromatics, then turns up the stone-fruit volume on the palate and adds some slightly pithy citrus notes.
In the past we've found this wine to be a bit flat and overwooded, but the '04 is balanced, fresh and downright lovely. Light vanilla and toast shadings accent bright peach and melon flavors, and the texture is something to behold. Excluding Valdeorras, this is Galician white wine in its most refined state.
Aromas of prune, blackcurrant, toast and oak carry through to the extracted palate, along with flavors of black cherry and roasted coffee beans. Firm but drying tannins provide the framework.
Made in the style of a classic Port, this powerhouse of a sweet wine combines opulent fruit flavors with richness and body, balanced by bracing acidity and a generous shot of fine tannins. With a little time, violet, dark chocolate, raspberry and fig nuances roll across the palate, blending with the boysenberry fruit for a complex and layered finish.
Rivetto is making some very interesting wines and is worth keeping a close eye on. The Leon Barolo opens with plump aromas of coffee, cherry, blackberry, spice and ripe berry fruit. It's a generous and velvety wine with firm tannins and a dusty, finely textured mouthfeel.
Like most inexpensive Malbecs, there are some strained aromas here: tire rubber, stemmy fruit and cranberry. But in the mouth it has good body and grab, with roasted fruit flavors and a touch of hickory. Savory and pretty good for under $10.
A rich, creamy oak bomb that's loaded with vanilla, toast and butterscotch. Some additional dairy notes creep in on the finish. For wood fans only.
Here's a dark and deeply sophisticated Tuscan red with inky concentration and aromas of blackberry preserves and Indian spicebox. This is a truly beautiful wine on many fronts, not least of which is the texture: It's thick and plush, with ripe fruit flavors and sweet tannins.
Although the nose of this wine is subdued, it sends out appealing hints of red apple and yellow pear. The palate is fresh and has real mouthfeel. This is appetizing and full of defined apple and pear notes. The lip-smacking finish makes you long for more.
This easy-to-drink Merlot is lusciously forward in blackberries and cherries, yet has extra qualities of structural complexity that recommend it. Beyond the sweetness are rich tannins, just-in-time acidity and a subtle floweriness of rose petals and violets.
Structured wine with 30% of Cabernet to give shape to the very ripe Merlot. The wine has both acidity, some firm tannins and a concentrated, dry core. It's likely to age well over 3–4 years.
Full and ripe, the wine's lush texture demonstrates the dominance of Merlot. It also has a dense, tannic character that pushes through the rich fruit, lending balance and aging potential. Keep this for at least five years.
An elegant, ready to drink Riesling, with peach and flowery white currants. The texture shows the natural minerality of the grape, leaving a wine with a bright tang of acidity.
Bright and silky, this offers aromas of damp earth, leafy underbrush, chopped mint and wild berry. On the fresh palate, zesty acidity accompanies tart cherry, red raspberry, white pepper, clove, licorice and orange peel.
This is a very attractive and well-constructed blend of Corvina, Oseleta and Cabernet Franc with generous aromas of spice, cherry and blackberry. There's also a hint of forest floor and leather at the back and the wine imparts a bright, polished feel in the mouth.
Strong citrus fruit and citrus-rind aromas mix lemon, lime and grapefruit in a sharply-defined, relatively moderate-in-alcohol Viognier. It's acidic and firm, nicely focused and precise. Overall, it is a very good, food-friendly wine.
This cool-climate Merlot opens with aromas of bright cherry, chocolate and a shading of toasted espresso. It's opulent and complex, with length and intensity—but it's never over the top.
Reticent aromas of lemon peel, honeysuckle, meringue, tangerine, sea salt and chalk show on the nose of this top-end white from one of the region's pioneering properties. Rounded pear and apple show on the palate, but it's chalky and restrained, with a vein of grapefruit peel and lime pith.
This pretty wine showcases aromas of yellow flowers and exotic fruit. The bright palate offers honeydew melon, apple and a hint of almond alongside crisp acidity that leaves a quenching finish.
This is structured and textured, with white fruit flavors complemented by almond and mineral notes, along with some toast from having aged in wood. Concentrated and edgy, this needs to age for another two years.
This Cab takes a while to open and show some flavor, but when it does, it has subtle buttercream and blackberry aromas and a blackberry, grape jelly and honey palate. It's smooth, round and easy to drink, with a long, slightly sweet, blackberry-jam finish.
A typical New World Chardonnay in that it starts with corny aromas that are matched by heavy toast notes. Act two is an ultra sweet palate that seems more sugary than ideal. Very tropical as well, with sweet mango and pineapple flavors. Too sweet to be convincing as a dry white.
An easy Merlot for drinking now despite the firm tannins. Shows cherry, raisin, red licorice, cola and bacon flavors that finish just a bit sweet. Let it breathe for an hour or two before serving.
A mild, medium-bodied North Coast Pinot Noir with a pleasant aroma of cherry and plum, the cherry carries throughout the wine's texture and overall follow-through. A tad simple, this wine is nonetheless a tremendously great deal for California Pinot.
Aromas suggest exotic fruit, yellow flower and a whiff of Mediterranean herb. The linear palate doles out yellow apple, ginger, thyme and a hint of mineral alongside bright acidity.
Cantine Colosi's interpretation of Passito di Pantelleria is definitely distinct and unique. Rather than mature apricot and honey notes, the golden-colored wine focuses on pungent aromas of roasted nut, root beer and powdery menthol candy. It comes together well, but in a very intense and powerful way that might not appeal to everyone. It has a chewy, viscous almost tannic feel in the mouth.
This pale-colored wine is light, fresh and crisp, with very subtle fruit and nut flavors, lively acidity and a tangy, lingering finish. It's offers a great change of pace.
Made with Sangiovese and 5% Canaiolo, it opens with aromas of wet soil, meat juices, spice and black fruit. The palate holds black cherry and white pepper but it has a short finish and lacks complexity. On the other hand, it's easy-drinking and thoroughly enjoyable now.
Corte Brà is a layered and sophisticated Amarone with deep layers of black cherry, spice, leather, tobacco, steak sauce and polished black stone. It offers impressive intensity followed by a rich, velvety mouthfeel.
Classic Sangiovese aromas of violet, wild berry and forest floor lead the nose on this easygoing red. The bright straightforward palate shows morello cherry, tangerine zest and a hint of clove framed in bright acidity and supple tannins.
Crimson is half Merlot, one-third Cab Franc, the rest a mix of Petit Verdot and Cabernet Sauvignon. There's some volatility in the nose, with bright, spicy strawberry fruit swathed in light chocolate. The midpalate drops out.
Blended with 15% Riesling and fermented and aged in stainless steel, it's lightly aromatic with notes of stone fruit and macerated grape skins. It drinks off-dry with the flavor concentration a bit wanting.
Smells ripe, with scents of honey, baked apples and spice, but also a refreshing lime zest top note. It's medium-bodied, with flavors that mirror the aromas, with the lime intensifying on the fresh, minerally finish. Imported by USA Wine West.
The top drop from Bethel Heights in this vintage, this is a dark, dense evocation of Pinot Noir at its most authoritative and engaging. It's a muscular mix of mulberry, blueberry and blue plum, with a dash of sassafras for good measure. The length and sense of throttled power suggest that this is a fine cellar candidate. Drink now through 2028.
Borgo Scopeto is a consistent producer with a deft hand when it comes to the tricky Sangiovese grape. This Chianti Classico shows clean lines and bright fruit flavors, followed by mouth-cleansing acidity. Balanced and fresh.
This is a big, bold wine with superripe fruit. It is saved from great excess by its tannins and acidity. It does have some bitterness from the high toast wood aging. The wine should soften out to leave a rich fruity wine. Drink from 2021.
This vibrant wine offers floral and fruity aromas of iris and just-crushed black grapes laced with spice. The palate is both structured and fresh, with black cherry, white pepper and cinnamon flavors.
Toast, baking spice, fruitcake and anise are some of the aromas that emerge on this structured red. On the forward palate, notes of black pepper, licorice and a hint of tobacco accent a core of dried black. Firm, velvety tannins provide support. Drink 2018–2026.
This is a balanced Zinfandel, and it offers elegant acids and burly red and black fruits. It's a structured effort, and it emits a subtle spice character. This will pair well with foods like pizza and pasta.
This smells and tastes thin and a little unripe, with a subtle vegetal notes that are subtle that will limit it's aging. Flavors of sour black-cherry candy and toasty oak are on the surface.
Coming mainly from the villages of Ladoix and Chorey-lès-Beaune, this wine is a delicious example of the juicy, ripe fruit that comes from the Côte de Beaune. It's soft and open, with a generous character that makes it ready to drink soon, from 2018.
Cheesy, oaky aromas are staunch and less than appealing. A choppy, astringent palate and mulchy, briny berry flavors are less than helpful, while a rubbery feeling finish also fails to bring this around.
Sadly, only one barrel was made of this exceptional wine, from what may be the best site for Malbec in the entire state. It's a mouth-teasing mix of plum, cherry, cola, chocolate and clean loam, with silky tannins and a hint of Bourbon on the finish.
A coconut streak stands out immediately, then there's a vertical wall of stone, citrus and licorice. I like the intensity and the definitive spices that layer this wine; it's not shy or pedestrian. The style may or may not suit you, but it's well worth exploring. It finishes up crisp, with a green, citrusy lift.
Despite all the back-label talk of richness and layer-cake complexities, this wine lacks much of the sweet, yummy character that folks love about Argentine Malbec. We acknowledge that 2007 was an abnormally cool year in Mendoza, but what's here is lean, disjointed and angular.
Named after the Estrela mountain range that lies on the east of the Dão, this structured, mineral-driven wine is firm yet packed with juicy red berries and currants that give a fragrant, juicy character. It needs more time, so drink from 2017.
From the winery's estate vineyard, this 100% varietal is lightly aromatic with cocoa, bittersweet chocolate, flowers and dark cherry. It's medium bodied with rich cherry flavors and firm, slightly dry tannins.
Meyer lemon and a hint of fresh herbs—lemon verbena, tarragon and cilantro—elevate this polished and textural effort. There's a nice long finish; a fine bottle, especially at this price.
Such are the tannins on this bone-dry Pinot Noir that it feels astringent and rustic now. That's despite a deep, sweetly ripe core of blackberries and currants. It's certainly a big wine, packing in enough power for two wines, but lacking somewhat in delicacy and finesse. Give this brooding wine a good, long decant. Could come around after eight years or so in the bottle.
This opens with black-skinned berry, dried violet and star anise aromas. The savory, easy-drinking palate delivers blackberry, black pepper and clove flavors set against bright acidity and supple tannins. Enjoy through 2020.
A little late for a 2002 release, and the wine seems to have lost a good bit of its freshness. The flavors are oxidative, with an odd finish that mixes notes of Band-aid with the lingering taste of overripe pears.
This stainless-steel take shows lime juice, golden apples and white pepper on the lean but ever-so-slightly warm nose. The palate is driven by a citrusy bitterness, showing tangerine peels and more squeezed lime throughout.
From the orange, creamy buttermilk and earthy notes on the nose to the dry mineral, herb and Asian pear palate, there's much to savor here—such as the balance, proportion and long, citrus-mineral finish. This is a complex and reserved wine, not a conventional, in-your-face bottling. It's rather tight now, but if you give it two years (or more!), you'll be well rewarded.
Opens with light berry aromas that are similar to raspberry and strawberry. It's tangy in the mouth, with red plum and raspberry controlling the board. Shows hints of vanilla and brown sugar on the snappy finish. More racy than rich.
Pear candy and citrus peel beckon from the glass. There is a slightly candied edge to the expressive fruit, while the dryish palate shows concentration and warmth.
Hot in alcohol, with sweetened blackberry and raisin flavors. A good example of a Port-like table wine.
A first-rate Zin that shows the variety's briary power, unleashing a tidal wave of wild forest berry, plum, licorice, leather, chocolate and pepper spice flavors wrapped into sturdy tannins. Lip-smackingly good.
Initial volatile notes blow off to reveal ripe red cherry, sweet sawdust, vanilla and cola notes. With 32 months in French oak, toasty flavors pervade on the light-bodied palate, while underneath all that, luscious cherry transitions to spicy raspberry.
Grassy and herbal, this wine is crisp, tight and mineral. It's delicate and bright in character, and ready for drinking now.
Here's a very successful expression of Nero d'Avola with smoky tones of mesquite wood, jerky, honey-roasted ham and exotic spice. There's a broad base of mature fruit at the back—especially black cherry and prune—that adds to the wine's plush, succulent mouthfeel.
With 6 Rhône varieties, including Viognier, this is a fresh, fruity wine meant to be consumed within the next five years. It's strong in cherry, blackberry and other berry flavors, with the smoky vanilla of oak.
The essence of cool-climate Chilean Syrah is on display and arguably goes overboard with this sheer, tart, acid-dominated Leyda wine. It's floral and slightly medicinal smelling, with a sheer palate and tart, foxy flavors of red berry and pie cherry. Finishes with oceanic saltiness and a dusting of cocoa.
Graphite, char, vanilla bean and cedar plank lay atop the black berry and plum preserve fruit core on the nose. The palate is creamy and mouthfilling at first, offering rich notes of vanilla-infused stewed berries and raspberry sauce that are then overwhelmed by aggressive, green tannins that hold the palate hostage through the long, woody finish.
A concentrated wine, full of firm tannins as well as delicious red cherry fruits. The wine has weight, richness, structure, definitely for aging, while retaining the open fruit of delicious Gamay.
Black in color and super earthy with reams of smoke, this Lodi Petite Sirah has 8% Cabernet Sauvignon and 2% Cabernet Franc blended in, giving it a touch of finesse. The soft tannins are balanced by the wine's heft as well as the permeating aromas and flavors of charcuterie, tobacco and blackberry jam.
From a tiny, seven-acre property in Saint-Estèphe, this is a Cabernet Sauvignon-dominated wine with black currant fruit and good, firm fruit tannins. There is a smoky wood element to balance the lively, youthful acidity.
This pure expression of Primitivo is partially aged in oak for added extra structure and concentration. The bouquet here is characterized by jammy strawberry and bitter almond notes.
Dusty aromas of prune, raisin and spice cake are a bit flat and bulky. This is chewy and on the fat side, with oak-led prune and black-plum flavors. A solid but top-heavy finish is full of fruit but not all that deep or layered.
One of a pair of wines that comes from specific soil types. This impressive wine, from granite soil, is strongly mineral while also having some great fruit. Apples, pears and green plums all make their presence felt in this wine that deserves aging. Drink from 2018.
Beautifully structured, this very limited bottling offers complex, tightly wound, finely spun red fruit. The depth and detail suggest that further cellaring will be well rewarded.
Aromas of fresh apricots and pears meld with lavish florals on this off-dry Pinot Gris. The palate is textured and bold with flavors of pressed apple that linger on the finish.
This appealing wine is widely available. Blueberry, vanilla cream and gingerbread make for an inviting nose. The palate packs layers of intriguing, ripe and easily lovable flavors: baked strawberries, vanilla ice cream, blueberry sauce and baking spice.
Benefiting from the great quality of Cabernet Franc in 2006, this is a beautiful wine, perfumed and seductive. The fruit tannins are so well integrated with wood that they are only just dominant. Ripe, opulent but also firmly structured, this will age magnificently over five years or more.
A simple, sugary wine, with candied berry, anise and cocoa flavors, wrapped into soft tannins.
Renowned for its restraint and fine-ness, Mount Mary is an icon of Australian wine, and one that seems to perplex many American critics, including this one. Medium-bodied cherry fruit is tinged with vanilla and herb in this offering, which comes across as rather straightforward.
You might expect a GSM that weighs in at 15.5% alcohol to be a big, rich, lush wine. But in this case, you'd be wrong. It shows plenty of cedary oak, tart cherry flavors and crisp acids. The intensity is there, just not as much harmony as one would like.
Earthy on the nose and palate with savory whiffs of smoked hazelnuts, this dry, Hudson River sparkling wine is striking in its acidity and nut skin astringency. Fairly aggressive on the palate with a bold, lingering effervescence.
A beautiful Syrah perfect for drinking now. It's softly tannic and dry, but very fruity, with forward flavors of blackberries, cherries, raspberries and milk chocolate, and an earthier grounding of tobacco, anise and leather.
One barrel was new French oak, the other neutral. The cranberry fruit here is subdued and tart, while the barrel aging brings in popcorn, walnuts and even a trace of butter brickle. Give this bottle until 2017–2017 to open up.
Really nice black currants and cherries, and classy tannins, too, the kind that are noticeable but sweet and soft at the same time. All in all it's a study in balance. It's not a great Cab, a bit too angular, but it proves that this new appellation is an area to watch.
This offers a hint of honey in the nose, then moves into a fresh palate loaded with a full range of yellow fruits. The acidity is spot on, and a suggestion of wet cement adds a hint of mineral to the lengthy finish. Drink now through 2024.
This is one of the few commercial bottlings coming out of Mallorca, and it's a unique wine made mostly from Callet, a native variety. Aromas of rose petals, strawberry and potpourri are exotic and unfamiliar. This crackles with acidity and delivers savory flavors of BBQ meat, earthy red fruits and molasses. Racy on the finish, this cries out for food; drink through 2016.
This opens with aromas of dark berry, toast, espresso and a whiff of dark cooking spice. The bracing palate offers unripe cherry, licorice, powdered sage and toasted oak alongside bracing tannins that leave an astringent, mouth-puckering finish.
A deep color, oaky aromas and ripe dark-fruit flavors give a sense of richness and breadth to this full-bodied wine. It's dry and smooth on the palate, with a warm spicy finish.
This beautiful single-vineyard wine takes all the themes of the regular Wente Cabernet and carries them into deeper, lusher, more complex territory. The color is darker, the depth of flavor more profound, the fruit veering more toward black currants, the tannins more refined, and the fruity-spicy finish simply wonderful and long.
Sweet and artificial, with a strong hint of Dijon mustard, which seems totally out of place. Not sure who this is aimed at.
This is flavorful, well-built and robust with an exotic twist to its flavors. There's a hint of mint or menthol in the aroma, lots of black cherry and dark plum flavors and a firm, tannic texture. It's deeply colored and full bodied.
This rich, ripe and generous wine is full of blackberry fruit and tannin. It's powerful, with a solid structure and fine fruitiness. As a result, it has good aging potential, so drink from 2020.
Aromas of ripe blackberry, toasted oak and a whiff of roasted coffee bean lead the nose and carry over to the palate of this forward wine. It's already extremely accessible so enjoy soon.
Very stout and rich, but nothing soft about this perfectly healthy, benchmark Chilean Cab. The nose pours forth with earth, licorice, balsamic notes and sly plum aromas, while the palate is cuddly but agile, with good balance and pure flavors of black fruits and chocolate. Drinkable now but ageable through 2014.
Layers of coffee, vanilla and spice lend an oaky undertone to this plump, easygoing red. The palate is approachably fruity, offering a generous dose of fleshy plum and cherry flavors. Feathery fine tannins and a kiss of vanilla mark the finish.
The bouquet is dry, briney and otherwise neutral. It feels wide and lemony, with flavors of citrus and white fruits. It remains mildly pickled on the finish.
Showing lovely Pinot Noir characteristics, this wine has savory flavors of red currants, mocha and spice. It turns a bit hot in the finish.
Light and touched with white pepper and fresh herb, this juicy young Barbera actually tastes like the grape; it's not just generic. Flavors combine strawberry, sour cherry and tobacco leaf; there's a residual flavor of licorice in the finish.
Anise, dark cherry, coffee grounds and fig aromas compose the nose on this Bordeaux-style blend of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot. Medium to full bodied, this wine bears meaty tannins and alcoholic warmth. Dense notes of cigar box, ash and leather surface on the palate.
From a fourth-generation winemaking and grape-growing family, this Cab with 5% Merlot conveys peppercorn, cedar and dried herb, a slice of pencil lead on the periphery. Cranberry, cherry and rhubarb dance around its smooth, substantial edges, with dense tannins and vanilla surging on the lengthy, spicy finish.
A bit floral or herbal on the nose, but there's also plenty of vibrant cherry fruit that broadens out on the midpalate, giving a nice feeling of fat. Soft tannins are accented by touches of black tea and anise on the black cherry finish. Imported by Broadbent Selections, Inc.
Flashy and showy, with ripe Cabernet flavors of cassis and plenty of new toasty oak. The tannins are ripe and sweet, yet there's a jagged mouthfeel, a minty sharpness, that detracts. Probably won't age out; drink now.
Aged in 20% new French oak, the wood overwhelms the fruit with notes of char and toast. While the variety gets lost, this off-dry wine still offers enjoyment though the alcohol distracts on the finish.
This wine is all about fruit—ripe, velvety in texture and rich on the palate. It is dense, black in character without allowing the natural tannins of the Tannat to dominate. With its fruit, it will develop over the medium term. Drink from 2017.
Villa Donoratico, a blend of Cabernet Sauvignon (60%), Cabernet Franc and Merlot, opens with bold, ripe cherry aromas followed by spice, leather, tobacco and smooth chocolate. The wine also earns points in the mouth thanks to its intensity and firm structure.
This full-bodied, lushly textured wine is 100% Viognier. Despite being aged nearly a year and a half in French oak, it retains a peppery aroma of nasturtium blossom along with toast and honey notes. Toasted nuts figure prominently on the palate, with just enough fruit weight to support the oak, while a touch of honey lingers on the finish. Drink now.
This is a lightly tropical, peach-fuzzy wine, grassy with a touch of dried herb that gives it a meaty undertone. Lemon and grapefruit round out the experience, before a substantially dry, intense finish.
Deeply flavored, dense and toasty, this full-throttle bottle punches up flavors of cherries and roasted walnuts. Tannins are thick and have a hint of char, and the big flavors are all in proportion.
Smoky and aromatic, this wine shows great fruitiness against dark, structured tannins. Raspberries and black cherries are layered with wood, spice and final intense acidity. Drink this still-firm wine from 2018.
Intense aromas suggest white rose petals, stone fruit and honey. The rich palate offers ripe yellow peach, apricot, candied ginger and clove with just enough freshness to keep it well balanced.
Fresh, leafy herbs and lemon zest perfume this slightly grapey, somewhat “foxy” if you will, wine. It's crisp and cutting in mouthfeel, finishing on a juicy white grapefruit note.
Not a very interesting; a soft, weak wine with aromas and flavors of canned fruits.
A rounded earthiness reminiscent of Bosc pear envelops this fluid, balanced and fruit-driven wine. It conveys effortless harmony with a creamy touch that's clear and beautiful. The light approach is admirable, the clean, apple-scented finish very satisfying.
Over the past several vintages, Villa's tannin management in its Reserve Cab-Merlot has evolved to make the wines more approachable young. This blend of 75% Cabernet and 25% Merlot is fleshy and supple without being soft, with leafy cassis fruit framed by hints of vanilla and charred oak. Drink now–2023.
Straightforward but structured, this opens with aromas of leafy underbrush, wet soil and stewed plum. The palate offers dried cherry, raisin, nutmeg and seasoned herbs framed by firm tannins.
This is a subdued expression of Extra Dry Prosecco that offers less aromatic intensity than other sparkling wines in this category. It does, however, offer a firmly tonic and compact mouthfeel with a polished finish that would pair well with cold cuts and sliced ham.
Nice, rugged mountain Zin, with the briary, brambly tannins and peppery taste of wild berries freshly picked off the vine. Alcohol adds heat and structure, and time in the barrel has softened the tannins. This might just be the perfect backyard barbecue red wine.
This wine is a blend of Syrah (79%), Cabernet Sauvignon (15%) and Petit Verdot. Aromas of herbs, black fruit, licorice and fruit leather are followed by ample cherry and blackberry flavors. The fruit seems a bit dried out at times.
An unusual late release to the American market, this wine shows its maturity, but elegantly. It still boasts bright black cherry flavor, but also prominent tones of mushroom, earth and leather. Puckery acidity adds freshness to the finish.
Here the fruit seems to stay in the watermelon/strawberry range, not under-ripe, but more in a high-acid, Euro style. The oak aging (18 months) cloaks it in a lush coat of milk chocolate.
Made from a predominance of Pinot Noir, with 8% Chardonnay, this is a full-bodied, creamy-thick sparkler. Its bouquet mixes shy white peach and strawberry-vanilla, elements that follow on the palate.
A barrel selection aged in three-quarters new oak, this is nonetheless surprisingly light, as the oak does not intrude. Elements of the entire red-fruit spectrum, from rhubarb to cranberry to raspberry to red plum all come up, though the wine retains a rather delicate aspect that rewards your attention. The tannins are drying and lightly chocolatey.
Fresh, dry and juicy in acids, showing peppery flavors of berry and cherry jam. A good value in a pleasant, everyday red wine.
Portuguese grapes are blended with Cabernet Sauvignon in this earthy, aromatic wine. It is dense and concentrated, very solid and chunky. The plum-skin fruits and flavors of red pepper and radish have spice added from wood aging.
A seriously ageworthy wine that has a crystal clarity, a sharp texture that then opens out with inviting green plum and apricot flavors. It remains intensely fresh, but richness develops under the taut minerality. Keep for many years. Imported by Blue Danube Wine Co.
This wine skirts the boundaries of ripeness, veering close to an extreme edge. Aged in American oak, 25% of it new, it's hedonistic and jammy in raspberry cobbler, brown sugar and baking spice, intense and tart, with a dry, peppery finish.
Aromas of cured meat, violet and grilled herb waft out of the glass. The rather diluted palate offers wild cherry, game and a salty note alongside fleeting tannins and zesty acidity.
The nose is shy and does not want to show its fruit. The very frothy, light palate displays hints of ripe yellow apple and glints of citrus. This is balanced and shows its fruit reluctantly but comes together beautifully on the dry finish.
Big, bold and brawny, this wine from a very famous vineyard shows off its savory edge with tufts of clove, leather, gun smoke and tea, providing the requisite dustiness on the palate for which the region is known. Medium bodied and integrated well, it represents the vintage and region in all good ways.
Jean Lissague, one of Bordeaux wine's “new generation,” produced the 100% Merlot with spice and firm tannins. It also has weight and richness from the generous fruitiness. Drink this structured wine starting from 2019.
Dark, rich and full bodied, this wine has great structure and bold, tasty flavors like boysenberry and blackberry. It feels firm and tannic on the palate, but without overdoing it. Generous fruit flavors linger on the finish.
A broody and juicy warm-climate Syrah that's nicely in balance, clean and tastes like fruit, all at a very attractive $16. Syrah is blended with 8% Cabernet Sauvignon.
Underbrush, dried rose, aromatic herb and a balsamic note of menthol slowly take shape. The full-bodied palate offers French oak, licorice, espresso, raspberry jam and mint alongside aggressive, somewhat grainy, tannins that leave a bracing finish. Drink 2019–2028.
Fresh citrus, apple and white-blossom notes are balanced neatly against layers of dusty mineral and earth in this nuanced Sauvignon Blanc. It's crisp and concentrated, rippling with tart pineapple and grapefruit flavors. On the palate, its silken texture expands and flows lavishly. It's a lovely wine already with a lingering lime-pith finish, but should hold well through at least 2022.
Initially this seems to be a delicious, mature wine, relatively dry but happily flavored with honey and spice. But there is a curious candy shop perfume that spoils the aftertaste.
A designation used only when a vintage deserves, this reserve is definitely worthy. Almost a decade after bottling, it offers an intensity of chocolate, cinnamon and clove against soft, mellowed and structured tannin. Dusty sage and a bramble of blackberry complete the picture. It may have another five to seven years of beauty left within, but why wait?
Amidst a stunning line up of 2012 Spätburgunder, even Thörle's ready-to-drink, entry-level bottling offers remarkable elegance and power. The palate is succulent and ripe, bursting of black cherry and plum flavors. Nuanced tones of herb and smoky mineral lend depth and complexity. It's an approachable yet very sophisticated wine.
Distinctive and precise, this well-priced wine should have a place in your cellar. It captures the specific characteristics—terroir if you will—that distinguish the best Willamette Valley Pinot Noirs: highlights of cola and herb, refreshing minerality, a perfect balance of fruit, acid and tannin, and a riveting liveliness in the mouth. All this without any hint of new oak makes this a winemaking tour de force.
A somewhat volatile nose introduces a wine that has a powerfully oaky flavor, perhaps from the 30 months it spent in 50% new American barrels. It seems a bit overdone, and the fruit heads into dry, pruny flavors. It is seemingly already past its prime.
This is a good value Merlot because there's a lot going on in the bottle, at a fair price. The wine is fully dry and balanced. Flavorwise, it offers a subtle blend of cherries, herbs, sweet tobacco and smoky oak. Nothing stands out, but the end result is a gentle wine that you don't get tired of sipping.
Most of the grapes for this wine were sourced in Lodi. For a 24,000-case production, this has plenty of personality. Spice, tobacco and coffee notes jump out first, followed by straightforward blueberry, jammy yumminess.
Starts off slightly gamy and meaty, then adds bright blueberry fruit and hints of peppery spice. It's creamy-smooth in texture, medium-bodied and nicely balanced on the juicy, mouthwatering finish. A good value red to lay in for summer grilling.
With its tangy cherry-pie and plum flavors, its excellent concentration and its accents of red licorice and loam, this is a flavorful and complex wine that's set in an elegant frame of acid and tannin. It takes full advantage of the refined style that the 2010 vintage has made possible.
Bursting with scents of watermelon sorbet on a warm summer day, this salmon-colored Grenache-Syrah-Mourvèdre pinkie hits the palate with peach and strawberry essence. It gives a brief impression of alcoholic heat before a buttery finish, in part due to the barrel fermentation. Unlike many rosés that are released right away, Oso Libre holds their richer style back for a while, allowing the layered flavors to properly integrate.
This wine, from a prime block of a famous vineyard, shows nectarine flesh, lime and lemon peel, salted butter and green herbs on the nose. The palate is still wound a little tight, but reveals green pear, citrus pith, lime juice, cheese rind and a touch of sour grass. Hold until 2016.
Very nutty aromas introduce this smooth and creamy wine. It has a rich feel that's fruity and ripe with flavors of spice, vanilla and caramel, as well as red apple. Ready to drink now. Screwcap.
This is a bargain Sangiovese that opens with simple, bright berry aromas shaped by easy oak renderings of vanilla and almond. The wine's texture is smooth, polished and consistent.
The nose is somewhat funky and earthy here, and doesn't show the lean fruit and herb elements the grape is capable of. A soft mouthfeel with some spritz and a slightly sweet, perfumed note on the finish mean that it can appeal to the non-wine-drinking crowd.
This well built wine boasts tart cherry fruit and citrusy acidity. That lemony character carries through the finish, adding lift and mouth-cleansing astringency.
This earthy Barolo has funky sensations of game, meat juices, oak, vanilla, spice and ripe black berry fruit. The warm midpalate and sweet fruit are balanced by tightly packed, astringent tannins that leave the mouth feeling dry. Drink after 2020.
Here's a wonderful rosé wine from (made with Nerello Mascalese grapes) that opens with a dusty pink color and fragrant tones of berry fruit and crushed stone. The wine has the density and staying power to pair with pork or veal.
With its firm structure and strongly steely tendencies, this wine will repay aging. Orange citrus is woven into the texture of the wine, showing acidity and a taut, tangy aftertaste. It will need time to come together, so drink from 2018.
This is a rich textured wine from the center of this Premier Cru. It has structure and concentration as well as generous white stone fruits. Densely packed with acidity, toast and a fine, creamy texture, the wine is likely to age well. It is produced from biodynamically grown grapes (as are all the Olivier Leflaive family Grand and Premier Crus). Drink from 2020.
Muddled aromas of tangerine, grapefruit and papaya seem a bit soapy in character. The palate feels a bit underripe, showing milky florals upfront and unconcentrated citrus on the back.
Pretty lavender and violet notes entice on the nose of this sparkling Pinot Noir. It's bold in mousse, boasting a dense, mouthfilling foam, yet fresh apple and pear flavors are envigorated by zesty lemon-lime acidity, leading to a long finish.
Dão Sul's showpiece quinta in Santar has produced this mellifluous, rich wine, with wood flavors that are married to yellow fruits, cantaloupe melon and a hint of acidity.
Textbook Sonoma Petite Sirah, midnight black in color, high in alcohol and enormously thick in blackberry, cassis and chocolate, with a bacony, funky note of cured meat. It's delicious now with richly-flavored meats and cheeses.
While this is largely neutral-smelling, it's flush in the mouth, with pithy citrus and green apple flavors. Lasting and steady on the finish, this blend of Chardonnay and Muscat is juicy and alert after initial dull aromas. Maritime Wine Trading Collective, Vintage Wines Inc.
This attractive wine is fresh and fruity, with raspberry flavors and a red cherry-skin edge of tannins. It is full and creamy, with a soft, ripe aftertaste. The bottling is ready to drink.
The Ataíde estate in the Alto Douro is one of the rare Douro vineyards to be relatively flat. From old vines, it produces a solid, structured and rich wine, with ripe swathes of plum and berry fruits that are structured by firm tannins. Young and fruity, this will age well, although it is drinkable now.
With judicious wood aging, this is a rich wine. Red berry and red-currant fruits dominate the acidity, giving a wine that is ripe and juicy. The aftertaste brings in attractive red cherries and acidity. Drink from 2017.
Lots of ripe, pleasurable flavors of blackberries, black currants, dark chocolate, plums and oak in this dry, nicely structured Cabernet. It's pretty tannic, though, with a tough astringency, and doesn't have the fruit to outlast the tannins over time, so give it a decant and drink soon.
Dark and inky, this natural wine is made from organic fruit, and it offers aromas of cured beef and prune, followed by accents of tobacco and wet earth. There's not much fruit, and it shows slightly bitter tannins on the close.
Small amounts of Cabernet Sauvignon, Petit Verdot and Syrah have been added to the blend, perhaps to amp up the color and cut the acids. This has pretty toast and strawberry tartness, light and lively. The finish hints at green pepper and herb.
The nose of this Cab is very inviting with heady aromas of black cherry, cassis and blueberry infused with leather and woody spice. More of the same unfolds on the palate with cedar notes supporting the dark fruit. The mouthfeel is round and full but structured with tightly woven tannins carrying through the long finish.
There's a closed-off and slightly bitter edge to this wine, a blend of 35% Petit Verdot, 25% Malbec, 20% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Cabernet Franc and 10% Merlot. A weedy, herbal streak is most prominent throughout.
Here's a hit from Tuscany that boasts rich concentration and thick layers of fruit, spice, cola, molasses and almond. The color is gorgeous and so is the mouthfeel that really comes alive thanks to the wine's delicate balance between fruit and tonic freshness.
A nice, easy Cabernet to drink now, this shows real class in its smooth texture and flavors of blackberries, blueberries, cherries and chocolate, nicely accented by sweet, smoky oak.
Layered aromas of dried rose petals and violets meet with peppery strawberry and plum fruit, proving relatively light with crushed-rock minerality on the nose. The palate is also light but juicy with strawberry, soft cherry and red currant, spiced by black pepper. The tannic structure builds throughout the sip.
The West Block selection shows more earth, fungus and black tea flavors than its stablemates. It also seems more closed in at this stage, though it is well balanced and has interesting textural components. Graphite, loam and sour plum dominate.
A concentrated and dense wine. Intense in its wood aging, this is still a young wine. The fruit is certainly rich, with black currants dominant overlain with spice from the wood and with dark tannins.
Aromas of ripe plum, violet, vanilla, toast and leafy underbrush come together on this is full-bodied red. The palate offers black cherry marinated in spirits, grilled porcini mushroom and dried aromatic herb alongside assertive tannins that leave a somewhat drying finish.
A wine that has more richness than typical for Muscadet. A candy-shop sweetness broadens out the wine's citrusy acids, leaving behind a sense of softness on the finish.
Citron, lemon rind and pastry crust aromas travel to a vigorous palate of foaming bubbles and racing acidity. A sweet plastic note meets a squeeze of lemon on the finish.
From the Zamora region, this Tempranillo is dark, well oaked and dense. The nose is full of black cherry and charred oak that gives off a shoe polish scent. The palate is round and smooth, with oak-dominated black fruit and minty, spicy flavors. A modern, meaty wine by any measure. Drink now through 2020.
A full, balanced wine with layers of grapefruit and a pure citrus streak. Secondary flavors of almonds and toast add complexity. This is not profound, but it is eminently enjoyable.
This offering conveys blueberry, herbs, olive and tire rubber. The flavors are lighter in style, with just a hint of sweetness, trailing toward the finish. This would make an excellent and crowd-pleasing by-the-glass selection.
Very dry, tannic and stubborn right now, this is a contrarian wine that makes the argument for austerity and structure, rather than immediate lushness. The tannins hit hard, but there's a wealth of blackberry fruit, with the oak aging adding a delicious, creamy, smoky note. This is impressive, although it takes a certain understanding to properly appreciate it. Drink now, after decanting.
Aromas of citrus and stone fruits feed into a clunky, high-acid palate that's pithy and citric in feel. Flavors of orange juice, tangerine and pineapple create citrus overload, while the finish is even more citrusy.
This offers aromas of almond, citrus zest and orchard fruit. The firm, rich palate delivers lemon drop, white peach and yellow apple while bright acidity and small, persistent bubbles provide the framework. It ends crisp and refreshing.
Its pale-gold color gives this rich, oaky style away. Lemon, green papaya, mint, nuts and wet stone all mingle with tongue-tingling acidity. The palate is on the lean and mean side at the moment, and the oak sticks out too, but there's a redeeming smokey, mineral finish and the hope that all will settle with time. Drink now–2025.
This blend of 85% Syrah, 10% Grenache and 5% Carignan is aging beautifully, and still shows great life ahead. Spice and toasted-oak notes are front and center, with supporting aromas and flavors of dense black-fruit preserves, crushed violet and cocoa powder. The texture is still firm and tight, with slightly chewy tannins and a long, earth- and wood-flavored finish.
While it shares the same floral overtones, the 2010 Bedell Cabernet Franc is a marked contrast to the demure 2011 vintage. This one is a bold, concentrated powerhouse of red cherry flavor, with a rich, lavish texture and a dark granite minerality that's penetrating to the finish. Equally good, but fascinating side-by-side.
Like all Thomas Fogarty's Chardonnays, this is dry, acidic and minerally. It is not one of those ultrarich Chards dripping with buttered popcorn and tropical fruit jam. Wine aficionados will appreciate the Chablis-like citrus fruit, white flower and steel elegance.
Generous in spicy clove and dark cherry fruit, a mark of its Middle Reach Russian River Valley clime, this wine is full of life and minerality. It offers good value for Russian River Valley, and the finish boasts a zesty pepper accent.
Tropical fruit aromas are suggestive of bath soap and body oil. This feels obtuse, with depth and an oily sensation to the palate. Chunky, ripe, oily flavors of melon and orange finish loud and ripe, with a deeper set of tropical fruit flavors than your average Argentine Torrontés.
There's a brambly, slightly raw or sharp note here that comes off as white cherry, wild berry and spice. In the mouth, the wine shows bright acidity and polished tannins.
While this Pinot has gorgeous, generous raspberry, cola, mushroom and sweet oak flavors, it also possesses a superb structure of tannins and acids that makes it successful. In that sense, it's a masterful balance of power and elegance, and is distinctly Pinot Noir-esque in its silky texture. Drink now–2017, depending on your taste for older Pinot.
Dry and a bit sharp, this Rheinhessen trocken has some funky low notes under its peach and pear fruit. It's light on its feet and suitable for a raw bar. Drink up.
Picked at 33 brix and fermented in new French oak, this heavy, almost oily dessert wine has a floral aroma as intense as bottled perfume. Flavors suggest orange liqueur, honey and candied apricots. It pulls together just enough acidity to avoid falling into a fat, cloying finish.
As sweet as a Starbucks drink, with sugary flavors of cherries, raspberries, mocha and cinnamon. Not really a dry table wine.
This blend of 51% Cabernet Sauvignon, 38% Pinotage, and the remainder Merlot has nice aromas of balsam, red fruit, and spice. But the palate is heavy and chunky, with the 14% alcohol showing through. Sour cherry and dark berry flavors dominate, but are marred by band-aid flavors.
This commemorates the original Russian settlement of Fort Ross. The wine is dry, intense and delicious, showing brisk acidity and tannins that frame ripe raspberry, cherry and pomegranate flavors. It's fine to drink now, but will develop bottle complexity over the next 5–6 years.
Tastes and feels rustic in the harshness of the tannins, which hint at unripeness, and the green, minty edge to the blackberries and cola. Ready now.
This might be one of Oregon's best Cabernet efforts to date. Yes, it's firm, with hard tannins, but time should allow that to settle down. In the meantime, there's char, road tar and caramel on the nose, while plum, cassis and chocolate dominate the rich, extracted palate. Toward the end it's the tannic structure that makes itself most felt. But again, some time in the cellar is probably all it requires.
Papaya and stone-fruit aromas are fleshy and a touch green and grassy, giving way to dustiness upon airing. This feels spritzy and good, with a full complement of golden apple, white grape and green plum flavors. Solid, stony and minerally on the finish, with a hint of tropical fruit flavor.
The chateau owes its name to the 18th-century Joseph Laffitte who created the estate. The wine ,which comes from the heart of Saint-Estèphe, is ripe with spice. With generous tannins and equally generous fruit, it is dominated by Cabernet Sauvignon that gives it the structure as well as the juicy fruitiness. Drink this fine wine from 2021.
Notes of cola, black pepper and cocoa on the nose are followed by touches of red cherry, cedar and spice in this elegant red. It has a dry, sophisticated character but good red fruit roundness to balance the package.
Ripe, tropical fruit aromas mark this spicy, well-made wine. The aromas veer toward breadfruit, mango and even banana, with Oriental spice notes of ginger and cinnamon. Drinks rich and powerful, with up-front fruit, and finishes long and spicy.
The cocoa, herb and woodspice aromas are still quite locked up. The black cherry flavors are more revealing, showing a pleasing tartness and sense of elegance.
From a small estate, this big, ripe and fruity wine has swathes of black fruits to go with the dark, brooding tannins. Very broad and fruity, the wine is always likely to be structured. Drink from 2017.
Heavy, with blackberry and blueberry jam and pepper flavors wrapped into strong tannins. It's a dry, well-ripened wine, but needs greater liveliness and complexity, especially at this price.
Ripe, earthy plum and prune aromas come with complex notes of graphite, vanilla and marzipan. This feels solid and lifted, with lightly charred blackberry and cassis flavors. A heady finish with mild heat and burn closes the show. this is 95% Cabernet Sauvignon with drops of Shiraz and Merlot.
A throwback to the monster Shiraz style of old, with loads of toasty, vanilla-laden oak, meaty nuances and driving, intense boysenberry fruit, the 2004 Grange should prove tremendously long-lived. Its massive concentration and firm tannins suggest cellaring through 2020, after which it should drink well for at least another decade or two.
Lemony and high-strung, this is a light, bright and low-in-oak wine from an appellation better known for varieties like Zinfandel and Sauvignon Blanc. It works though, providing a tension of acidity with citrusy concentration.
Sangiovese and 5% Canaiolo are behind this polished red. It opens with aromas of black cherry, red berry, underbrush and white pepper that follow through to the medium-bodied palate along with a tobacco note. It's linear and easygoing, with supple tannins.
Aromas of ripe yellow pear, toasted bread crust and a whiff of candied lemon drop slowly emerge on the nose. The rich, deeply colored palate doles out pastry cream, nectarine zest and walnut. Tangy acidity brightens the creamy flavors.
This is a rich and full-bodied wine. While it is certainly packed with crunchy cherry flavors, it also has a more tannic and structured side giving it a firm texture to back up the fruitiness. The aftertaste is juicy and ripe.
Pale in color, this is a light-tasting wine. It does have just enough fruit to give some red-fruit flavors. Everything though is light—a crisp reflection of the light of Saint-Tropez. Drink now.
Softly gentle, this lovely, elegant Syrah has aromas and flavors of crushed black peppercorns, black cherries, cassis and cocoa, with a leathery edge. It has the fine, polished tannins of Napa Valley, and is fully ready to drink now.
Here's a dark, plush and modern Barbera with thick, chocolate tones followed by spice, espresso and blackberry. You'll get a whiff of the grape's natural acidity, but in the case of this well-crafted wine, its thickness, density and extraction dominate the experience overall.
This is an intense and very aromatic Sauvignon that boasts exotic fruit and herbal tones, but it also has a distinct note of peanut or butterscotch in the background that takes away from the natural fruit. The wine is lean and fresh in the mouth.
With its vanilla buttercream and spicy, smoky overtones, this Chard also shows underlying fruit flavors of pineapples, peaches, pears and green apples. It's a crisp, supple young wine, and this is a good price to pay.
Zesty white grapefruit and blossoms perfume this full-bodied Sauvignon Blanc. It's expansive and bold in mouthfeel, but swathes of freshly cut grass and crisp green plum lend freshness.
A green note of caper or olive appears first on the nose of this ruby-colored Nero d'Avola. The wine shows soft tannins and enough freshness to pair with Sicilian eggplant caponata.
The color of castor oil, this sweet table wine offers clove and root beer flavors that cling to the finish.
Made from a block in the estate vineyard, the Chardonnay shows classic Green Valley acidity and savory flavors of Key lime pie, stony minerals, Asian pears and pineapple brûlée, with a rich coating of smoky oak. For all the opulence, it's totally dry on the finish. Complex and compelling. Drink now–2013 for freshness and vitality.
Another narrow, cranberry-tomato tartly-fruited red. A hint of sweet, sweaty leather (nicer than it sounds) and the round, smooth mouthfeel add some character here. But this finishes with prickly tannins and a slight metallic note. It needs more and deeper fruit.
This is yet another magnetic example from the Eguren stable that includes El Puntido, San Vicente, Finca El Bosque and the many Sierra Cantabria wines. It's a racy, red-fruit dominated Tempranillo with raspberry, plum and cassis flavors accented by firm, almost blazing acidity. It's definitely tighter and more compact than the more generous, richer 2005 La Nieta. Imported by Tempranillo, Inc.
Roasted berry and a strong blast of rubber and black olive aromas set up a round, bouncy palate with resiny oak and loamy, generic berry flavors touched up by green herbs and spice. This is warm, oaky and regular on the finish.
The restrained nose shows some white peach notes, lees and stony minerality. This is complex, layered and persistent across the palate, opening up to ample stone fruit flavors, earthy notes, dried herbs and spice. Crisp, with sweetness, moderately concentrated flavors and a rich texture all in balance, if a little loose knit on the finish.
This is the winery's fruitier, more accessible Syrah. Full bodied and fruity, it's fine introduction to Terre Rouge wines.
It's easy drinking with this silky, delicate Pinot, with its flavors of rhubarb, beet, cola and cherry, and cinnamon-spice finish. This dry wine is probably at its best now.
Herbaceous, crisp wine with green notes leading to grapefruit and lemon zest flavors. The wine is clear as a bell, with its fruit deliciously forward.
Luscious dark fruit and huge aromatic complexity: dark red cherry, crème de cassis, black licorice, dried ginger and ground pepper. Defined and tight in the mouth, with a long finish.
This Pinotage-dominant blend is a bit closed to begin, but opens up after some time in the glass to reveal enticing notes of dark berries, plums and whole vanilla beans. Medium tannins and jammy, crushed-berry fruit flavors flesh out the palate, ending on a textured plum-skin flavor.
Fits the big-production Aussie recipe to a T, blending tropical fruit, vanilla, apple and citrus flavors. It's just a little lighter than expected and finishes short.
Bubbly and bright, this has cheerful aromas of citrus, white almond and wild flower. Clean, tonic and refreshing overall, this would make for a great afternoon sipper.
Streamlined and bright, this offers the aromatic intensity and complexity one should expect from Roero. Aromas include chopped mint, cola and wild berry.
Ripe plum and violet aromas carry a slight note of prune. A beefy palate shows hard tannins but nothing too tough that food can't tame. Blackened, roasted blackberry and blueberry flavors finish with charred, meaty intensity. Drink through 2020.
Raisin and funky leather are the prime aromas on this marginal Tempranillo. Expect a dried-out, tart and herbal wine, with a raisiny sweetness.
This Fontana family wine is concentrated and ripe. Blackberry and red fruits go with balanced acidity to give a wine that's already drinkable. Tannins support the ripe, full foreground. Drink now, or, better, from late 2016.
Starts with a funky smell that doesn't go away despite lots of airing. Underneath that is a very dry, very tannic and deeply flavored Zinfandel, rich in berries, cola and spices. That barnyardy smell is troubling.
Although it's rich in honey-like flavors, the dry finish makes this more table wine than dessert wine. With extraordinary acidity and flavors of tangerine and vanilla, it's delicious, but there's a complexity that sommeliers will find wonderfully challenging to match with food.
This wine is all bramble and brawn. High-octane in power and ripeness, it has a juicy core of mocha-laced blackberry fruit. Pencil shavings and gravel notes add a tease of minerality amongst all that richness.
With cherry, cola, pomegranate, herb tea and smoky vanilla flavors, this Pinot is dry, silky and direct, offering immediate charm. At its best now.
This is a lovely, while bombastically full-bodied, 100% varietal wine, brooding in blackberry jam, peppery cinnamon and an inviting floral nose of cherry blossom. The body drinks lean despite its power and underlying ripeness, remaining lengthy and complex through the finish. Drink now through 2021.
A bit oily and fleshy on the bouquet, with toasty oak aromas. It feels good, with a proper meshing of acidity and body weight. Flavors of orange and apple come with oak-based cinnamon notes, while the finish is tropical, warm and long.
Full of the bright fruit typical of the vintage, this wine is made from 90% Merlot with a touch of Cabernet Franc. It's structured with still-young tannins and is dominated by red berry fruit, needing to age until 2021.
This unusual blend of Sémillon, Chenin Blanc and Sauvignon Blanc is good but isn't for everyone—the bouquet is a garden-fresh blend of gooseberries, green bananas and leafy lettuce; the palate shows clean, zingy green pea and cilantro flavors. It's lightweight, with a slightly tart, fresh-cut wood and citrus finish. Would go well with shrimp or white fish.
This open, perfumed and fruity wine is crisp and bright. It also has a warm, apricot and ripe pear fruitiness that balances the citrus acidity. It's attractive now and ready to drink.
They grow powerful grapes in parts of Amador County and this one stands out for its elevated alcohol. The mix of 70% Zinfandel and smaller helpings of Mourvèdre, Barbera, Syrah and Touriga combine for a spicy cola taste. Leathery notes and big tannins linger long on the finish.
Barolo Vigna San Giacomo is a meaty, masculine expression of Nebbiolo with dense, dark fruit, cherry, plum and prune with accents of bresaola, smoked beef and spice. The tannins are drying and firm and this style of wine could pair with turkey roast with raisin, apple and sage stuffing.
At almost half Cabernet Franc (49%), this is slightly leafier than what most producers are pulling out of the Gimblett Gravels. The balance is Cabernet Sauvignon (39%), with small amounts of Merlot (9%) and Malbec (3%). The tobacco, chocolate and cassis notes are carried by medium body and a firm, dry texture. Drink 2019–2030.
Smoke and earth tones add funk to the nose of this delicate off-dry wine. The palate is pristine with crisp white peach and apricot flavors, but biting acidity and a bitter lemon-pith note leave the finish taut.
Aromas like new leather, tobacco and spices lead to vivid cranberry and raspberry flavors in this lively, fine-textured, authentic-tasting wine. It has a medium to light color, medium body, firm tannins and a great mouthwatering character partly because of its relative leanness.
Rich aromas of boysenberry, cranberry, pipe tobacco and dark chocolate prepare the palate for flavors of cherry syrup and pomegranate. Soft but persistent tannins are apparent in the mouth, and the finish offers lingering flavors of dark chocolate and coffee.
Very ripe, juicy yellow Comice pear seems to drip from this lip-smacking, charming wine. At the core a vein of wonderful, lively acidity gives acidity and lots of drive. For now this concentrated wine shows zesty fruit but it also has stores of minerality.
Smoothly seductive in bright red-berry and pomegranate fruit, this young Zinfandel comes from mostly Dry Creek Valley vineyards. Rippling in baking spice and subtle vanilla oak, it's a complete wine, with balanced acidity and mellowed tannins. Clean and long on the finish, it will complement rather than overpower a meal.
From an emerging Mendocino appellation, an engaging, dry wine. Its mouth-cleansing acidity is fresh and clean, highlighting pretty flavors of lime and honeydew, and leads to a tart finish.
A restrained nose only reveals faint hints of baked apple. The palate comes in with ripe red apple and a rather bitter edge of almond. The body is light but balanced while the finish is dry and poised.
This wine is made entirely from the Martini clone of the variety, a heritage clone that imparts a lovely perfume of raspberry and rose that's hard to resist. Moderately spicy cola seasons a voluptuous midpalate that fills with length as the wine develops, never letting go of its unshakeable prettiness.
This is a beautiful wine, fully expressive of the vineyard and vintage. It's showy in juicy red and black wild berries, with just-right additions of cinnamon and black pepper. Full bodied and concentrated, it remains approachable and an ideal companion to meaty fare.
Lush dark fruits abound: Blackberries, boysenberries, black cherry and even a suggestion of cassis. This wine has excellent balance and polish, with restrained barrel flavors. The fruit speaks volumes.
This little-known grape from the Campania region of southern Italy boasts many nutty, almost pine-like aromas over melon, peach and pear. Medium intensity and freshness characterize the mouth and suggest a pairing with simple grilled fish or vegetables.
Dark purple fruit is upstaged by the strong umami character on the nose of this blend of 41% Syrah, 32% Mourvèdre and 27% Grenache, reminiscent of soy, shiitake mushroom and beef jerky. There is a rustic and gamy quality to the dark berry-laced palate, with meat, leather and spice qualities, lifted by a touch of licorice.
Stout on the nose, big in color and lively as they come. After early aromas of wet cement and moss give way to bold fruit, the wine unfolds to display flavors of cassis, cherry and plum. There's clarity and purpose here, with full-bore tannins and rock-solid structure. Maybe not the most complex wine you'll ever try, but definitely a good example of Chilean Cabernet.
Largely neutral lime and generic citrus aromas lead to the type of crisp, fresh palate Txakoli is known for. Tart, snappy lemon and orange flavors are lasting on a cutting finish.
Funky, oaky aromas are low on fruit and fail to strike the high notes. Racy but heavy on the palate, this tastes oaky, earthy and lightly fruity.
Heady smoky aromas of blackberry, prune, licorice and fine oak announce a tannic, deep and firmly built palate. Spicy, toasty oak notes blend with ripe blackberry and cassis flavors, while an oaky peppery toasted finish is potent and bodes well for the future; drink this Malbec-Cabernet Sauvignon combo from 2018–2026.
Pretty, supple purple fruits infuse this interesting blend of Tempranillo, Grenache and Mourvèdre. No one grape dominates; the flavors are smoothly integrated and well-matched, with an undercoating of smoke, licorice, pastis and coffee. Nicely polished tannins.
Made from 79% Cabernet Sauvignon, 13% Merlot and 8% Cabernet Franc, this wine shows a rich, full-bodied and juicy core of soft, baked plum, cherry and vanilla flavors, with a lingering streak of cinnamon. Not a vineyard designate, this is rather a selection of complementary wine lots and barrels.
Kumeu's entry-level Chardonnay shows less concentrated fruit and less oak influence than its big siblings, but nonetheless displays ample pineapple and pear fruit in a full-bodied format. The oak is barely noticeable, making the wine straightforward and easy to drink.
The aromas bring high-toned, somewhat unusual notes of herbs, vanilla, toffee and tire rubber. The berry flavors are ripe, with nutty accents and a squeeze of tannins.
Produced with advice from consultant Michel Rolland, this delicious, easygoing rosé is ripe and full in the mouth. It has plenty of acidity coming from its red currant fruitiness. The wine finishes softly, ready for a summer's day.
Strong, candied flavors of cola, cherries, rhubarb pie and persimmons mark this Pinot Noir. While it has a good structure of acids and tannins, and the alcohol isn't too high, it would benefit from greater subtlety and restraint.
Clean, brisk and balanced, with good varietal flavors of pineapples, limes, peaches and exotic tropical fruits, brightened with zesty acidity. This is a good price for a classic California Chardonnay.
Here's a good Cabernet to drink now. It's soft and gritty in tannins, with ripely forward blackberry, cherry and currant flavors, coated with sweet, smoky oak.
Although the nose is rather shy and closed, the palate expands with supple red fruit and spicy tartness. This is a mellow, light-bodied Pinot Noir that's elegant and full of freshness, with a heart of plump, red fruit ready for drinking now.
It's an intriguing idea to blend fruit from the Rhine and the Mosel, theoretically balancing the best qualities of each. Astute tasters will catch a little bit of that in this wine, with darker spice notes playing against brighter floral nuances. The result is a pleasant if rather generic Riesling that finishes with soft pear and melon fruit.
Velvety smooth, and brimming with ripe berry flavors, this wine feels broad and rich on the palate, carrying flavors like black plums and boysenberry jam. So ripe it's almost sweet, the wine is nothing if not generous and fruity. A 7% addition of Port-style sweet wine gives it that extra dimension.
Deep, compact and rich on the nose, with a big dose of ripe berry aromas. The palate is healthy and blends a beefy, muscular body with balancing acids and firm but ripe tannins. Tastes pretty and sweet, like blackberry or plum pie. Chewy and chocolaty on the finish; overall it's a winner.
Fat, fleshy and ripe, showing masses of blackberry nectar, smoky-sweet new oak, vanilla, cocoa and Asian spices that are delivered with pinpoint focus and depth. Crisp acidity gives it a fresh, clean feel. Flamboyant and impressive now for its sheer opulence, but those Howell Mountain tannins give it the room to gain bottle complexity through at least 2018.
This is rich and opulent while still preserving its acidity and concentrated structure. It's floral and minerally, fragrant, round and crisp. Age for 3–4 years.
Here's a very cheerful and informal Italian Chardonnay that drinks as easily and as pleasantly as a crisp Pinot Grigio. The wine opens with a luminous, transparent color and bright aromas of citrus and cut grass.
This is a lush and satisfying Rivesaltes Ambré, made from 100% White Grenache and aged in oak for seven years. There's a gorgeous rancio quality to the wine with notes of almond and orange rind throughout, framed by aromas and flavors of quince paste, wood-grilled peach, fruit cake and carmelized date. The long finish shows good evolution, transitioning from notes of stone fruit to peach pit and finally ending on a sweet spice accent.
White flower, citrus and exotic fruit aromas follow through to the juicy palate along with notes of toasted almond and mineral. It's vibrant and balanced, with brisk acidity.
This kitchen sink-style blend brings appealing notes of cranberry, black plum, dark flowers and licorice. It's elegant in style, with soft fruit flavors and minimal new oak influence.
This is a big wine from a stellar vineyard in the heart of Oakville, sizable on the palate in billowy tannin, tobacco, black plum and milk chocolate. Full bodied in every way, it has a smooth, velvety nature that should soften further in time, allowing for a finish of compost and tea. Drink now through 2023.
Dry and earthy, with tobacco, mushroom and raspberry flavors, accented with smoky oak. Feels a bit hollow in the middle palate and short on the finish, but is an elegant, silky wine. Drink now.
Soft, ripe flavors approximate baked apples or pears laced with cinnamon and allspice, even incorporating a hint of dusty tannin into the mix on the drying finish.
Austria-trained, Santa Barbara County-based winemaker Graham Tatomer is causing a Riesling renaissance, thanks to wines like this with aromas of orange blossom, citrus rinds and hints of gasoline. With flavors of toasted nuts, lemon juice, tangerine pith and chalky grip, this is a great canvas for cellar aging to paint a remarkable wine. Drink 2018–2030.
Made from equal proportions of Pinot Noir and Chardonnay, this vintage sparkler is dry and doughy, with an inviting brightness of acidity. It sizzles in a lovely display of peach, nectarine and strawberry, with a slight nuance of vanilla and hazelnut, remaining dry and balanced through the lengthy finish.
This is all about power and rich fruit. A great depth of flavor, dark and brooding, but also with great sweetness and richness. This is an outstanding powerful wine, which will age.
Juicy blackberry and cassis accent a balanced elegant wine that's bright in acidity and ample in structure. Nuanced in ripeness, it's built for the table and will shine alongside a versatile array of foods.
This inaugural release of this wine is cherry in both color and flavor, framed with tangy grapefruit-like acidity. Medium in body and plush in texture, it's a full celebration of the variety, with rose petal and cherry cola nuances.
It was fun comparing this Cab with the winery's '02 Claret. Two more different wines couldn't be imagined. This one, with considerably more Cabernet, is harder and firmer in tannins, with an impressively ripe core of black currants. Tastes oakier, too, but can easily handle it. Drink now through 2007.
This is recognizably Pinot-esque with its silky mouthfeel and flavors of cherries and cola, but beyond that, all similarities stop. It's slightly sweet and too soft.
This cool-climate Pinot Noir is soft and gentle. Its ripe tannins and cherry flavors are both lightly structured and juicy. Although still young, it's ready to drink.
Just about as big, powerful and impressive as the variety gets. The wild berry, currant, smoked meat, tobacco, licorice and white pepper flavors explode in the mouth, contained by big, tight tannins. Right now there's a sharp cut of acidity that detracts, but the tartness should help the wine age. Give it 4-5 years in the cellar.
An aromatic explosion with notes of white pepper, menthol, black cherry, and vanilla. It's medium bodied with citrusy acidity and firm tannins with oak notes fleshing out the finish. A delightful bottle that deserves a place at the dinner table.
The aromas are much more closed and dense than the regular bottling. Airing reveals plum, currant and cinnamon, and a good dose of toasty oak. Thick and dense, with fine fruit, intricate tannins, and oak. Delicious now, but will gain complexity with short-term aging. Only 329 cases produced.
The underlying wine, before the winemaker put it into oak barrels, was delicious in tangerine and pineapple fruit, brightened with brilliantly crisp acidity and a fine, steely minerality. The oak, which is modest, adds a richer coating of buttered toast. A great price for a Chardonnay this drinkable.
Unbalanced, with unripe, vegetal flavors next to the cherries. There's a sweet-sour Lifesaver candy taste through the acidic finish.
A Négrette-based wine, this is full of red berry flavors and that leathery, polished character that is typical of the grape. It has plenty of acidity as well as a tight, tannic character. The wine will always be tannic, so it is ready to drink now.
Initially tight and mineral, this wine then begins to show structure—fresh, toasty wood and spice. Green apple skin and melon flavors give both structure and ripeness. Think food with this wine.
The wine opens with an attractive, saturated golden color and segues into ripe aromas of apricot, mature peach, honey and melon. There are loads of honey-like flavors in the mouth and the wine is pleasantly round and creamy overall.
This quiet Albariño comes from the Vicente Gandia family of wines. It opens with short, peppery aromas backed by a medium-bodied palate. Peppery, slightly bitter flavors echo the nose, with a hint of stone fruit to help it along. Drink now.
Winemaker Jacques Grange produces relatively small quantities of this blend of 70% Grenache and 10% each of Bourboulenc, Clairette and Viognier. It's moderately weighty, but also refreshing, with bright notes of pineapple, star anise and balsam fir. Drink it over the next six months.
The top red from Adega Mayor, this is serious and impressive. Its firm, dry and dusty tannins are balanced by an intense blackberry flavor and contrasted with licorice and coffee notes. As it ages, it will become more intense and elegant.
This is a perfumed, juicy wine. It has attractive red-berry fruits and touches of black currant. Still young, the wine is still shot through with tannins and a firm structure. This will soften over the next year to give a fruity, smooth wine. Drink from 2018.
Bright and wound up tight, this single-vineyard entry offers nicely-focused raspberry and cherry fruit. Brief barrel aging has added a touch of chocolate around the tannins.
Baked lemon, jasmine and honeyed Pink Lady apples open the nose of this bottling, a special anniversary project for the usually Rhône-only winery. Lighter flavors of lemon zest and crisp apple flesh sit atop a chalky grip, making for a wine that would work well with a variety of lighter foods.
This is a lovely and sophisticated expression of Petit Verdot from Sicily with elegant graphite and mineral tones that back plum, prune, spice and loads of toasted nut. The wine is aged 16 month in oak, so those spice and smoke tones are also evident on the tasty finish.
A well-made, delicious Pinot Noir. While it's a bit heavy for this variety, almost like a Grenache, there's no denying the wealth of cherry, licorice, bacon and cola flavor. Should hold well in the bottle over 3–5 years.
Charred, roasted, rubbery aromas are low on fruit. Saucy and rough on the palate, this Tempranillo called the “forgotten one” tastes vegetal, meaty, savory and roasted, then stale on the finish.
This unusual blend of Merlot and Cabernet Franc shows leathery, blackberry, mint and oaky aromas and flavors, and is pretty tannic. It numbs the mouth, but there's a rich core of fruit that may age out.
This is a Rhône blend based on Syrah and Grenache. It's super-fruity, with a blast of blackberries, cherries, currants and milk chocolate that taste like they were baked into a tart, and the texture is soft and velvety. Drink now.
This ripe wine's delicious sweetness comes from the delicious honey, ripe apricot and mango flavors. Delicate acidity is balanced against these notes, giving the palate a citrusy edge.
Opaque in color, with smoky aromas of bacon, berry purée, latex and dried herbs. Feels saturated and grapy, with big, plodding tannins in front of soft, stewed flavors of blackberry and prune. Darkens up on what amounts to a soft finish. Pure Grenache.
Ripe, lush and immediately attractive, this Chard offers rich tiers of pineapple custard, pear marmalade, vanilla, buttered toast, toasted coconut and Asian spice flavors. It's a strong, flamboyant wine that calls for equally strong foods, like lobster.
Assertive and delicious, this light-bodied and dry wine has dramatic aromas of wood smoke, wet stones and even diesel. Those are classic for the German grape varieties from which it was made, as are the light peach and white pepper flavors that ride an elegant texture and slightly sweet balance.
Dry and delicious, with sweet oak-inspired flavors of red berries, cola, leather and dusty Indian spices. Could be crisper in acidity, but it's a fine, briary Zinfandel to drink now.
A wine that brings out all the richness of 2009. It has great plum and red cherry flavors, touched with spice, then finished with sweet acidity. The concentration is there, along with final acidity.
Barrel aromas and malolactic notes are prominent in this wine, suggesting baking spice and vanilla. The palate is full and creamy, needing a bit more acidity to hold it together but still providing enjoyment.
This blend of Zinfandel, Carignane, Petite Sirah and Mataro (Mourvèdre) is a good, rather rustic red wine. It has strong, jammy flavors of cherries, red currants, plumped raisins, peppery spices and sandalwood, and turns a little sweet on the finish.
An elegant wine, its red fruits laced with firm yet subtle tannins. It is finished with acidity, a balanced layer of wood. The wine, with its serious structure, needs 2–3 years aging.
Vigne Alte is a fresh, easy Valpolicella blend that could pair with a lunch of roof beef or a ruben sandwich with French fries. The wine is clean and linear with bright berry tones and fresh acidity.
A popular restaurant choice, Santa Margherita epitomizes the light, breezy style that has made Pinot Grigio an American sweetheart. Aromas include peach, citrus, honey and pear. The wine is crisp and clean in the mouth with very friendly alcohol at an approachable 12%.
This robust red starts with aromas of coffee, smoke, leather and pepper followed by flavors of coffee, smoke, cedar and spicebox. A stylish wine with a taut edge.
This is an unusual, exotic take on Malbec. The bouquet delivers cardamom, sandalwood and spiced black currant aromas. In the mouth, it's grabby with pinching tannins. Blueberry and cardamom flavors end ripe, with decent follow through. Drink now.
It has very crisp acids and those kiwi and lime flavors that mark cool-climate Chards. Oak and lees aging add richer, creamier notes.
An unusual and exotic bouquet is the greeting; it smells like Middle Eastern spice, blueberry and cinnamon. Runs a bit flat and syrupy in the mouth, with raisin, stewed plum and spicy flavors. Fig and carob flavors define the finish, which is thick and soft.
This late-harvest wine was frozen cryogenically and aged in neutral casks prior to bottling. It's mid-level sweet, with much higher alcohol than most such efforts. Candied pears come to mind, with residual phenolic bitterness in the finish.
Aromas of mature black fruit, leather, vanilla and a whiff of incense take shape in the glass. The palate offers dried cherry, licorice and espresso alongside hearty tannins.
Soft and mouth-filling, this Central Coast Grenache offers a flood of flavors. Cherries, black raspberries, milk chocolate and vanilla flood the palate, wrapped into rich, finely ground tannins. Drink now.
Because of such small harvests in 2013 because of hail, Alex Gambal decided to make one wine from all his premier cru parcels in Savigny-lès-Beaune. This wine is rich and ripe, full of sweet crushed strawberry flavors as well as a dry core of structure. Age this fine wine and drink from 2017.
Char and toast singe ruddy black cherries and plums in this dark, full-bodied Pinot Noir. It's plush and luscious in texture, with brambly notes on the midpalate and fine, slightly bitter tannins lend complexity.
Produced from Malbec and fashionably pale, this wine is named after Julie Perrin, daughter of owner Alain-Dominique Perrin. It is light and deliciously crisp and refreshing. Bone dry, it is certainly a food rosé, although with its light raspberry flavor it will also be good as an apéritif. Julie Perrin, an artist, worked on the blend and created the château watercolor on the bottle.
Dark, big, rich and tannic, but savory in ripe red currants and licorice, this slightly rustic Zin will pair well with rich meats and cheeses and especially barbecue.
The nose of this wine is intriguingly complex, hinting at violets, campfire, eucalyptus and cherry, yet on the palate, the wine doesn't fully live up to that promise. It's crisp and medium bodied, with flavors that actually become simpler and more fruit-driven with airing. Drink now–2020.
This is old-style winemaking, but in the best sense. It is big, dominated at this stage by tannins. The fruit is dark, brooding and intense. It has layers of wood (of which 20 percent was new), while the acidity still needs to soften out. This will age, maybe 10-12 years.
The more expensive of Stark-Condé's Cabs, this one was picked very ripe, evident in the 15% alcohol and stewed fruit aromas. Full but dry in the mouth, it has dark flavors of plum, coffee and graphite, with similar aromas. The acidity seems high, particularly  on the plummy finish. Imported by Vineyard Brands.
With Chardonnay giving weight to the blend, this is a full-bodied, rich and ripe wine. It has great balance, with flavors of pineapple, citrus and sweet pear enclosed in the firm texture. Worth aging for a few years.
Already well balanced between botrytis and fresh fruits, this structured wine could develop quickly. The acidity, pineapple and apricot flavors are up front along with a dry structure with great potential. Drink from 2019.
Very perfumed wine, from organic grapes, the black plum and black currant flavors rounded by wood and dried with tannins. Flavorful, very friendly, with well-integrated fruit and acidity.
Here's an easy-going and fresh Soave with distinctive notes of almond paste and sweet marzipan backed by drying mineral and stone fruit. The aromas are truly unique and beg a pairing with almond encrusted fish or Asian dishes with coconut milk.
Downright purple in color, so much so that it looks more like Merlot than Sangiovese. Smells incredibly rich, but not stewy. Concentrated and extracted palate, with no hard tannins or acids. Very smooth but short on the finish. Good for near-term drinking. Imported by Vias Imports.
Coming from one of the region's more picturesque vineyards, this bottling, which is enhanced with 19% Picpoul Blanc, 2% Roussanne and 2% Viognier, leans a tad tropical on the nose, with orange peel cutting into banana, apple custard and tuberose. There's sizzling acidity throughout the palate, with flavors of lemon curd, apple peel and grapefruit pith.
This sweet wine balances acidity with honeyed fruit. There is a touch of botrytis to go with the orange marmalade and lemon peel flavors, while the citrus-like acids cut across the palate. This is fine to drink now, yet it will also age for many years.
Earthy red-fruit aromas come with hints of olive, herbs and spice. The mouthfeel on this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Cab Franc and Carmenère is racy and layered. Flavors of herbal berry and spice finish long. Drink through 2018.
Blended from grapes from a range of different soils, this open, generous wine has richness and a structure that comes from the ripe apple and gooseberry fruits. The wine is textured and deserves to age. Drink from 2017.
Made with 65% Sangiovese, 20% Merlot and 15% Cabernet Sauvignon, this has subtle aromas of black-skinned fruit and thyme. The easygoing palate delivers black cherry and cinnamon alongside smooth tannins.
A beautiful Chardonnay at a great price compared to what's out there. Shows brilliantly ripe pineapple, pear and guava flavors, with crisp Central Coast acidity and a bracing minerality. Nice to drink by itself, with shellfish or even with a citrus fruit pastry for dessert.
Brunello Cantine Leonardo opens with loads of cinnamon and nutmeg with background tones of clove, earth, pressed violet and syrupy cassis. The wine closes with a long, spicy fade and a balanced touch of cleansing acidity.
Rich, rooty berry, cola, coffee and toasty black-fruit aromas get this Malbec blend off to a nice start. Flush and fruity on the palate, this offers black cherry, cassis, toast, black pepper and herbal flavors. A forward, hard-driving finish is lightly medicinal in flavor. Drink through 2022.
An almost neutral nose nonetheless gives slight hints of crisp citrus. An ultralight body provides easy, clean-cut drinking with a superdry, citrussy finish. Drink soon.
Aromas of caramelized pineapple, honey and acacia flower prepare your palate for luscious flavors of dried apricot, fresh mango, papaya and just-cut pineapple chunks. It has great acidity and elegant sweetness. Drink now or hold for 10 years.
From a five-acre vineyard, the wine has some clean steeliness layered with ripe citrus and white fruits. Acidity brings out apple and crisp pear skin flavors. Drink this immaculate wine from 2015.
Very tight and linear in all the right ways, this focused wine shows black raspberry, sweet hummingbird sage, clove butter and star anise on the nose. It's even lighter on the palate, where potpourri, olallieberry, black pepper and pencil lead converge. It will age gracefully, thanks to judicious acid and tannins. Drink 2018 through 2028.
This squat-bottled offering shows a rich and dense stewed fruit, dried plum and raisin platform. The fruit's up front, with attractive nut and smoke accents showing as this opens up in the glass. Even in feel, not overly dense or heavy, and accessible now.
Almost black in color, this is a concentrated powerhouse of black plum, damsons and dark berry fruits. It is explosively rich and densely structured, with intense juicy fruit.
A bit soupy to begin with; the nose is herbal and a touch brambly, with a certain grittiness. In the mouth, it's grabby and tannic, with full black cherry and blackberry flavors. Dark, toasty and charred as well, with more size than elegance. A good wine but nothing out of the ordinary.
Big tannins and sweet, juicy cherry fruit dominate on the entry of this wine, which delves into oak and brambly blackberry thereafter. A hint of sage rounds out the finish.
Robust and spicy, with a soft, juicy mouthfeel framing Zinny flavors of wild cherries, mulberries and briary blackberries. It's pretty tannic, and calls for rich, greasy barbecue.
Overtly sweet, like orange tea with a couple spoons of white sugar.
One of the state's best bottles year after year, this delivers herb, blackberry, woodspice and vanilla bean aromas. The palate is tightly wound and impeccably balanced, with a mixture of fruit and barrel flavors that show depth. Made with the future in mind, it will be best from 2025–2032.
The freshness of green citrus, pale yellow fruit and dewy summer meadows plays on the nose. The earthier palate focuses on textured savoriness reminiscent of miso and soy, counterpointed by lemon freshness. Savor slowly so you do not miss anything going on in the concentrated, slender body. It finishes on a savory lemon note.
Lodi isn't the first region that comes to mind when it comes to California Syrah, but this one could change minds. It has a mountainous mouthfeel, with flavors of tar, blackberry and spice. The wine's aromas need coaxing, but once they surface, a firm and fruity wine emerges.
This wine provides immediate appeal with its aromas of citrus peel, starfruit, mineral and apricot, with tropical notes lurking in the background. It's fleshy in feel with a tart zing of acid that stitches it all together.
This firm, dry wine is all tannins and bitter extraction. It has a hard side to it that the juicy fruit cannot balance.
This charming wine opens with an alluring floral fragrance of Spanish broom and hawthorne. The palate delivers flavors of juicy peach and lemon zest, with a savory salinity that recalls the seaside. Pair this with pasta topped with clam sauce.
Touches of crushed purple violets add depth and interest to the brambly black berry and raspberry core of this lush wine. Hints of menthol and charred oak dance in the background, with flavors of cherry skin and blackberry taking centerstage on the solidly structured palate.
Drying, sharp tannins bring up the rear of Sassodisole's 2006 Brunello and indicate that the wine needs a few more years of cellar aging to soften. Aromatically, the wine oozes black fruit and cured meat.
Tannic and earthy, this is defined principally by flavors of stem and bark, with thin red fruits in the background. It might best accompany a rich, oily fish such as salmon.
Central Otago Pinot Noir doesn't come along very often at this price. This medium-weight, peppery wine doesn't show a ton of fruit, but does deliver some pleasantly spicy complexity and a mouthwatering chocolaty finish. Drink now.
Barnstormer is a newcomer to the Finger Lakes wine scene but this Port-style fortified wine made from Blaufränkisch is a delightful sign of good things to come. Perfect black currant and cherry flavors are fresh and pristine but deeply concentrated, filling the mouth in rich, supple waves. It's boldly structured yet balanced, finishing with a hint of granite minerality.
This 65% Chenin Blanc - 35% Sauvignon Blanc blend is clean and fresh with flavors of green grass, hard nectarine and a touch of orange rind in the round mouth. Drink now.
The Limit seems to refer to bringing this Chard to the edge of oaky ripeness. Whether it goes beyond it is debatable. It's enormously rich and ripe in oranges, apricots, mangoes and oak, with good acidity and a creamy texture.
Slate and struck flint provide a mineral-intense backdrop to pristine white grapefruit and pear flavors in this off-dry Riesling. It's just a shade off dry, with a silken, supple mouthfeel that's delightful. Drinks beautifully now but will continue to improve through 2020.
This Pinot Noir-Syrah blend opens up with aromas of cherry compote, red currant, pencil shavings and roasted beets. It's extremely silky on the palate, with purple fruit, even blueberries present. The alcohol is not out of balance, thanks to a touch of bitterness.
This is a strong, oaky, ripe Chardonnay, grown on a mountain better known for Cabernet. It's powerful and intense in pineapple tart, pear marmalade, Meyer lemon and lime flavors that have been liberally oaked, and it shows the creamy influence of lees. Not particularly subtle, it's a wine you don't want to drink too cold.
Much like the 2005 Hogue Reserve, this is a deep gold and fragrant with candied pineapple, buttered nuts and toast. It's big and rich and forward, but also a bit clunky and one dimensional, without the subtlety to offset the oak. Feels just a bit oxidized, as if aging rather quickly.
The Eyrie reserve is a single vineyard selection from the estate's oldest vines, planted between 1967 and 1973. The longevity of these wines is a proven fact; they evolve (and generally improve) for decades. This is already delicious, smoky, almost ethereal, with truly Burgundian finesse and depth. This wine, as much or more than any other, expresses the potential of Oregon Pinot Noir to approach the majesty of fine Burgundy.
Aromas of underbrush, ripe dark-skinned berry, violet, leather and aromatic herb lead the nose. The ripe, full-bodied palate doles out black cherry, cranberry, licorice, espresso and a sprinkling of mocha alongside fine-grained tannins. Drink 2017–2022.
A signature wine for this winery, this directly appealing offering carries notes of herbs, flowers, cherry and chocolate. It's chock-full of elegantly styled cherry flavors, with chocolate that lingers on the finish.
Somewhat rustic on the nose, with baked, herbal lead aromas bringing side scents of tree bark and earthy berry. Tightly wound and tannic in the mouth, with cola, spice and chocolaty flavors. Dry, focused and composed as it makes its point.
Vanilla, thyme, dill and plum aromas are followed by plentiful fruit and barrel flavors that possess a pleasing mouthfeel. The oak is out front at times, especially on the aromas, but the wine is appealing.
Restrained, vibrant and dry, this shows herb-inflected tropical fruit and citrus flavors, with a yeasty note of lees. Oak lurks subtlely and tastefully in the background. Bone dry, this is more elegant than opulent, making it food friendly.
Dusty, earthy mineral tones blow off to reveal layers of fresh flowers and apples on this curious, subtly complex Riesling. Dry in style, it's brisk with acidity, but maintains a deep vein of peach and apricot flavor that penetrates through the finish.
Here's a curiosity, a fortified Tannat, made in the style of a Port. The acidity and tannins make a definite connection with the grape, while the mineral edge is close to the terroir. It has sweet blackberry juice flavors followed with richness.
This traditionally styled Barolo is loaded with tobacco, underbrush and leather aromas. The palate shows juicy wild-cherry flavors layered with spice and roasted walnut. This is tannic, but doesn't have enough acidity for lengthy aging so enjoy it soon.
A huge, opulent wine that oozes botrytis flavors, yet is not overtly sweet; it's a fine package of richness, dryness and sweetness. Balancing acidity shows through on the fresh finish.
Made 50/50 from Cabernet Franc and Cabernet Sauvigon, this dry, orange-pink-colored wine has an appreciable amount of tannin as well as plenty of fruit. Acidity and ripe raspberries show strongly, as well as crisp final acidity. Drink now.
Superripe, with sweet black fruit, and ripe, soft tannins. The structure is here, but the acidity seems to have missed out with such richly ripe black fig flavors.
Aromas of smoke, grilled herb, scorched earth and eucalyptus lead the nose. While it shows the heat of the vintage, it also has elegance, offering dried black cherry, fig licorice and clove. A hint of almond wraps up the finish while velvety tannins provide supple support. Drink soon to capture fruit and freshness.
Winemaker Jeff Fink is unleashing a cross-section of clones in 2012, and this take on Pommard offers delicious aromas of berry-laced crème brûlée with bay leaf. There is a bitterness at first on the tannic palate, and it washes out quickly with tart cranberries.
The leafy cassis and dried spice notes on the nose create a distinctive bouquet that is immediately attractive. Not heavily extracted, this is a Cab built for current consumption.
Two-thirds Chenin Blanc and one-third Grüner Veltliner, this wine opens with aromas of apple, white pepper, herb and spice. It brings a sense of freshness and purity, along with a rounded feel.
Shows beautifully thick, chewy tannins and ripe, intricate wild berry, currant, pepper and herb flavors. Turns a bit sweet and medicinal on the finish, though, with a taste like Lifesaver candies or cherry cough medicine.
Hints of berries are accented with dusty mineral and herb notes on this sparkling Pinot Noir. On the palate, high-toned lemon acidity highlights flavors of fresh apple and pear. The bubbles are tiny in size, but accumulate rapidly on the palate in a rich, thick mousse.
A rare rosé Champagne whose color comes from Pinot Noir skins rather than from added red wine, this has vivid colors of orange and onion skin. It is rich, tasting as much like wine as like sparkling wine, with a full and ripe, yet dry, feel.
The bouquet offers intensity and character, with subtle accents of crème de cassis and toasted almond.
This is a clean, crisp, soft wine that just speaks of Chardonnay. There is freshness here, just a touch of creamy vanilla, but the rest is light, finishing with a lift of acidity. Imported by Cellar Door Selections.
A problematic wine. It starts out with an inert aroma that's mainly caramelized wood. In the mouth it's sweet and simple, with cola, blackberry, Dr. Pepper and cocoa flavors, and some bitterness on the finish.
A powerful wine offering a rush of berry and plum aromas offset by sandalwood and blueberry. Tight as a vise in the mouth, but not overly hard or tannic. Tastes of light herbs, chocolate and bright berry fruit, then turns toward complexity and tobacco on the finish. Drink now through 2014.
The beautiful Brunate cru is known for heavier, darker expressions of Nebbiolo and this wine does a wonderful job of showing off its territorial traits. Aromas here include coffee, hazelnut, wild berries, tar, leather and exotic spice. It's balanced and firm and will surely evolve favorably over the next decade.
Pale pink in color, this is stylish rosé. It has the intense acidity of the 1996 vintage, meaning that it still tastes young, crisp, vibrant. The only suggestion that this is 14 years old is in the slight toastiness. But it should go on for many more years.
This opens with aromas that recall nail polish remover, dark spice and toast. The palate offers fleshy black cherry, vanilla and a hint of coffee alongside bracing tannins. It finishes on an astringent note.
As usual this is 100% Seven Hills vineyard Syrah, and it delivers lush, tart red fruit flavors, spicy and accented with citrus rind. There is a sharp, high-toned edge to the finish, that gives it definition but needs a bit more time to smooth out. It's substantial and balanced, though a bit monolithic; once in the mouth, it stays put.
Plenty of toastiness in this ripe wine gives an extra element of acidity that needs to be tamed. At the same time, it has good white- and citrus-fruit flavors. Drink this attractive wine from 2017.
If Nouveau could be serious, this would be it. It has weight, a surprising amount of richness and a structured, tannic character. It ranks in the food-wine category, while not at all detracting from its natural bright fruit aftertaste.
A very nice Cabernet from a winery that's done a good job with this vineyard bottling for many years. The wine is smooth as velvet, with soft, lush tannins and opulent blackberry, currant, dark chocolate and cedar flavors. It should develop in the bottle over the next 6–8 years.
While demure on the nose with just hints of yellow peach and spice, this dry, medium-bodied Riesling builds in intensity on the palate with concentrated flavors of tangerine and yellow cherry. A streak of lemon-lime acidity stretches out the finish.
Ripe, balanced and attractive, this red boasts fine tannins that lend subtle structure to the black plum fruit. Dense with fruitiness and acidity, it's rich enough to savor with meat. Drink now.
The nose offers a full, interesting blend of Oriental spice, cherry, ginger and soy elements. The flavors turn to tart cherry, and brisk, slightly drying tannins show on the finish.
Is there a better, more consistent Malbec on the market today than Punto Final? The 2005 is typically rich and dense, with saturated berry aromas and a strong but balanced oak element. The palate is a potpourri of berries, chocolate and vanilla, while the mouthfeel is juicy and stacked. Quite delicious; this is the type of wine that gives Argentine Malbec its good name.
Earthy and filled with baking spice, this wine offers floral aromas, bright acidity and flavors of baked strawberry compote steeped in cinnamon. Lush on the palate, as so many of the producer's wines are, it is quite mouthfilling and will take on more nuance with time, through 2022.
Good price, but pretty vegetal despite oak-infused fruit flavors.
Semi-sweet in vanilla, honeysuckle and peach fruit, with decent acidity, this wine is a blend of Santa Ynez Valley and Monterey County.
This Amarone has sensations of plum, stewed prune, bitter almond and black licorice. It has a very warm midpalate and is enjoyable now but seemingly fast approaching its ideal drinking window; enjoy over the next few years.
The winery's “Left Bank” blend is 58% Cabernet Sauvignon, 21% Merlot, 17% Cab Franc and 4% Petit Verdot, all Ciel du Cheval fruit. The biggest and best wine of a very strong lineup, it captures the rich, silky chocolate flavors of high-end Napa but also showcases the elegant, gravelly minerality of the vineyard. Dense and layered, with extended mixed fruit flavors enhanced with notes of cinnamon toast and mocha. 300 cases made
While the fruit is delicious, full of blackberry flavors, a powerful tannic core shows a firmer side to this wine. As the wine opens up, it becomes dense, concentrated, with ripe Merlot fruitiness. At the end, all is freshness and light. Drink from 2020.
In this Bordeaux-style blend, Cabernet Franc, Merlot and Petit Verdot comprise a quarter of the finished wine. However, it's almost weightless, with dilute flavors of leaf, herb and lemon.
A bit closed on the nose, but the potential of this wine is obvious. Crafted from 110-year-old Grenache, the flavors are intense, bathing the palate in layers of plum pudding, anise and chocolate. A huge wine in need of at least five years. Owner Louis Barruol suggests 15 years may be a better bet.
A distinctive bottle with notes of fresh herbs, rose hips, mint and cola. However the flavors can't back it all up, with black tea tannins that seem unresolved.
A simple wine full of red cherry flavors on the nose and palate, with an enticing white pepper edge that makes it very refreshing. This could be chilled and is an ideal, lighter-style red for informal entertainment.
This is the best and most expensive wine ever released by Dutch-owned Salentein, and it proves that this winery has finally mastered Mendoza. The color is excellent and the nose is full of bold fruit, leather, mint and more. It's a huge Malbec with saturated cassis and black cherry flavors, and the feel and lushness are just right. For a ripe mini monster that's sure to please, drink this now and over the next three years, preferably with grilled beef.
Aromas of ripe pear, citrus and nuts mingle in the glass. The bright, linear palate delivers juicy yellow peach, mature apple, nectarine, sage and toasted almond alongside crisp acidity. It closes on a smoky mineral note.
This comes across as so light, friendly and easy to drink that one almost forgets to note the outstanding purity of fruit. Fresh cherries and blueberries present themselves honestly. Silky tannins and a spicy aftertaste suggest that it took top-quality fruit and lots of experience to make something so deceptively simple.
The wine is dull, without great character other than some light fruitiness and a hint of wood aging. Drink now.
Warm aromas of menthol, chocolate and black fruit are the opening act, which is followed by flashy flavors of grape bubble gum, blackberry and raspberry. Fairly spicy, full and chewy on the palate and finish, and overall it shows fire in the belly while never striving to outdo itself.
This full-bodied but nicely balanced and dry Zin has cedar and nutmeg aromas that waft over earthy, wild blackberry and cedar flavors. The texture is smooth and slightly tannic, and the finish lingers.
Equal parts Syrah and Merlot with a dash of Mourvèdre and Cabernet Franc (3% each), this wine brings notes of biscuit, cherry, dill and dried cranberry. Like many wines from this vintage in Washington, it's quite tart out of the gate, supported by chewy tannins.
This shows its age a bit, as the citrus, lemongrass and tropical flavors pick up a dried fruit edge. But it's clean and vibrant, offering plenty of Napa complexity. Drink now.
From a mix of vineyards in the Chehalem Mountains, this is a pleasant but simple wine with a mix of green apple and tart pear fruit flavors. It will benefit from chilling, which will bring out more of the peppery highlights and crisp acids.
Layers of luscious mango, tangerine and pineapple mark this gloriously fruity, forward Riesling. It's unabashedly plump, but delicate sweetness and staccato strikes of lemon and lime lend balance. It shows remarkable elegance for something so accessible and irresistibly gulpable.
Firm, tannic and fruity, with some nice tropical fruit flavors, wrapped around stiff tannins and some green, slightly stemmy flavors. The finish is hard and rough.
Light in the glass, this bottling shows crushed thyme and oregano herbs along with hibiscus, pomegranate and red-cherry fruit on the nose. The palate offers a fruit-punch character at first, with flavors of sour mulberries providing further intrigue.
One of Italy's best white wines, this is an opulent blend of Friulano, Pinot Bianco and Sauvignon. Honey, stone fruit, light spice and exotic fruit glide over a thick, creamy mouthfeel.
On the lighter, fresher side of Madeira, with candied citrus flavors edging out honey and nut notes. Ends with a smoky, citrusy tang.
One of a tiny handful of Mondeuse-based wines made in Italy, L'Ardenza offers plump, dark tones, combined with ripe fruit and dense richness. Because this wine originates from Mount Etna, it is also redolent of black soil and crushed minerals.
Tones of black cherry, toffee, tobacco, tar and violet show boldly on the nose and palate of this Moroccan red. Powerful tannins provide a suitable backdrop for fruit and spice flavors alongside an ever-present sense of brightness that lasts into the finish.
A dry, tannicly rich, interesting wine to drink with a nice steak. It's smoky in oak, with complex black cherry, cassis and spice flavors. Feels supple and good in the mouth, showing Dry Creek's natural affinity for Cab Franc.
Composed of mostly Nero d'Avola with smaller percentages of Nerello Mascalese and Corinto Nero the wine is redolent of berry fruit, wet earth, almond, exotic spice and blackberry jam.
90-92 Barrel sample. There are certainly big tannins here, firmly drawn from the fruit. The wood element is a suggestion, leaving the potential of a fine, powerful wine.
A finely rounded wine, with lovely ripe peach and pineapple fruits, lifted by a dash of lemon juice. Finely balanced, ripe in character, although always textured and tangy. There is a mouthwatering finish.
Dark, bone dry, and acidic, although not particularly tannic, with bitter cherry and blackberry flavors.
Aromas include white flowers, stone fruit and cantaloupe. The easy-drinking, lively palate offers green apple, pear and almond alongside crisp acidity that leaves a clean, fresh finish.
Made from eight vineyards located throughout this sprawling appellation, this wine showcases the art of the blend, and is an extraordinary achievement for its sheer opulence. Offers wave after wave of Pinot flavor, with superb tannins and mouthwatering acidity. The fact that this is Merry Edwards's least expensive Pinot Noir is amazing and makes it a special buy. Production was 2,370 cases.
Corley builds its reserve Cab for the long haul. The wine is too tannic to enjoy now, numbing the palate with dry astringency. But there's great depth here, to judge by the wealth of black currant flavor that's accented by rich new oak. Cellar this puppy until at least 2008, and it should hit its prime from 2010 and for many years after.
Aromas recall dried herbs, blueberry, dill and vanilla. The palate brings rich blue fruit and cocoa flavors backed by firm, slightly dry tannins.
There's a soapy, candle wax quality to this Prosecco Dry that distinguishes it from the rest and that is backed by pulpy peach and fresh fruit. The wine is lean and compact in the mouth but has a fresh and tonic finish.
Forward and quite light (the vintage was a cool one), this offers fruit flavors of pomegranate and tart berry. There is a generous swath of chocolate wrapping it, creating a rather silky yet simple, straightforward wine best enjoyed in the near term.
Good and lusty, with dark aromas of kirsch, chocolate, shoe polish, burnt oak and perfume. And while it may lack some focus, the palate is flush with ripe black fruit touched up by wood spice, pepper and herbs. Finishes generous and solid, with olive and savory herb notes. Drink now; 16,800 cases made. Imported by W.J. Deutsch & Sons.
Like most of Alma's wines, this Bonarda is smooth, fruity and approachable. The nose is simple and offers some spice, licorice and herb notes, while the berry flavors are just as they should be: easy and jammy. There's nothing challenging about this red; just pour it with pizza or burgers and enjoy.
All the rich and aromatic flavors of ripe peaches unite in this fruity wine. The fruit sweetness is balanced by zesty freshness. Together, they create a lip-smackingly sweet and intense flavor experience. This is full-on and medium-sweet with a clean finish.
This medium-bodied wine features plenty of pungent, boxwood-like scents and musky, herbal flavors. Thankfully, there's enough melon and fig to compensate and the wine finishes with a pleasant touch of anise.
Rich flavors of blackberry jam, cassis and toasty oak mark this dry, tannic young Cab. It's not showing much subtlety or grace, but that may be a function of youth. Give it six years and see what it does.
Here's a good everyday Merlot. It's soft and dry, with good chocolate and blackberry flavors that persist on the finish.
Whole-cluster pressed and aged in barrel and stainless steel, this is fruity in ripe apricot and pear. It's medium-bodied, meaty but not overdone, with zingy acidity. More creamy than crisp, it lingers on the tongue and makes for a good food wine.
This a finely perfumed wine with its 32% Cabernet Franc, unusual for this estate. It gives a wine with great structure and concentration as well as layers of ripe black fruits. The wine needs to age so drink from 2023.
Creamy froth is short-lived but the peach and mineral notes come through clean and sharp followed by zest and soothing sweetness in the mouth. One of Italy's most recognized brands presents its most famous sweet sparkler: that's always a joy to revisit.
An unwooded Chardonnay that is very soft, with a touch of sweetness and flavors of citrus and green plums.
From high-elevation vineyards in both Knights Valley and Sonoma Mountain, this is a well-crafted, integrated and deal of a wine, the grapes grown in volcanic, rocky soils. Crisp red currant confronts a tension of firm tannin and medium-body, remaining bright and seamless on the palate. Stock up for regular consumption.
Searingly tart, this might be a 2007 Muscadet for its thrilling, stiletto-steel spine and leesy minerality. Simply calling it unoaked does not begin to do justice to the complexity and textural density that this unusual Oregon Chardonnay offers. For acid lovers who don't think that Chardonnay must be slathered in toasty new wood in order to have any flavor, this wine will be a joy.
A frothy, fun and festive wine from one of the area's biggest producers. This wine shows grassy notes, mineral tones, generous peach and honey. Imported by Italian Wine Growers.
While bold and rich with a concentrated black fruit character, Korta Katarina's Plavac Mali is also wonderfully expressive with glimmers of rose petal, espresso and chocolate under a spray of raspberry perfume. Big, ripe tannins subside with aeration to a smooth, finely grained texture, finishing on a delicious black cherry and vanilla note.
Always an elegant wine, the Aragonez shows its beautiful smooth fruit, flavors of blueberries with leathery tannins and fine acidity. With its structure it could age, but there's no need to wait.
Made in an off-dry style, this Chardonnay shows sugary flavors of pineapples, peaches, pears and vanilla extract. It's a simple wine with clean acidity.
A short time in wood has given this wine some extra richness without taking away the fruit. It is a ripe blend of Códega do Larinho, Gouveio and Viosinho, smooth and rich. Acidity, minerality and a fine dash of lemon keep everything fresh.
Apple and powdery citrus aromas are austere but intriguing. But in the mouth, this thing foams like bubble bath. No matter whether you like the wine's citric flavors and apple essence or not, the fact that it bubbles up like a shaken soda is not an attribute. Oriel's gran reserva is similar in terms of carbonation issues.
Manincor's fragrant Sauvignon delivers passion fruit and honey framed by drying mineral and ash. The mouthfeel is compact and crisp with a spicy touch of milled white pepper at the end.
A bit stemmy, also a little underripe, with some minty, vegetal notes marring otherwise fine raspberries and cherries. Drink now.
With ample power under its engine, this Ferrington Vineyard Pinot is rich in cranberry and red cherry, soft and lilting in texture yet nuanced in toasty oak. Big on the finish, it'll beautifully withstand a few more years on its own before opening, the acidity lively enough to keep flavors vibrant yet mellowed.
This Brunello starts on the timid side and slowly reveals aromas of cherry, cassis, sweet spice, almond paste, plus earthy tones of leather and button mushroom. The palate feels fresh and tight, and the wine ends on spicy notes of clove and cinnamon.
Cloudy and exuberant in saltwater taffy, this wine is crisp and vivid in lemon, tangerine and vanilla. The oak is well behaved and game to provide structure without obstruction. Pear and apple give it weight and body with a stony minerality playfully drawn on the finish.
The oak aging gives this wine an attractive, spicy character. A blend of four of the Douro's most familiar varieties, it is rich, full of black fruit with a rich core of tannin and balanced acidity. Drink now.
I've always been a fan of this wine, which showcases the Dry Creek terroir in an appealing way. Gobs of sweet citrus, fig, melon and spice flavors, with crisp acids and a clean finish.
A well-balanced mix of highlights: dried herbs, dusty cherry fruit, and a streak of citrus come together in this estate-grown wine. It finishes with a lick of caramel, from aging in 22% new oak.
Grippy in big, dry tannin and a weight of oak, this is a plummy and rich red wine. The palate veers into dusty layers of vanilla and chocolate, finishing leathery and peppery.
Owned by Beaune-based merchant Louis Jadot, Domaine Ferret has produced an attractive wood-aged wine. It offers light toast and spice over ripe yellow fruits. Rich and full, this generous wine is ready to drink.
Blangé is something of an icon white wine that offers clean freshness and simplicity from a producer who brings us some of the most complex and sophisticated red wines on the planet. Here, however, the emphasis is on fun, good cheer and easy drinking.
Syrah does well all over Washington, but the Lake Chelan region has a particular mix of qualities that are most appealing. The scents swirl through a circus of attractions—coffee and toast, berry and cassis, loam and funk, spice and citrus peel. They seem to go on almost infinitely. The flavors continue along the same lines; just as you think you've nailed them down, they morph into something new.
Made claret style, the fruit and alcohol are restrained, and the wine drinks dry and balanced. Dark cherry and wild berry flavors are mouth-filling and the tannins are complex but approachable. This is a fine example of its appellation and terroir.
Sublime and gritty in stony, gravelly texture, this wine surprises and awes in its commingling of salty lime, focused acidity and complex tones of apple, pear and fig. Medium-bodied, it unravels slowly in the glass, continuing to pursue different avenues of flavor and intellectual pleasure.
Young, tart and compact, this is still in the primary fruit phase of its development. Clean, impactful and nicely structured, its flavors run from cranberry to raspberry to light cherry, all running deep enough to suggest tucking it away in the cellar for a few more years.
Designed to go with Japanese food, this simple wine should fit well with all manner of sushi and sashimi. It has light acidity, some crisp mango flavors and a green, taut aftertaste. Screwcap.
As blends go, this is a winner. The nose is spicy and wild, with blackberry, cola, fine leather and earthy qualities. Lush and concentrated in the mouth, with meaty, herbal flavors of cola and blackberry. Toast and pepper notes lend darkness to the finish, and overall this is a grand, ripe thoroughbred made from six grapes including Syrah, Cabernet and Carmenère. Drink now through 2013.
Sourced from Les Collines Vineyard in Walla Walla and Wallula Benches Vineyard in the Horse Heaven Hills, this engaging Syrah features firm, ripe fruit, brown spice and a strong streak of cola. It's drinking quite well and is fully integrated, so enjoy it soon rather than cellaring it for later.
This deliciously fruity wine is all about citrus, pear and crisp apple. Lively and ready to drink, it will improve through 2016 as the intense acidity softens.
Wood aged for a year, this wine is now rich and smooth. It has the lightest touch of toast to balance the apple fresh acidity and squeezed lemon juice. The wine has a mineral, taut texture that will allow it to age longer. Drink from late 2016.
The appellation is near the western, cooler part of Paso Robles, and the wine's rich chocolate fudge and creamy cherry and cassis flavors have the requisite acidity and tannins needed to temper them. Almost sweet on the finish, the wine redeems itself with elegance. The high alcohol isn't really a problem, in terms of balance.
This is quite a good Cabernet, marked by a noble structure. It has a deep core of black cherries, currants and cedar. But it's astringent in tannins. Best after 2011.
A delicious and interesting white wine, made from a variety more usually used for blending purposes. It's honey-rich but dry, similar in structure to an oaky Chardonnay, with tropical fruit and vanilla flavors that have a pleasant touch of bitterness.
With just a touch of bitterness and structure, this is a finely textured wine. It has plenty of fresh red and white fruit flavors, a lively, busy mousse and a tight acidity on the finish.
This is one of the early stars of South Australia's highly variable 2008 vintage. Herbal, smoky and vaguely peppery upfront, this is full bodied and creamy in texture without being soft, boasting intense raspberry and blueberry fruit framed by cedar and smoke. Finishes with surprising firmness and structure, but it should round into form by the end of 2010 and last through at least 2020.
With elaborate oak, concentrated fruit, dense tannins and exquisite balance, this tiny production Cabernet—the winery's first-ever reserve—demands to be cellared. It's completely dry and rich in blackberries, black currants, baking chocolate, anise and minerals. It feels dramatic from the start, like the opening notes of a great symphony or rock song. Cellar it for at least eight years, and it could age well beyond that.
To add a touch of much-needed freshness and acidity, a small percentage of Barbera is added to this traditional blend of Corvina, Rondinella and Molinara. The quality of fruit is very nice and resembles cherry, cassis and prune.
Not much of this wine was made, the grapes coming from a vineyard in the heart of the appellation farmed by Phil Coturri. Earthy and light in oak, it struggles to show fruit, remaining more about minerally and compostable aromas.
Medium-straw colored in the glass, this wine has aromas of lemon and Mediterranean herbs. Flavors of green apple, toast, and rose petal are not totally unified, and the slightly stiff finish is lifted by a short tart apple burst.
This wine is made from a majority Merlot, with sizable percentages of Cabernet Sauvignon, Malbec, Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot. Together they weave a lean, simple gathering of red berry and dried herb, that finishes in toasted oak.
Here's a beautiful Pinot Noir to drink now with upscale fare, like steak, lamb chop or grilled ahi tuna. It's silky and dry and feels excellent in the mouth, with complex raspberry, cherry, cola and smoked meat flavors, sprinkled with cocoa powder and cinnamon. Delicious.
Earns extra credit for the sheer audacity of ripe cherry, raspberry and vanilla cream flavors. Almost as sweet as a candy bar, but actually dry, and balanced with acidity and minerals. A fine Pinot Noir that should develop bottle complexity over the next six years.
94–96. Barrel sample. This is a powerful wine which exhibits a change in style towards elegance in recent years. The palate has delicious Merlot fruitiness along with black-currant acidity and a dense structure. Fine minerality at the end with juicy acidity.
This offers a raw, sharp note of garden herb and white cherry. The natural acidity and crispness suggests it should pair well with cheese ravioli in a sage butter sauce.
For the 2011 vintage, Winemaker Charles Thomas blended Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot from the winery's 280-acre biodynamic and organically farmed estate in the heart of Rutherford. The effect is memorable, the wine pungent in red plum and cherry. Light, layered and elegantly smooth on the palate, it has a backdrop of black pepper and clove. Cellar through 2025.
Medium in body and high in acidity, this wine from one of the great vineyard sites for the variety in California does it justice, showing both intensity and lingering succulence. Tangerine, quince and lemon meet a more layered depth of caramelized apple and butterscotch, the texture gravelly.
Hugely rich wine, retaining its tense textured character while reveling in white fruit ripeness. Concentrated, with the wood acidity and spice mingling with the fruit acidity, this is a wine for long-term aging, powerful yet always very crisp. Screwcap.
There's a steady aromatic focus of graphite, Bing cherry and a brief herbal lift to this offering from a sustainably minded winery run by the Zahoudanis family. Once sipped, the delivery is more subtle, with lavender, rose, fennel, dill and a finish of bitter mustard greens framing sour cherry fruit.
Awkward. Even though the oak is described as “slghtly used,” the wine is dominated by smoky caramel and vanilla aromas and flavors. Underneath are flavors of pineapples, pears and peaches.
Made mostly with Sangiovese and topped up with a small amount of Canaiolo and Malvasia Nera, this offers aromas that recall red berry, dark spice, menthol and a whiff of moist earth. The easygoing, tangy palate offers wild cherry, orange zest and a hint of clove alongside zesty acidity. Enjoy through 2016.
Earthy, almost funky, aromas of tilled soil, leather, toast and game take shape in the glass. The palate offers dried black cherry, powdered sage, tobacco and an anisette note alongside assertive tannins. Drink after 2018.
There is an insane amount of power in this wine, sourced from the mighty Bedrock, where the Zin is interplanted with Petite Sirah and Alicante Bouschet. Blueberry, candied orange and rosemary complement one another, while a dustiness and minerality play tricks on the tongue, testifying about the vineyard's rocky soils.
A balanced Malbec with red fruit aromas and just a touch of aged cheese on the nose. The palate is creamy and slightly candied, with layered black fruit, fig and chocolate flavors. Creamy and candied but lively on the finish, with enough integrity and structure to rank as a Best Buy.
This is a nice, clean wine that has more fruit and class than you'd think at this giveaway price. The aromas and flavors tend toward green apples and peaches, with some pretty oak shadings. The finish is a little sweet.
Aromas of baked earth blend with sassy, almost prickly cherry and leather notes in front of what amounts to a dense, slightly gummy feeling palate. Flavors of plum and berry are medicinal, while the ripe finish shows power, a chewy texture and mild heat.
This elegant but firmly structured white wine opens with an alluring fragrance of honeysuckle, exotic fruit and cantaloupe. The linear palate offers juicy white peach, apricot and mineral alongside crisp acidity.
One expects elegance, grace and precision from this prestige cuvée, and this wine delivers that and much more. There is a refined complexity running through it, from the cascading tiny bubbles to the lush, toasty nose to the dense, palate-tickling, complex mouthfeel, which continues seamlessly through to a long, ultrasatisfying finish. Stylish and seductive.
Beyond the spice of this cool-climate wine,  the flavors offer red berry fruits, fresh acidity and stalky tannins. It's soft, easy to drink now.
Dark and rich, this bottling is redolent of kirsch, crème de cassis, star anise and cola. The palate is framed by leathery tannins and pinpoint-like acidity that carry through to the finish, offering cola, dried black cherry and licorice flavors. A harbinger of Malibu's potential.
With the typical dark color of this red grape, this is a dense and firm wine. It has rich plum and berry flavors that are dark as well as juicy. Tannins lace the background to this already delicious wine, finishing with refreshing acidity. Drink from 2016.
A spectacular dessert wine from South America; probably the best we've had to date. Amber in color, with intoxicating aromas of baked pineapple and orange liqueur. Caramel, toffee, burnt vanilla and more cruise on the palate, all pushed by perky acidity. Sensational flavor and balance. A hidden gem among the world's best sweeties. Imported by T.G.I.C. Importers.
A little air unlocks aromas of underbrush, scorched earth, blue flower, toasted oak and mature berry. On the firm palate, notes of espresso and licorice add some depth to the core of dried black cherry while grippy, close-grained tannins provide support.
Shows its cool-climate origins with a certain austerity that accompanies the exotic wild cherry, currant, Mandarin orange and root beer flavors, accented with sweet smoky oak. A rush of acids and tannins takes over the palate, strongly suggesting modest ageability. Give this Pinot Noir a year or two in the cellar.
Pressed apples and pears are accented by hints of orange rind in this juicy concentrated Riesling. It's semi dry in style, honeyed and plush, but balanced neatly by a brisk streak of lemon-lime acidity. Drink now through 2019.
Pink lemonade and cherry pie mesh together into a strong, slightly boozy aroma on this adventurous blend of 30% Petite Sirah, 30% Syrah, 30% Grenache and 10% Tannat from Matt Villard's Petite Sirah-focused project. Cherry and orange juice dominate the palate.
Heavily charred aromas throw a shadow over roasted, stalky red-berry notes. This feels tight, choppy and drawing, with no give to the palate. Roasted, salty plum and berry flavors end with a final round of hard, pounding tannins.
Made from the folks behind Tangent, this blend of Grenache Blanc and Albariño is rich in orange, white flower and roasted almond flavors, brightened by zesty Edna Valley acidity. The oak brings a smoky creaminess and also some caramelized sweetness.
This little gem is sourced entirely from the Klipsun Vineyard, and it's the sort of wine that will wake up the sleepiest palate. A mass of fig, honeycomb, lemon rind and pith, it has wonderful focus, balance, length and concentration.
Racy red wine, with mild bramble and brine aromas to go with spunky cherry-plum flavors. Quite zesty, bright and juicy, but solidly put together and not overly acidic. Even shows a distant chocolaty side, which is not uncommon for young Garnacha.
Made with a drop of Cabernet Franc, this Merlot is rich, smooth and bone dry. With modest alcohol, it brims with flavors of black and red currant, licorice, anise and white pepper, as well as a subtle touch of sweet, smoky new oak. The grapes come from the cool Soda Canyon area of Napa Valley, at the base of Atlas Peak.
Fresh, fruity and flirty, this white offers vanilla, fresh fruit and minerals on the nose and on the palate, a lovely balance of citrus, spice and flowers. Vibrant and layered, with a minerally, cheerful finish.
Covey's much-loved Lemberger is a nod to Washington's early days, when the rustic red was considered to be the state's finest effort. These days it's just another light, grapy, innocuous party wine, but at least the rasty tannins have been smoothed out.
Another successful Cab from Frazier, following on the heels of the outstanding 2008 vintage. Like that wine, this one is elaborately ripe in blackberries, cherries, currants and toasty oak, with a long, spicy finish. The structure is impeccable, showing firm tannins and fine balancing acidity. Great to drink now, and will age for at least 10 years.
A coniferous lift weaves through tart red-cherry notes. The slender, translucent and crunchy palate is pervaded by the same aromas and a lot of freshness. This is a light-bodied aromatic red wine that is ideal for lunch, for picnics or for serving chilled.
This blend of local Douro white grapes with, unusually, Chenin Blanc, is delicious. With its wood-aged touch and rich creamy texture, the wine is generous and full. It has attractive acidity as well, emphasizing the apple and grapefruit fruit. The wine will be even better from 2018.
The nose is subdued and rounded, while some green pear aromatics play on the palate of this mild wine. It still takes time to come out of its shell, but will become full-fruited and open up by 2015.
Supple and juicy, this young, purple, berry-loaded Cab includes small amounts of the other four Bordeaux grapes in the blend. It's a masterful blending achievement, with each grape seeming to contribute something to the nose, the mouthfeel, the length and the overall focus. Flavors are tightly woven—purple fruits, butterscotch, mocha, moist earth and baking spices—but nothing is overwrought. This will need considerable breathing time to unwrap, and years in the bottle to soften some of the hard edges.
Thick peach and apricot intensity opens the bouquet of this delightful Friulano from northeast Italy. Those rich stone fruit qualities are well supported by the wine's overall density and its creamy texture.
The blend is Zinfandel, Petite Sirah and Carignane on this enjoyable mélange. It could be anything, but is awfully good, with its rich, ripe tannins and smooth flavors of berries, cherries and coffee. Drink whenever you need something dry and full bodied.
This wine's deep brassy color suggests honey, and the aromas of honey, dried apricots, vanilla and baking spices reinforce that suggestion of sweetness. On the palate, it delivers honeyed richness and a complex array of flavors balanced by decent acidity. It remains the standard bearer for Australian botrytis wines.
90—92 Barrel sample. High wood aromas, the palate dominated by wood. The fruit is diminished and hidden by all this toast, giving quite a bitter aftertaste. This is wine that needs aging.
This rich, layered red wine is a bit jammy and assertive now, and will benefit from a couple years of cellaring to settle down. It's forward and ripe with cherry and raspberry jam, mocha, roasted almond and cinnamon flavors. A little heavy and heady, yet strangely compelling, and certainly scores high on the deliciousness factor.
This mouthfilling blend of 65% Grenache, 20% Syrah, 10% Mourvèdre and 5% Carignan features ample cherry fruit, with some chocolaty richness on the palate and hints of bay leaf and anise. It's bouncy and fresh, showing enough tannin in the finish to think it will stand up well to grilled burgers or chops.
This blend of fruit from several estate vineyards bears a brown label, to differentiate it from Trisaetum's vineyard designates. Bright raspberry and cherry fruit is accented with sweet brown spices and hints of barrel toast and chocolate. Drink now through 2020.
It's tannic and soft, without fruity generosity, and smells sweaty.
A caramel aroma is followed by sweet strawberry fruit from the Touriga Nacional, lending a wine that is freshly fruity and soft.
A pretty nice dinner wine, full-bodied and firm, with plum and blackberry flavors and firm tannins. It's clean and dry, and will do just fine with barbecue and similar rich fare.
Confident, smoky aromas of black fruits, quality oak and minerality set up a round, dense, smooth palate that's as elegant as things get in Chile. True Cabernet Sauvignon flavors are spicy, lightly herbal and suggest licorice, cassis and blackberry. On the finish, warm oak, menthol and medicinal flavors call for another few years in bottle. Best from 2016–2023.
Nice enough on the nose, with spunky berry aromas mixed with modest spice and vanilla. The palate is angular yet fresh, with tight acidity producing bright but choppy cherry and plum flavors. Cleansing but scratchy on the finish.
Although this wine deals some mealy corn aromas, it is still solid. Nicely bal anced, with moderate acid pairing a bit of sweetness, the mouth is flush with peach, papaya and vanilla, tempered with spicy oak. All the cards fall into place with a long, harmonious finish. Drink over the next three years.
From the Treviso area of northeast Italy, this luminous Prosecco offers easygoing aromas of yellow flower and sweet peach. There's a zesty note of white pepper on the slightly sweet finish.
This is made in a softer, sweeter style than most Pommery Champagnes. Strawberry flavors are ripe and integrated with the acidity, with a light tannic edge from the red wine in the blend. It is attractive and ready to drink.
Peach, pear and melon notes on the nose and in the mouth are tinged with some slightly herbal (fennel?) notes, turning tart and citrusy on the finish. It's a pleasant, medium-bodied quaff for the summer months.
Blueberry and raspberry aromas are ripe, grapy and feature a dash of cocoa. This is lively, punchy and healthy in feel. Medicinal plum and berry flavors are a touch salty, while this finishes with ripeness and good overall balance.
Gorgeous, deep dark-fruit aromas waft from the glass in this vivid, racy and pure wine. A concentrated but not heavy black-cherry note starts in the aroma, drives through the flavors and on to the lingering finish. Bracing acidity and fine but firm tannins add an elegant, appetizing mouthfeel. It will improve through 2022.
This full-bodied, creamy-textured Shiraz from the Lyndoch subregion of the Barossa starts off with vanilla, raspberries and a dusting of confectioner's sugar, but turns darker and more savory with air, adding dark berry and hickory notes. The long finish is richly textured, yet simultaneously marked by crisp acids.
A selection from the Quinta da Bacalhôa vineyard, this sumptuous wine layers the darkest fruit flavors with a structure that is solid, dense and powerful. Juicy plums, licorice and a firm, stalky edge go with wood aging and bone-dry tannins. Age for 5–6 years.
Vines in the Douro Superior, the remote area in the eastern edges of the Douro wine region, go into this firm wine. With its dry tannins and firm structure, the wine is always going to be powerful. It has spice and rich blackberry and damson fruits. The aftertaste brings in acidity. Drink this wine now, but don't forget to let it breathe for a couple of hours.
Piercing on the nose, with aromas of cola, graphite, juniper and blackberry. Feels thick, with meaty flavors of blackberry, boysenberry, herb and flower notes. Layered and relatively long on the finish. Impressive for under-$20 Chilean Syrah, with complexity and sauvage notes.
A nice, bone-dry wine. With crisp, tingly acidity, it shows Viognier's exotic side, with tropical fruit, citrus, wildflower, vanilla and spice flavors.
A broad, ripe and very accessible wine. Spiced by nutmeg and vanilla, it is based on solid, chunky black fruits and distinguished layer of tannins. Ready to drink, or keep for one year.
An equal partnership between Chardonnay and Viognier, this wine is brisk and slightly austere, the nose floral in geranium and the fruit profile of apple, pear and pineapple light and subtle.
A “Wow!” wine on every level. This is a lovely, dark, smooth and rich expression that is packed tight with intensity and personality. The biggest, boldest wine by far from Montalcino's 2006 vintage, this bottle will age nicely and add value to your cellar collection.
As with the Ciel bottling, this is pure Syrah from a single vineyard. As usual, the Boushey is more forward and opulent and this vintage is packed with flavors and scents of smoked meat, herb, red fruits and chocolate. Despite its heft it remains precise, focused and beautifully defined. No blast of new oak; it's got wonderful balance.
This small producer holds some wines back for late release, and in this instance it's a wonderful gift to consumers. Drinking splendidly, the 2009 has rounded, well-integrated, generous flavors of plum and cherry, dusty gravel, and firm, polished tannins. There's a light hint of bark, and overall a marvelous balance. It's maturing, but not anywhere near done.
Here's a fruity Sauvignon Blanc fllled with flavors of pineapples, papayas, lemons, limes, peaches and even a hint of wild white flowers and gooseberries. The strong flavors are lifted by good acidity. Try as a stimulating cocktail wine.
Soft and easy-drinking, this plum and cherry Merlot drinks like an older wine, as if it's been gently oxidized. It's probably at its peak, the fruit generous and round, the finish tailing off gently into a Milky Way sort of confection.
This is a rich, beautifully textured dry wine. It is terroir-driven, with the volcanic soil of Savennières underlying the tight texture. By contrast, it offers hints of honey and flavors of yellow fruits balanced with fruity lemon flavors. Drink from 2017.
This assertive, eucalyptus-scented blend is a spunky, personality-loaded blend of  91% Cabernet Sauvignon and 9% Merlot. It's elaborately endowed with sour cherry and cassis fruit, accented by mint, spice, smoke and chocolate flavors on a generous, balanced framework. This big red's firm but not astringent tannins and balanced acidity promise long life to a wine that's forward and rewarding right now.
Saseti is a bright and clean Valpolicella with a thin and easy mouthfeel that would pair with easy home cooked meals or pizza. It offers layers of white cherry and forest berry. The fruit used here is farmed organically.
This smoky, earthy, soft and delicate wine comes from an estate vineyard planted in 1999 in the Occidental Hills. Rose petals and cranberry mingle effortlessly on the silky palate, while a bite of black tea and tannin tease on the finish.
Very forward fruity flavors of apricots and mandarins and soft, fresh acidity lead to a finish that is more toward grapefruit. But this is essentially a soft, aperitif Grüner.
Shows lush, ripe waves of wild mountain raspberries, cherries, red currants and cola, but the texture is a little aggressive in acids and tannins. The sharpness continues into the spicy finish, making it unlikely this wine will develop.
Flat, dusty aromas of lees and vanilla cookies are rather lifeless. While this is wet and somewhat juicy in feel, it's bland as a whole, with yeasty melon and citrus flavors that finish bready.
This is a rich blend of Aragonez and Touriga Nacional that fills out broad black fruit and acidity with soft tannins and a ripe texture. Rich and juicy, it's ready to drink.
From an aptly named vineyard, this whopper of a wine blends 37% Zinfandel, 32% Syrah, 16% Grenache and 15% Mourvèdre with 24% new oak and 20% whole-cluster fermentation. The result is a perfume that's both tart with boysenberry and rich with caramel, oak and cola. Black plum, gravel and bay leaf flavors surround its meaty core, persisting deep into the finish.
This informal wine offers black cherry, crushed raspberry and floral sensations. It's light bodied and simple and would be perfect to accompany everyday fare, from dense tomato soups like passata al pomodoro to backyard barbecues.
Powdery notions of white peony petals against a stony background suggest concealed aromas that need time to come to the fore. Right now the palate is tight, with buffered acidity at the core, long, lean and promising. Lime zest lurks amid suspicions of ripe peaches in a sherbety, lemony sharpness. The wine will blossom as of 2017.
A dark, nicely concentrated Valpolicella Superiore with slightly offbeat and muddled aromas of spice, jammy fruit and sweet nutmeg. The nose is a bit awkward, but the feel it imparts in the mouth is smooth and velvety.
From blocks of old Wente vines planted in the 1970s, this producer and site continue to find beautiful synergy together. This wine shows high-toned floral notes around full-bodied richness and flavors of crème brûlée and anise. A salty accent begs for attention as a kick of citrus finishes with grace and freshness.
No oak, nothing but the Musque clone, with its bright acids and gooseberry, grapefruit, lime and fig flavors. Easy to drink, and as versatile as dry white wines get with an enormous array of food.
An extraordinary wine. It's the essence of Russian River Pinot, squared, a big, concentrated, dramatic wine that never loses sight of elegance. Offers a tapestry of cherry pie with the crust, red currant, cherry liqueur and smoky sandalwood flavors that finish with intricate Indian spices. Drink now–2013.
This light, crisp sparkling wine is just off dry in style. It is perfumed and softly textured with a fresh mousse that offers attractive creaminess.
It's a pleasure to see another winery determined to explore the potential of Oregon Riesling, here sourced from a top site in the Ribbon Ridge AVA. Ripe, round and rich, this offers a complex mix of grilled peach, pineapple and papaya fruit, with a lively touch of mint. The underpinning of wet stone minerality adds length and texture. This belongs among the very best Rieslings from the state.
Tulpen's 2009 Cabernet moves the fruit sources to a trio of Walla Walla vineyards, notably Tokar and Heather Hill, to good effect. It's pure varietal, and the excellent fruit sources yield a muscular, aromatic, dense wine. Floral top notes lead into spicy, brambly black fruits. The tannins are firm and astringent, leaving just a bare suggestion of ripe raisins in the finish.
This is a softly textured, well-made cool-climate-inspired Rhône red, lean and layered in companionable blue fruit, whiffs of violet and white pepper and a touch of gamey meat. Unfiltered and grown on the producer's estate, it flirts with oak without ever entirely giving in to it.
Slight notes of oatmeal and bread play above the ripe apple tones and create a harmonious wine that balances fruit and yeast notes. The palate is fresh, with zesty citrus and a creamy, frothy, persistent foam. This is a rounded and elegant crémant that finishes with the richness of baked apple.
Bold flavors and plenty of creamy texture make this full-bodied wine seem big and mouth-filling. It offers nice lemon and butter aromas, ripe pear and spicy nutmeg flavors along with a smoky overtone that lasts from the aroma to the finish.
Rich and very good, with depth and a chocolaty essence that shows itself on the front and back ends of the wine. Pure in terms of berry fruit flavors, and with good verve and mouthfeel. A balanced, spot-on wine with serious structure, style and follow through. Drink now–2015.
Made in fairly large quantities for a wide swath of palates, this wine is grippy in tannins and possessed of sizable weight and power.
Round up front, with solid fruit aromas mixed with oak and vanilla. In the mouth, it features bold cherry and raspberry flavors supported by zesty acidity and bold tannins. Finishes full, with a lot of oak-driven butter. More than competent.
Crisp apple freshness almost tips into full citrus zestiness on the nose of this subtle, graceful wine. Very slight spritz tickles the palate on a textured and dry palate. It's lemony, crisp and light, but full of flavor.
Nothing special but probably a better wine and better value than Crucero's Reserva SB. The nose offers matchstick and some hard minerality, while the palate is crisp and tangy but gives smooth edges and reasonably nice citrus and mineral flavors. Highly regular, even for a Central Valley Sauvignon Blanc.
The wine is all structure and solid tannins, with a dry core and an earthy character that mask the red fruits. Let the wine develop a few months for this youthful excess to blow off. Drink from 2016.
A pleasantly fruity hint of russet-pear peel hits the nose first, followed by notes of lemon. Likewise, the palate combines tart freshness and fruity juiciness. The light palate is brisk and dry, showing a clean finish, with just a touch of zestiness.
Made by major Chablis producer Jean-Marc Brocard, this wine is ripe, soft and attractively fruity. It has crisp acidity along with rich yellow fruits and a touch of minerality. The wine comes from a blend of different premier cru vineyards. Delicious and refreshing, it is ready to drink now.
88-90 Barrel sample. The second wine of Château Palmer is light, fresh and fruity, with accessible blackcurrant fruits. There is a light touch of wood, with delicious, easy juicy acidity.
Though quite high in alcohol, this blend of 85% Grenache and 15% Syrah doesn't overwhelm the nose with heat. Instead, complex and integrated aromas recall beet juice, cinnamon and Christmas spices. It's lush and flavorful on the palate, with brandied cherries, boysenberry sauce and a strong backbone of licorice, sage, creosote and pine.
This easy-drinking wine is full of fruit in the aromas and flavors and has a smooth, non-tannic texture and full body. Its concentrated raspberry and red cherry aromas are followed by ripe plum and cherry flavors, with juicy acidity.
Forest floor, flint, Alpine herb, sandalwood, leather and pressed rose are some of the scents you'll discover on this mountain Nebbiolo. The precise, radiant palate delivers dried red cherry, raspberry, white pepper, anise and tobacco. It's well balanced with firm refined tannins and fresh acidity. Drink 2018–2026.
Laetitia for years has been separately bottling blocks of their large estate vineyard, looking for sections that can stand on their own. La Coupelle is its latest experiment. It's certainly a huge, concentrated wine, vast in cherry pie, cola and new oak flavors, with the weight of Grenache. Good as it is, it's a little heavy-handed; sometimes less is more.
This Chard has good intensity and length for a wine of its price. It starts off with fresh cream, nut and white peach aromas, followed by focused peach, pear and chalk flavors. Not a heavyweight at all, but even and constant. Imported by Pasternak Wine Imports.
Slight touches of smoked meat, iron, slate, cranberry, raspberry and dried sage show on the nose of this wine. The palate is a bit weak, with tangy strawberry and rust flavors.
There's no oak at all on this savory young Sauvignon Blanc, which delivers its richness directly to the palate, undiluted. Those flavors are of green fruits: melons, apples, limes and the slightly sour, flowery tang of gooseberries. Fine acidity makes it all brisk and mouthwatering. An outstanding Sauvignon Blanc for today's ethnic fare, at a great price.
The alcohol is nice and low in this dry Pinot Noir. It has a silky texture and complex flavors of red cherries, persimmons, cola and spices. Acidity is great but there's something slightly off, suggesting a trace of unripeness. Drink now.
There are distant floral notes here, but in general this blend of Trebbiano and Vermentino from Grosseto, Tuscany seems initially closed. Perfumed aromas of jasmine and honeysuckle do burst through from time to time and the wine is crisp and snappy on the close.
A tight nose of black cherry and Mediterranean herbs yields to overly cooked flavors of eucalyptus, cassis and black cherry. Although cooling herb notes are a hallmark of Cabernet Sauvignon and blends from Galilee, this is a tad too cool, with eucalyptus overpowering the fruit right through the minty finish.
Made in Sbragia's muscular style, a ripe, flashy wine, with briary blackberry, currant, mocha and oak flavors. The tannins are strong but soft, and the overall impression is complex. Fine now with steak, barbecue, but should gain bottle complexity over the next 5–6 years.
There's lots of rich acidity in this wine. It braces the tremendous pear and pineapple fruit and sweet oak, and lends the wine zest and structure. Finishes with a brilliant array of tangy spices.
A rounded wine, this is full of ripe white fruits that are laced with a citrus note. It does have a herbal tang, although this is finely integrated into the finish's ripe final texture.
Heady notes of cedar and pine lend a woodsy undertone to plump blueberry and black cherry flavors in this slightly soft, yielding Merlot. Delicate acidity and whisper-light tannins add to its plush feel. Drink now through 2018.
Chocolate, cassis and cream are joined on the nose by hints of dried herbs. The black-currant flavors turn tobaccoey on the palate, but the rich texture holds the wine together. Soft tannins make this a wine for current consumption.
As the name implies, this is an enormously likeable sparkler, based primarily on Pinot Noir and showing that grape's sensual texture. With raspberry, strawberry, lime, vanilla and smoky yeast flavors, it's irresistibly good.
This wine is soft and round, with attractive acidity as well as a light sense of structure from tannins. It features considerable acidity along with wild strawberry flavors that keep it lifted and aromatic. Drink from 2017.
Sweet, soft and delicious, this is a rich Zinfandel to savor with barbeque. It's tasty in blackberry, cherry and blueberry fruit, with a coating of smoky oak. Earns extra points for a long, exotically spicy finish. Great now and over the next four years.
This 50-50 blend of Monastrell and Cabernet Sauvignon is jammy and modest on the bouquet. In the mouth, it's plump but a bit wishy-washy, with generic dark-berry flavors. While it's easygoing on the finish, it falls off a bit and doesn't show much kick. Drink now.
Actually from Santa Rita Hills, this wine is very young now and needs to be decanted to appreciate its ripe blackberry, cola, spice and oak flavors. The air will soften the somewhat astringent tannins and let the wine's flash shine through.
Overtly sweet and simple, with plenty of white peach, honeysuckle and vanilla flavors, this Riesling has a refreshing acidity that makes it clean. Alcohol is nice and low, only 11 percent.
Aromas of berry fruits, coconut and leather add up well, but the wine falls off in the mouth, where it's sweet, gummy and jacked up. Very tannic and compact in terms of feel, with a hard finish anchored by serious tannins. Fruity and forward but lacking balance. Imported by North American Beverage Group.
Currant and green-plum fruits give this wine a rich character that is then cut with orange acidity. The result is a wine that is full bodied, lightly spicy and perfumed. It can be drunk now.
This is a pleasant bottle, with pretty varietal scents of berry, flower and light spice. The tannins are light and rather soft, and winemaker Laurent Montalieu has kept the wine in perfect balance for its modest scale.
Dark pink-red in color, this is a dry, lean and pleasant quaff, bright in cranberry and orange, with a meaty back note and a quick finish.
Like many Marsanne-based Northern Rhône wines, this is reticent on the nose, offering hints of wet stone and lemon zest. It's slightly more expressive on the palate, where it broadens and deepens to show melon and lemon flavors, plus stony, graphite-like notes on the vibrant finish.
A noble tribute to his Bordeaux training, winemaker Jean Michel Morel's namesake blend is beautifully concentrated with rich, sweet black fruit, with hints of violet, savory mushroom, cured meat and clay. A textured and powerful wine with vibrant acidity, it finishes long, with a swathe of velvety tannins.
The Cabernet accounts for just 10% of the blend, but presumably contributes the hints of dried marjoram that add interest to the vanilla and cassis aromas and flavors. This medium-bodied wine finishes dry, with softly dusty tannins. Ready to drink now.
This is a big but balanced expression of Cabernet that is ready to drink now. Layers of black cherry, caramel, vanilla, smoke and crushed black rocks show on the lavish nose. The palate's chalky texture is immediately apparent, with vibrant acidity that carries forth a rich crème de cassis flavor and finishes on roasted coffee and milk chocolate.
Shows the distinctive crushed pepper aroma of a fine Northern Rhône Syrah, although the wine is much softer than anything from that region. The softness makes it gentle and easy to enjoy now, with its delicious flavors of blackberries, cherries, black raspberries, plums and milk chocolate.
Aromas of crushed berry, fragrant purple flower, dark spice and a balsamic note almost jump out of the glass. The full-bodied structured palate delivers dried black cherry, raspberry compote, licorice and a hint of clove set against a backbone of firm, refined tannins. Drink 2018–2030.
This internationally-styled, full-bodied Sicilian Chardonnay opens with oak-driven aromas of toast, butterscotch and vanilla that carry through to the palate alongside flavors of golden apple and lemon zest.
This vintage may surprise you. It's not an inky monster that needs decades to be drinkable, like so many Napa bottlings. You can enjoy it now, with its rich core of blackberry and cherry fruit and sweet, melted tannins. But it will also improve at least through this decade.
Fermented in open granite lagars, this rich wine with its violet aromas is generous and has considerable power. It comes from a great vintage and shows that in its dark fruits and still-firm tannins. This is a serious wine, showing the grapes from the hard soils of the Dão at their best. Drink from 2019.
A longstanding estate wine inspired by the producer's Spanish heritage, this shows bright, measured acidity and stainless-steel fermentation, remaining fresh and fleshy in the glass in its offerings of green apple, lime and peach. Thirst-quenching, the fruit flavors are complemented by floral notes of jasmine.
Intense honeysuckle perfume is offset by enticing complexities of mushroom and earth in this sprightly off-dry Riesling. Concentrated tangerine and stone fruit flavors extend through a long, sunny finish. It's showing well already but should continue to improve through 2020.
This plush, full-bodied wine is already delicious, delivering wave after wave of savory fruit flavor, something like soy-marinated, char-grilled beef. Tannins are supple enough to make this wine drinkable now, yet plentiful enough to suggest ample cellaring potential. Drink now-2030.
This beautiful Brut Rosé sparkling wine from the celebrated Franciacorta region of northern Italy (not far from Milan) delivers a creamy, rich texture, generous perlage and aromas of cranberry and pink rose.
Heady potpourri and rose-petal perfume announce this ice-style Gewürztraminer, leading to an unctuous palate brimming with caramel and honey-dipped apples. Soft, lemony acidity lends a cheerful, sunny feel to the finish.
This producer is the only grower of Caladoc grapes in Portugal, and one of the few in the world. Blended here with Tinta Roriz, the grape gives a ripe, soft and perfumed wine. It has a generous character, all fruit and balanced acidity. Drink now.
Barely noticeable lime and orange aromas sit mute on the nose, which is reduced and artificial smelling. The palate has a hard feel and generic flavors of white fruits. Amid sweetness there's a chemical bitterness. Not one of this winery's better products.
This wine is rich and ripe with full strawberry and red currant fruits. A spice and pepper character adds a bite to the fruitiness. Acidity at the end gives lift.
Fresh aromas of dark violets, sweet lavender, elderberry and a light teriyaki glaze show on the nose of this extra barrel-aged bottling. It's medium bodied on the palate, where dark fruits meet with elderflower and more purple flowers. It's still a bit reserved.
With hints of vanilla as well as black currants, this wine still needs to come into balance. It has attractive fruitiness along with tannins, but it is still young. Drink from 2027.
Dark gold in color and intensely cradled in oak, this wine maintains a balance of complex, well-defined flavors of honey and apple, with lurking minerality that keeps it fresh and lively. It's lush and yet layered, a complete package. Drink now through 2020.
This is the second release this year from Maison Louis Jadot's Oregon project—both wines are labeled Résonance, but this is the Willamette Valley cuvée, not the Résonance vineyard bottling. Some estate fruit is included, and it is a subtle and detailed wine, with pretty mulberry and pie-cherry fruit. Thirteen months in 20% new French oak adds light mocha highlights, and it is as smooth and refined as one might expect from master winemaker Jacques Lardière.
Closed and tight, this wine takes a while to reveal its ripe pear and apricot flavors. It is rich, but keeps its freshness very much to the fore. Lemon zest and tangerine fruits give acidity, which is rounded out by a spicy, lightly toasty aftertaste.
Tart pomegranate and cranberry meet with strong sagebrush and mace on the nose of this fairly priced bottling. The palate shows nutmeg, pine needle and juniper seasonings, which give depth to the bright and crisp cranberry-orange rind backbone. Pencil shavings add to the complexity.
Rubbery aromas vie with solid berry fruit notes. The palate is basic and a touch edgy in feel, with red plum, currant and herbal flavors. Peppery and minty on the finish, but juicy and correct overall.
The hot conditions of 2009 are draped all over this rich, syrupy wine that's opaque to the eye and heavily charred on the nose. Under a blanket of burnt oak, there's leather, beef and black-fruit aromas. The palate on this heavyweight is chewy, while flavors of oak, roasted berry and herbs lead to a mildly complex but forceful finish. This is more big and ripe than elegant.
This extraordinarily rich Syrah swamps the mouth with jammy blackberries, raspberries and cherries. There's nothing subtle about it. But it's basically dry and properly balanced with acids and tannins, which gives it needed balance. Drink now and through 2014 to experience the youthful opulence.
Pretty flavors of pink grapefruit and stone fruit are cloaked in rich swathes of fennel, honey, petrol and spice on this expressive, penetrating wine. Sweet-tasting and juicy, it bristles with streaks of acidity and astringency. It's already showing its stripes, but it should be even more exciting in five years.
Rustic, harsh, a little unripe, the wine is thankfully dry and low in alcohol, and is certainly affordable, but that's not enough. It lacks fruit, charm and drinkability.
Very fine, very pure Syrah. Intense, well-structured, complex, a wine to lay down for a while, although it's delicious now. Shows spicy flavors of black currants, blueberries and plums, with great, big, softly lush tannins. Should glide smoothly through 2015.
The aromas are warm and spicy. On the palate, there is a herbal character along with smooth red plum fruit and a toast note. It is rich while still preserving a light touch and acidity on the finish.
Mango and melon work the sweet nose, while the palate is just as sweet and a little bit flat. The flavors therefore go toward corn and melon, with honeydew carrying the finish. A softer-style Chard with a weak pulse.
Plump and spicy, mixing mint and apple, with flavors running into riper fruits—pear and peach. This fills the mouth with luscious fruit, suggestions of vanilla cream and butterscotch, with just enough acidity to bolster it on through into the finish. It's big and thick for Riesling, yet beautifully balanced and quite delicious.
A dry, smooth Merlot that hews to the Clos du Val style of lean fruit. The cherry, mocha and cedar flavors have an edge of dried herbs and tobacco. Drink this elegant wine now and through 2014.
Smoky and smooth up front, with bacon, rubber and pure black-fruit aromas. The palate is equally pure and deep, with lush blackberry, cassis, tannins and proper balance. Spicy and tasting of licorice on the finish, with an overall appeal that justifies its price. Excellent Chilean Cabernet that can compete with Napa and elsewhere. Drink now through 2015.
Quinteto is a Cabernet Franc-led blend of five grapes, including Syrah, Merlot, Malbec and Pinot Noir. It opens with scratchy raspberry and herbal aromas that turn murkier with time. Briny flavors of olive and herbal plum carry onto the finish.
Here's an organic Prosecco with a wide variety of adjectives that can be attributed to its aromas: peach, lemon blossom, white peppercorn and talc powder. It boasts good personality and freshness on the close.
Smooth on the nose, with vanilla and peach aromas. It's starting to fade but if you catch it soon you'll get apple, pineapple and some pithy character on both the palate and finish. Tastes wet and easy, and not at all complicated.
Elevated from the first nosing through the multilevel palate and then out the door. Fragrant like an aromatic magnet, with red licorice, wild flower and jammy fruit. A potent brew, with some medicinal cherry to the toasty finish. Super healthy, with an aggressive personality. Could use a year or two to settle because now it's rather tannic. Imported by Europvin.
Flint and yeast vie with each other to give the first impression of this rich wine. The palate backs this up with concentration and a fluid, soft but defined texture. There is a streamline of lemon freshness at the core. This is like a powerful beast that has barely flexed its muscle. Let it come towards you.
A generously ripe touch of apricot hovers before blending in with ripe Amalfi lemon and Granny Smith notes. Brightness and light seem to be at the core of this wine. The mousse is exuberant and flavors are brisk and urgent. Subtle autolysis provides a calm backdrop to all the lively, fruity action in the foreground. The balance is harmonious and flavors are brisk, fruity and pure The long-lasting finish conveys seriousness. Lovely now, the wine will evolve with bottle age. Drink 2017–2022.
For Bordeaux, this is a plump, cushioned wine that brings out rich fruit, chocolate sauce and ample spice. The structure is there, with tannins and a dry core, but it's the soft, generous fruit that is more prominent.
Mealy white-fruit aromas are lacking in clarity and freshness, while the flavor profile is based on pineapple. The finish is broad and heavy.
Like many Navarran blends, there's some murky, flat aromas to this blend, but it shows more life in the mouth, where snappy red cherry and wild raspberry flavors take over. The finish is evenly textured and shows a bit of leftover oak resin. An honest wine but certainly nothing special.
Lightweight red from Gascony, with a touch of tannin, red berry fruits and crisp acidity. A red wine with an attractive bite.
The Bull continues to offer reasonably good value, featuring bold fruit aromas and plenty of flavor intensity for the price. Cassis and tobacco are the main elements, dressed up by hints of mint, coffee and chocolate and framed by some firm, slightly rough tannins. A solid steakhouse red.
This opens with camphor, medicinal herb and cellar floor aromas. The lean, racy palate shows oak-driven spice and powdered sage flavors framed by raspy tannins.
A four-acre parcel in the middle of this premier cru yields a wine with richness. Tannins are well-embedded in the red fruits and the wine shows good freshness at the end. It's already delicious and perfumed, with a firm, dry core. Drink from 2017.
Iris, crushed herb, red berry, exotic spice and balsamic aromas lift out of the glass while the polished palate offers juicy Marasca cherry, cinnamon and a sprinkling of clove. Fine-grained tannins offer elegant support. Drink 2019–2027.
Baked plum, fragrant blue flower, sweet baking spice, eucalyptus and a balsamic note are just some of the aromas you'll find on this bold, delicious wine. The round, smooth palate delivers layers of ripe wild cherry, raspberry compote, mocha, vanilla, star anise and a hint of raisin alongside velvety, enveloping tannins that give it a silky texture. Despite the big structure, it has an almost weightless feel.
Dominated now by that meaty, funky Mourvèdre smell you either love or hate, but in the mouth you'll find a tight young wine with plenty of tannins and a core of black cherry. In need of a year or two of aging. Syrah, Mourvèdre, Grenache.
Stretched on the nose, with reedy, wiry, candied red-fruit aromas. Quite tannic and a bit syrupy in the mouth, with ultrasweet berry flavors and then a scratchy, forward finish. Has its merits but seems out of place and pushy for Spain. Imported by Classic Wines, Inc.
Sappy sweet flavors of orange and flowers meet somewhat clumsily in this wine from Vanju Mare. Heavy and musky on the palate, the wine nonetheless has a nice, lingering finish and an appealing aroma.
A very well-made Merlot, with sweet fruit and attractive scents of vanilla and cracker. Though still showing a lot of youthful acidity, it wraps the fruit in a big blast of new oak and finishes with a hint of heat.
This is a perfumed juicy wine with attractive acidity and plenty of ripe berry fruits. It has light tannins, just enough to give the wine its shape and tannic edge. Drink from 2018.
Toasted aromas come along with fragrances of espresso, forest floor and woodland berries. The palate delivers raw red cherry layered with mocha and coffee bean alongside astringent wood tannins that generate a drying, bitter finish.
Situated to the north of the village of Listrac, this estate is one of several that carries the name Dupré. The wine is dominated by Merlot (60%). That explains the wine's high alcohol and lush character. It also shows signs of firm extraction that has left a tough dry core. It will soften, but it will not lose its overwhelming richness.
A selection from Weninger's Hochäcker vineyard gives classic Blaufränksich earthiness, with firm tannins tamed by bursting cherry and damson juice flavors. The wine has power, concentration, impressive weight.
Light cranberry fruit is set against drying tannins. The mouthfeel is astringent, almost chalky, with a whiff of the barnyard evident. Not as substantial as previous editions of this single-vineyard wine, this is one to drink up while it's young.
Very dark for Mencía, which indicates that it is an old-vines wine of pedigree. The nose is composed of cigar box, licorice gumdrop, balsam wood and berry fruit. In a word it's hedonistic, and the richness and full-bodied berry and plum flavors may just bowl you over. It's definitely more oaky than many, but it still qualifies as Bierzo at its most bountiful.
Give credit to Ballentine for sticking by this variety even when it's such a hard sell. It's a good wine, crisp and minerally, with sweet Pinot Grigio-like citrus, vanilla and spice flavors.
Simply sensational, this estate-grown Viognier raises the bar for everyone. It's a glorious mesh of citrus flesh and rind, elevated with spicy highlights of orange, tangerine and Meyer lemon. Outstanding concentration, focus and depth, with juicy acidity underlying an astonishing finish.
From the area of La Morra in the Langhe, this elegant Barolo delivers a tight, traditional style with sharp aromas of blueberry, spice, teriyaki sauce and root beer. There's very nice depth and density here with a bright, menthol-driven finish.
An intensely structured wine, very ripe but also floral, perfumed and aromatic. There is power in this smooth, creamy character, which has rich berry fruits to go with the tannins.
Cherry, black pepper and vanilla greet you and appear again in the long finish. The hollow middle, however, detracts from an otherwise fine effort.
Whiffs of white mushroom, saffron and caramel lend complexity to this concentrated elixir of apricots and orange peels. It's honeyed and sweet but vivaciously balanced, glazing the palate in ethereal textures of gossamer and tulle. The caramel finish lingers endlessly.
Luscious black cherry and raspberry flavors distinguish this fruity, surprisingly forward Lemberger. Layers of concentrated fruit and soft, lush tannins get a hit of mouthwatering acidity on the midpalate. A wine to be enjoyed now.
Mostly Sangiovese, this wine appears to have seen some oxygen exposure that interferes with its blue fruit and herb aromas. It drinks quite sweet with a mixture of chocolate and cherry flavors.
This is an irresistibly tasty wine, bursting with lovely berry and cherry fruits, soaked in deliciously decadent chocolaty barrel flavors. But it's not that simple. Propped up with sufficient acidity, ripe tannins and a slight tilt toward earthy underpinnings, it offers compelling length and complexity also. Drink now through 2022.
Juicy black fruits give a great start, supported by the tannins that kick in. Ripe, full of flavor and generous, this is a broad, full-bodied wine. Drink from 2016.
Just a hint of horsey leather over dense, cherry liqueur flavors. The wine is earthy but carries it well, and the super-saturated fruit offers substantial flavors that carry the authority and taste of old vines.
A blend of Zinfandel and Syrah, this wine is exceptionally ripe in jammy berry, cocoa and spice flavors. With gentle tannins and a slightly sweet finish, it's an easy sipper.
Very rich and ripe, marked by pure, intense flavors of cherries, blueberries and spicy cloves. It displays the balanced elegance and thoughtful winemaking of this winery. Young and juicy now, it should develop in the bottle for a year or two, but some sharpness in the finish will ultimately limit ageability.
Rich golden and red apple notes play on the nose of this appetizing wine. The palate echos the aroma with both ripe generosity and crisp freshness. It's juicy and textured with a pervasive freshness that brightens everything and a wonderfully clean and lip-smacking finish.
An awkward Chardonnay. It's strong in apricot flavors, suggesting some overripeness, while the vanilla and butterscotch give it a candied, fruit juice sweetness. Drink up.
This rich, creamy and lush wine's smoky dark cherry and vanilla scents stand out before taking on complex black olive and tobacco characteristics. Full-bodied and 100% varietal, this is a showcase of valley floor finesse and power.
Very perfumed Riesling, full of white flowers, hedgerow fruits and fragrant acidity. There is a good granular texture to balance this fruitiness giving a ripe wine that can be drunk now.
This wine kept improving in the glass over a period of hours, and as it did so, the score kept rising. Initial scents of Bourbon barrel gave way to rich blueberry and black cherry fruit, set in a roasted, potent mix of darker flavors. Smoke, coffee liqueur, a whiff of stem, a streak of vanilla, all tightly wound and elevated with scents of citrus peel.
A particular and odd style of wine that frankly seems too far out of the norm. Blueberry, juniper, citrus peel and air freshener all appear on the scrappy bouquet, while the flavor profile is herbal, green, salty and strange. This is a new wine for the American market from Bodega Colomé, and it needs work.
Taking time to come around aromatically, it opens up with plum and bright red cherry fruit that follow on the palate, a touch of savory tobacco suggested around the tannins. On the finish expect a balance of spice and sweet as black pepper and caramel compete for affection.
Fragrant, light and graceful, this inexpensive Oregon Pinot Noir does everything right. It does not try to be darker, riper, richer, or oakier than the grapes actually allow. The fruit is pleasing, with scents of cherry and rose petal, hints of pine, tart flavors of cranberry and lightly applied suggestions of earth and coffee.
Floral and lightly soapy, this is clean and simple, with bare bones varietal character. Drink it chilled within the first couple of years after release.
A soft, simple wine, with cherry cough medicine flavors.
Aged 40 months in French and Russian oak, this leads with green herb, bell pepper, vanilla, cherry and spice aromas and follows through with ripe black cherry flavors. The nose and palate seem disconnected, the green notes unusual for the appellation and vintage.
This smells rubbery and a bit gamy, with meaty berry aromas. Tannic, with gaps in the mouthfeel, it has flavors of prune and herb, which are not excessively sweet or raisiny. The finish is dry, tannic and steady.
structured Brunello, it opens with aromas of forest floor, black berry, crushed flowers and mint. The palate delivers restrained wild cherry accented with clove and Mediterranean spices alongside bracing, tightly knit tannins that need to unwind. Drink 2016–2021.
This is a solid, structured wine that is still young. Firm tannins go with the berry fruits and acidity. Today, it's still tight and closed up, so it needs time to open out. Wait until 2016.
This wine seems sweet and refreshing, with juicy flavors of orange, apricot and peach, leading to a spicy finish. It's polished and drinks well now; try it with Asian fare.
From midway between Bordeaux and Toulouse, the small area of Buzet produces wines in the likeness of Bordeaux. This blend has the tannins of Cabernet Sauvignon prominent in the mix, giving the wine structure and density. Drink the wine from 2018.
White pepper and dill scents make up a promising beginning and lead to a velvety palate with plenty of roasted meat and black cherry fruit. A fine choice with barbecue. Drink now to 2010.
This opens with a wet earth aroma, plus easy notes of black fruit and prune. On the palate, there's a ripe note of fruity sweetness that gives the wine roundness and softness on the finish.
A rich, decadent and generous wine, 100% varietal, this is both floral and fruity, bright in cherry and raspberry alongside herbal cedar and vanilla. A medium weight surrounds softly integrated tannins, leading the way to an explosive, juicy finish. This is a classic example of the appellation's prowess in approachable power.
This opaque Cab shows a sexy, bouquet of black currants, cream, figs and cinnamon. The palate's black-on-black berry-pepper flavors and cedar accents set up the spicy finish. It's hefty and chewy, but balanced and well-fruited. Can be enjoyed now, and should drink well for three to five years.
Fun and refreshing, this opens with aromas of spring wild flower, white stone fruit and a hint of citrus. The vibrant palate doles out white peach, green apple and lemon zest alongside bright acidity and persistent bubbles. It closes crisp and clean.
Very sweet, but the raspberry and cherry fruit is thin, making the wine ultimately unsatisfying.
Even in this vintage, which was not so great, Beaulieu has succeeded with this dramatic, classic Cabernet Sauvignon. It's absolutely delicious, offering a range of blackberry, black currant and cedar flavors, complexed with notes of chocolate, anise, sweet smoky leather and Asian spices. Beautiful now for its velvety softness, but has the inherent structure to last for a long time. Through 2014, and much longer if you like older Cabernet.
This is a dry, crisp, forward, well-aged wine that blends five aromatic white grapes, principally Gruner Veltliner and Pinot Gris. Already showing signs of oxidation, it's a pleasant, though nondescript white wine that should be consumed by 2018.
This elegant Riesling smells beautifully of honey, fresh apples and petrol. Dry and austere, but not the least bit bony in style, its refreshing lime juice palate and saline finish would pair wonderfully with sashimi or raw oysters.
With wood aging, the Sauvignon Blanc has developed vanilla flavors that are currently smothering the fruit. Ginger dominates, along with black pepper, giving a wine that has a tangy texture just hinting at juicy white fruits. Age until 2016.
A big, fat and rich wine, with tropical fruit flavors. There is spice from the prominent wood with an edge of vanilla. It's a powerhouse of a Chardonnay, ripe and full, the acidity lending crispness to the finish.
Oak-driven tones of toasted spice, pipe tobacco and bitter chocolate are followed by balsam tones of licorice, cola and dried ginger. There's a touch of fruity richness followed by crisp acidity and forest berry.
Very mineral in character, this tastes of the stones of the steep Singerriedel vineyard. The wine shows tight texture—acidity along with green fruit flavors. The aftertaste brings out citrus freshness.
This is nicely done given that 2008 was a subpar year throughout Spain. The bouquet deals full berry and cherry aromas with notes of exotic spices and perfume. It feels thick and creamy but polished, with deep blackberry and cassis flavors. Jammy almost to the point of raisiny, but with such deep fruit it works.
Somewhat tight and in need of time in the bottle to open up, this wine may someday merit a 90+ rating. Right now, it’s firmly acidic, but there’s enough rich black-cherry fruit to suggest it will be more approachable in a couple of years. Shows nice varietal features: a velvety (but not heavy) mouthfeel and black and orange tea notes on the finish.
This super Tuscan blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cabernet Franc and Sangiovese delivers rich softness and a plush, approachable style. You can't help but love those decadent layers of chocolate, spice and cherry liqueur.
This straightforward Barbaresco opens with a pretty nose of wild rose, crushed red berry and balsamic notes. The palate delivers ripe black cherry, licorice and cinnamon alongside chewy tannins.
Aromas of dark berry, tilled soil, underbrush and espresso lead the nose while the taut palate offers sour cherry, sage, white pepper and star anise. It's still tightly wound and nervous, with bracing tannins. Drink 2019–2029.
This vineyard-designated expression of Testamatta offers beautiful elegance and sophistication that shows restraint at first, but slowly builds aromatic intensity and momentum. It's a tight, compact wine, with an extremely bright point of cherry and spice on the long, fresh finish.
A well-structured steak wine, this Shiaz wraps chocolate, lush berry and meaty aromas and flavors into a full body, with chewy tannins and a savory, juicy finish.
A brilliant brut, comprised of Pinot Noir and Chardonnay. It displays the qualities of dryness and yeastiness, with complex flavors of limes, vanilla and a touch of raspberry. The mousse is very fine, while the acidity is extraordinarily clean and brisk. Beautiful now, and should age for many years.
A strong buttery, jammy aroma and flavors like cherry candy make an unusual profile and cover up most varietal flavors in the grapes.
Il Tralcetto (with a grape vine cutting affixed to the neck of the bottle) is a series of red and white wines that offer easy food pairing opportunities and attractively low prices. This Pinot Grigio shows fresh crispness and clean aromas of stone fruit and citrus.
Typical of a fine young S&B; Pinot, this is rather hard and closed in tannins now, although decanting will help coax out the cherry and currant fruit. But it really needs a good 4–6 years.
Zenato is a reliable producer of quality Amarone, producing wines that always show personality and intensity. This delivers bold fruit and background tones of polished leather and dry tobacco. The mouthful is very bold and thick, boasting a playful touch of sweet spice.
An unusually perfumed, sweetly floral scent soon yields to notions of juicy pear. Pear fruit dominates the dry palate that is richly textured without being fat, with hints of nut and gingerbread. Wonderfully layered, the wine offers a creamy finish.
This ripe wine is still young. It has a taut texture that's dominated by the lively white fruit and crisp acidity. There's a mineral streak that cuts through the wine to give a steely texture that will soften over the next year. Drink from the end of 2018.
A very good value-priced Rioja with rubber and hickory on the bouquet along with light touches of cassis and red plum. Feels smart, fresh and lively, with a good blend of tomato, herb and red berry flavors. Finishes spicy and crisp, with an herbal, peppery accent.
This is a crisp, creamy white wine, with lingering acidity that offers a tartness of preserved lemon and stone.
Very fresh and citrusy on the nose, followed by lime and grapefruit flavors. They're backed by a bass note of apple. Creamy-textured on the palate, ending with more citrus and a hint of spice.
Wood-aged, rich wine, the flavors dominated by the warmth of Syrah and Mourvèdre, given structure by Cabernet Sauvignon. The style is firm, with the tannins an important element as part of the dense dusty texture.
Happily, production of Les Dijonnais has climbed to 800 cases, while the quality remains as good as ever. This smooth and supple wine is velvety in the mouth, with flavors of raspberry, blue plum and black cherry. Its palate-pleasing thickness carries a vein of licorice and dark chocolate. Drink now through 2025.
Beautifully rich and round, this ripe, apricot and pear flavored wine has a broad, creamy texture. With its fruit, it is ready to drink, but will improve 2017–2018.
Clean and vibrant, with citrus blossom and apple aromas. The palate is a bit neutral in flavor but shows good cut and a cleansing feel along with tastes of spiced apple and white nectarine. Finishes clean and pure. Drink now.
This bottling offers a tarry backbone on the nose with a hint of crushed elderberry. The palate is a bit bitter, with Concord grape flavors cut by tar and bittersweet dark chocolate shavings.
This sweet, oaky and simple Chardonnay has soft flavors of pineapple and caramel.
Exuberant rose, lychee and orange blossom perfume abounds on the nose of this light-bodied white blend. Just a shade off dry on the palate, its sun-kissed peach and citrus flavors are plush and concentrated. Zesty acidity and a crush of minerals revitalize the finish.
The wine is rich, medium sweet and intensely aromatic and spicy. A spicily hot character derives from the pepper, bergamot and cardamom flavors. At the back are a firm structure and tropical fruits. Age this wine and don't drink before 2017.
Unctuous and made in a robust style, this wine offers a taste of caramel apple and hazelnut, with the illusion of sweetened oak amid a persistent finish.
This easy, thin and crisp expression of Nebbiolo would pair nicely with cheddar burgers and spicy mesquite barbecue sauce. The wine's compact structure would complement the fat of the cheese and meat and its crisp acidity would keep the palate refreshed.
Young, big-boned, raw and still grapy, but all the right ingredients are there for a solid, varietal and chewy Syrah, perfect for the barbecue season.
Blueberry, black cherry and red berries on the nose are followed by structured but slightly tart red fruit flavors on the palate.  Diverse spices and some oak add weight and balance the edge. The wine is generally food friendly and flavorful.
Pine resin, bay leaf and cedar aromas give depth and intriguing forest floor nuance to the tart cranberry and red flower scents on the nose of this bottling. The palate is extremely savory, with incense, damp anise and more woody spice flavors decorating the sour plum fruit. Light, energetic and extremely flavorful.
This is a gorgeous rosé that should be paired with salmon canapés, poached bream or shellfish risotto. The color is a beautiful pale pink and the aromas include white almond, cassis, wild berries and rose.
The fascinating nose of this wine is reason enough to seek it out—an aromatic display of underripe raspberry, tart pomegranate, fresh dill, eucalyptus and sage. Montmorency cherry notes show on the palate, along with mace, Vietnamese cinnamon and fennel. A unique, refreshing and memorable wine.
There's great minerality to this wine, as aromas of chalky soil mix with notes of brisk red apple skin, hard pear and a drizzle of honey. Fresh apple slices and orange citrus flavors liven up the mouth, ending with a lively and mouthwatering finish.
Funky, yeasty aromas of cinnamon, spent lees and bread yeast dominate the nose. This feels foamy, with lightly vegetal flavors of apple that finish briny.
Deliriously delicious, decadent, stupendously flavorful, words can't describe the impression this massive wine makes. It's an explosion of blackberry pie, cherry marmalade, vanilla fudge and Oriental spice flavors, all carefully controlled in a dry, crisp, softly tannic package. All Loring's wines possess superripeness, but this one somehow brings balance and sophistication. Wow.
The bouquet is fragrant and pulsating with vibrant hues of raspberry, blueberry and white almond skin. Barbera d'Asti is known for its natural freshness and the integrity of its small berry flavors. This well-priced wine has both.
A 50-50 blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot, this is a supple, vibrant wine that offers sensations of blue flowers, black currants, black cherries, savory white pepper and licorice. Polished tannins carry the savory flavors followed by a tobacco note that closes the finish.
One might think that a seven-year-old crianza would be fading, but this one isn't. Sure, it's ready to drink now, and cellaring is unnecessary, but the fruit is pure and exciting. The cherry and raspberry character is exact and lively, while the feel is lean and easy. On the finish, which isn't huge, you get a nice reflection of the wine amid some healthy tannins and acids. Almost certainly good with food.
Herbal, peppery and minty on the nose, with pleasant, bright berry and tea flavors. Firm on the finish. Imported by Smart Imports Inc.
Creamsicle aromas have a dry tea note, and overall this tastes like Pinot Noir. It feels foamy and soft, with flavors of tea leaf, orange and cherry. The finish is rooty tasting and mild.
With just a hint of a pink color, this is a crisp and fruity wine. Citrus, tangerine and lemon flavors carry a light touch of red currants. Drink this bright wine now.
Full and rich, this is ripe with red berry-fruit flavors. Orange-pink in color, the wine, despite its acidity, seems heavy. The aftertaste is soft and rounded, with strawberry flavors.
One of the drier, more elegantly structured Sangiovese out there. It shows subtle red cherry, red currant and tobacco flavors, laced with white pepper. A hard streak of acidity cuts through the middle, suggesting softening things like olive oil, lamb, mozzarella cheese.
Mouthfilling and fat—almost too much so—this is a chunky, weighty example of Tavel that almost demands to be served alongside red meat, like a light red rather than a rosé. Raspberry and white chocolate notes offer just a hint of peppery spice on the finish.
A finely structured, impressively elegant wine, packed with dark fruit skin flavors, heavy with tannins and delicious perfumed fruit. While it is rich, it is also dry, suggesting excellent aging potential.
This is a reserve bottling of Goldschmidt's regular Vyborny bottling. It's essentially the same wine, but far more tannic, and perhaps a touch more concentrated. Dustily dry and astringent now, it seems like a guaranteed cellar candidate, with its rich core of blackberries, currants, mocha, herbs, anise and cedar. Better after 2011, and for many years.
Firm tannins and a dry finish mark this wine. It has a wealth of blackberry, currant and sandalwood flavors as well as a salty, smoky umami taste that suggests grilled bacon. Drink now.
This densely textured, deeply flavored wine showcases the beauty of old vines in Amador terroir. It has an opaque color, opulent clove, blackberry and cassis aromas, and ripe, jammy flavors that drench the palate yet are supported by tannins firm enough to keep it balanced and appetizing. Best after 2020.
This full-bodied, focused and distinctive wine has a deep, dark color, aromas of black cherry and cocoa, and flavors that are ripe and lingering. It offers power and complexity.
This is a rich, spicy and lush-fruited rosé. Its palate-pleasing tangle of citrus, peach and light tropical fruit is fresh, forward and inviting. It spent five months in neutral oak and is ready for immediate enjoyment.
Orchidea is a 50-50 blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot that shows loads of ripe fruit, blackberry, cassis, chocolate and leather. Pair this wine with osso buco.
This is a hearty, tannic, big and burly wine made from a well-known vineyard in the heart of the appellation. Dense fruit flavors are framed by prominent notes of tar and leather, while a smoky char provides support and additional savory flavor.
Peppery! Mounds of freshly crushed black peppercorns erupt from the glass, giving the blackberries and currants a spicy finish. Shows real class and elegance for the price.
A light, bright, affordable quaffer, this youthful wine is flinty with a juicy core of fresh-pressed grapefruit and lemon peel. It retains varietal character and a buoyancy throughout, finishing with grace and persistence.
Made with organically farmed grapes, this opens with subtle aromas of red berry, clove and blue flower. The easy drinking palate offers black cherry, mint and a hint of anise alongside polished tannins and racy acidity.
Dry, savory and richly steeped in oak, this SB has the markings of whole-cluster pressing and 3% Sémillon blended in, along with an inviting floral hum on the nose. The taste leans toward peach and grapefruit, zesty and alive.
Initially, this seems hard and piercing on the nose. The tight palate with scratchy tannins is home to ripe, medicinal flavors of berry fruits, burnt toast and black coffee. A minty, oaky finish is the close on this blend of Syrah, Carmenère, Cabernet Sauvignon and Cabernet Franc. Drink through 2018.
With its yeasty aromas and fresh, crisp acidity, this is a young-tasting Champagne. There are flavors of green apples, just a hint of toast and a dry aftertaste from the low dosage.
The Alicante Bouschet grape's red juice has produced a wine of intensely dark color. The texture is creamy, and the flavors of berry and coffee are rounded. There is a fine touch of spice, although pepper from the alcohol does intrude.
The wood and toasty character of this mature Port is just right. It has a fine balance between its old gold flavors and the spirit, giving an intense, concentrated character. Hints of fruitiness are still, just there. The aftertaste, rich and dry, lingers on and on.
Named after the 18th Century Russian tsar, Peter the Great, this wine is tannic and structured, with a fine balance of black fruit. The Merlot in the blend, which softens the Malbec, has also added a strongly rich and fruity character. Drink from 2019.
Generic smelling, with simple melon and citrus aromas. The palate has the right level of tang and acidity, which uplifts apple, nectarine and gooseberry flavors. Tight on the finish, with lock-down acids. Very zesty stuff; a mix of Sauvignon Blanc and Verdejo.
Chapoutier's largest Hermitage cuvée is rich and almost fudge-like in 2007, yet at the same time isn't at all sweet or confected. Notes of sweaty leather, dried cherries and chocolate are framed by silky tannins. Drink now–2020.
You can taste the touch of consulting enologist Carlo Ferrini here: This is an opulent, modern and plush rendition of Chianti Classico with deep tones of cherry, vanilla and chocolate fudge. It's rich and plush in the mouth with velvety tannins and dark concentration.
Here's a dark, rich, ripe and full-bodied southern Rhône-style wine that personifies Paso Robles reds. A blend of Grenache and Syrah, it offers gobs of cherry pie filling, anise, bacon and peppery spices wrapped into soft tannins. Finishes a bit hot. Drink soon.
The Ab Ovo is principally fermented in a concrete egg, as students of Latin might easily surmise. Richly detailed and layered, the wine displays impeccable balance, ripe citrus and tropical fruit flavors and countering acidity. The egg seems to bring out some additional minerality also.
Nuances of vanilla and toasted baguette add flair to this full-bodied and textural wine. It has straightforward crisp apple and grapefruit flavors, a dry balance, and a taut, almost astringent finish.
There's a peppery heat to this wine from high alcohol, but if you can get past that you'll find a dry, fruity Zin. Rich in spicy wild berry flavors, and turns slightly Porty and raisiny on the finish.
A berry scented wine that's loaded with fresh mint aromas and accented by toasty oak.  The tannins are ripe and soft; the acidity bright.
Herbal wine, with green plum fruits laced with basil and chive flavors. The wine has a mineral edge to it, its fruit under tension from the acidity and bright aftertaste.
A really good and upright blend of Cabernet, Malbec and Syrah that exhibits composure along with nice berry and pastry aromas. Bright and zesty in the mouth, with boysenberry, blueberry and pulse to the palate. Long, driving and steady on the finish.
This slightly chunky Pinot Noir boasts robust aromas and flavors of black cherries, roasted parsnip and hickory smoke. It's not the most finesseful Pinot Noir out there, but it's assertively flavored, varietally correct and should drink well over the next several years.
Pear, arugula, white pepper and apricots take turns in dazzling nose and palate. A serious, concentrated and mineral vein of power also courses through this sleek wine, which holds even more future promise.
Made from 80% Syrah, 15% Grenache and 5% Riesling, this magenta-hued wine shows exuberant orange blossom and cherry flavors buoyed by moderate acidity and seaspray-like freshness. It finishes rich and fruity, bringing a creamsicle in summer to mind.
After a rubbery opening, this blend of Malbec, Cabernet Sauvignon and Bonarda picks up steam and freshens up significantly. Aromas of sly dried berry take over, leading to a full, flush palate of plum, raspberry and raisin. Comes around the more time you spend with it.
A mouthfilling blend of 75% Syrah and 25% Grenache, this is soft and substantial, yet balanced. Leathery meat and blackberry compote intermix in a vibrantly fresh take on Rhône-style reds, peaking on the bright, herbes-de-Provence-flecked finish.
Light Beaujolais in style, very fruity, packed with red cherry and juicy spice. It is bright, vivid to taste. Try serving just chilled.
An aggressive, forward, high-acid wine with a lot of quality as well. The nose mixes dried cheese, leather, heat and savory red fruit aromas, while the palate rides a tight line of acidity toward angular raspberry and cherry flavors. Very zesty, tart and lively, but also deep in terms of minerality, freshness and potency. Drink now through 2012.
This polished, structured white opens with intense aromas of yellow peach, passion fruit, dried hay and crushed tomato vine. The linear, vibrant palate delivers juicy nectarine, creamy white peach and green melon. It's balanced, with refreshing acidity.
This well-balanced, enjoyable red opens with aromas of blackberry, blue flower and a whiff of baking spice. The generous, savory palate delivers juicy blackberry, cassis, ground pepper and a cocoa note alongside velvety tannins that lend finesse. Drink through 2018.
Ripe cherry fruit and tobacco are backed by subtle tones of toasted almond and smoked bacon fat. This Cabernet Sauvignon-Merlot-Sangiovese blend delivers dense, slightly sweet flavors with a very soft, yielding texture that would pair well with succulent beef or lamb.
This is initially quite closed but it eventually opens up in the glass to reveal wild berry, cooking spice and a whiff of cellar floor. The palate offers unripe sour cherry, white pepper, cinnamon and grilled herb alongside youthfully assertive tannins. Drink 2017–2022.
This opens with aromas of white spring flower, citrus and a hint of thyme. The juicy palate doles out yellow peach, tomato vine and a hazelnut note alongside bright acidity. Enjoy soon.
Pure bright smoky fruits give this wine its edge of tannin and great red plum and spice flavors. Its youth adds a dry character to the fruitiness and acidity. Drink this from 2018.
Well made in a lighter style, this offers strawberry and raspberry fruit, tart acids, and a tight, somewhat tannic exit. This winery has dramatically reduced the alcohol levels of their wines over the past few years—by what means we do not know—but the 13.1% listed here feels a little thin.
Sulfuric and reductive to start, with heavy aromas of match stick, barnyard and algae. But if you haven't tossed it aside after the first sniff or two, there's a lot below the surface. For starters, the richness and pungency of the melon and peach flavors is something. So is the briny character of the palate. But let it be noted: one of our panelists simply did not like this wine, proclaiming it “oily and dominated by salinity.” Imported by Winesource USA.
Earthy, spicy aromas of juniper, bell pepper and oak cover up slightly underripe berry scents. This has an acceptable level of tannic scratch and peppery, herbal berry fruit flavors. Like the rest of this Cab, the finish is lightly herbal, green-leaning and hard.
Rich and opulent, this is a gorgeously perfumed, sweet wine. The Eichberg vineyard produces opulent wines, and this is no exception. A touch of honey matches the intense spiciness and general sense of flamboyance. It's a ripe wine, while still structured and dense. Drink from 2017.
Tart Mandarin orange rind is woven into riper aromas of Anjou pear and honey butter on the nose of this wine. Its palate is Chablis-like, with lime, lemon and kumquat flavors, strung from a nervy, chalky spine, finishing with limestone and gravel touches.
Creamy aromas of vanilla yogurt, custard, apple pie and cinnamon show on the nose of this wine from a longtime family of grape growers. The palate is crisp with pear juice, rounded with marzipan flavors and touched with light honeysuckle flowers.
96-98 Barrel sample. All the right elements are here. The wine is powerful, but has a wonderful lift of fresh fruit, spiced with wood but never too much. The tannins are sweet, ripe and delicious. It shows both gorgeous fruit and a dense structure.
Massive in chocolate, blackberry, blueberry and cherry jam intensity, this is a brilliant wine. It's so delicious that you'll want to drink the whole bottle. The inclusion of Cabernet Franc in the blend may be partly responsible for its accessibility. It's wonderful to drink now, despite having fine, firm tannins. Give it some decanting, and then watch as it changes in the glass with every sip.
Father-and-son vintners Joe and Sam Miller consistently deliver solid wines, including this twist-top Merlot that's aged in 50% new French oak. Its boysenberry fruit is awash in the green peppercorn, herb and crushed graphite character associated with the mountainous region. That pyrazine touch hits the palate, along with black pepper and dark chocolate spice, accenting the tangy red fruit.
Produced by the winemaking team of Château de Belcier in Castillon, this is a firmly structured, dry to the core wine. There are hints of ripe and juicy berry fruits to go with the dark tannins and dense texture. It needs several years to age.
Pleasant scents of toasted apple and peach pit lead the nose of this rich yet well-balanced wine, with additional notes of grilled pineapple and fresh straw. The medium-weight palate is plush and creamy, yet it offers ample acidity to lift the wine's richness and ripe fruit flavors. Spiced orange, lemon custard and fresh honeycomb all grace the long, evolving finish. Drink now–2020.
Light, pale, watery, barely ripe with watermelon and not much else, a little leafy.
Marco Felluga's creamy Chardonnay is exactly the kind of wine you'll want to pair with butter chicken and mashed potatoes or lobster. There's great consistency and density here and the wine is redolent of yellow rose, apricot, exotic fruit and light almond shadings.
Direct, pointed black cherry, cassis and black plum aromas are ripe as can be, as is the palate, which feels a bit bumpy and tannic but not heavy or out of balance. Rich, chocolaty blackberry and peppery flavors finish with moderately rough tannins, but everything else is easy. Drink through 2020.
Lovely red apple and biscuit notes emanate here to create the perfect balance between fruit and yeasty autolysis. Acidity streamlines the generous, full-fruited body while soft mousse amplifies all the rich, layered apple flavors. The midpalate texture and finish are impressive. This is the full, delicious package and will make a classy apéritif with enough character to accompany delicate, fine cuisine. The length speaks for itself: pure class. Zero dosage.
Dried red fruit, a touch of tar, fresh violets and cola spice show on this bottling's nose, which is reserved in style. Dried strawberry and cranberry flavors unfold on the palate, along with hints of caramel and hibiscus, proving refreshing if not deep in style.
Sweet and acidic, with strong gooseberry flavors that veer into ammonia.
Raspberry fruit shines through with ample backing acidity. The flavors are true and fresh, though the wine seems to thin out midpalate. It was fermented with wild yeast and aged for 15 months in the barrel.
Though technically off-dry, this tastes tart and racy, following its lively aromatics with crisp citrus-fruit flavors of Key lime, Satsuma orange, and ripe apricots. The fruit sources—Evergreen and Wahluke Slope vineyards—are among the best in Washington for Riesling.
Dark-skinned berry, Mediterranean herb and forest floor aromas slowly emerge along with a balsamic note. The palate offers dried black cherry, mocha, vanilla and a hint of oak alongside fine-grained tannins that leave a firm finish.
A smoky stony mineral element gives this Rhône-style blend an unorthodox, austere but fascinating personality. Those earthy qualities meet crisp reserved grapefruit and white peach on the palate where a tangy and at first slightly astringent texture warms up to reveal a richer lingering finish.
This finely structured wine is ripe and full of blackberry flavors, with a soft, rich texture. That suggests it will age relatively quickly and be ready to drink from 2019.
A charmingly complex medium-weight red, with raspberry fruit, peppery spice and dark chocolate notes all coated in a soft, fine dusting of tannins. Drink now–2014.
Gritty leathery plum aromas are intense but also low on ripeness and charm. Par for 2013, which was quite cool and rainy, this wine feels racy, with abrasive tannins. Short standard black plum and berry flavors finish with controlled toasty oak notes.
The thin aromas of leather, old book paper and horsiness carry to the palate with notes of meat juices and stewy red fruit. This wine is a hint watery, finishes with some eucalyptus and there is enough structure to drink now.
From the onset this wine struts its stuff. The nose amounts to a magnetic blend of cola, spice and exotic dark fruit, while the palate is intense with driving black cherry and blackberry flavors. Yes, there's a touch of blatant oak that sits on the palate and lasts through the finish, but the bet here is that it will dissipate with a little more time in bottle. And the wine's spice and cinnamon notes are star level.
Plum and cherry fruit show on the nose of this blend of 60% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Merlot, 10% Malbec, 10% Cabernet Franc and 10% Petit Verdot, but an iodine character adds a counterpoint to the fruit. Deep black fruit shows on the palate, meshing with savory spice and lifted by boisterous acidity.
Here's a warm-climate Pinot Nero that shows all the characteristics aromas of the variety—wild berries, blue flowers and cherry—in a more pronounced and immediate manner. It's a bigger, more generous interpretation of the grape with a purely Sicilian signature.
This is a sharp and expressive blend of Chardonnay and Pinot Bianco with subtle notes of exotic fruit, banana, scented soap and white peppercorn. In appearance, it is luminous and bright and in the mouth, it is sophisticated, soft and smooth.
92-94 Full of toasty flavors, this is a structured, wood and ripe fruit dominated wine. It has weight, while also feeling fresh. Great final spice and pear flavors.
James Family continues to produce solid Pinot Noirs from this vineyard that are typical of the Sonoma Coast. The wine is dry, properly tart in acidity, and has flavors of pomegranates and cranberries, with astringent cherry-skin-like tannins.
Girlan is a quality-minded producer from the extreme north of Italy with a beautifully crafted and intense expression of Chardonnay. You'll get aromas of peach blossom, freshly churned butter and almond nut over a smooth and supple mouthfeel.
This offers aromas of just-crushed grapes, a note of chopped thyme and a whiff of moist soil. The palate is simple and soft, offering wild strawberry and a hint of fennel seed alongside round tannins.
Slightly gaseous on the nose and losing freshness with each passing day. Zingy acids are keeping it alive but the flavors are slipping toward cranberry and tomato. Not much else is left.
This easy-drinking wine opens with aromas of ripe blackberry, blueberry and cooking spices. The palate offers one-dimensional but delicious blackberry and black cherry along with notes of black pepper. It's soft, round and ready to drink.
Ripe honeydew and peach notes lend a welcome touch of richness to this dry, slightly stark Riesling. The midpalate bristles with acidity, finishing tart and citrusy.
Rose petal perfume accents sweet peach and apricots in this luscious, varietally classic Gewürztraminer. It's rich and round on the palate, plump with stone fruit and lychee flavors and finishes elegantly on an astringent black-tea note. Off dry in style, it's balanced and composed in alcohol and acidity.
A simple Chardonnay, full in the mouth, spoiled by touches of sulphur. The wine should develop and bring out the ripe peach flavors that are lying beneath the surface.
An earthy underbelly of just-pulled strawberry marks this wine, alongside a medium-bodied firmness and spicy acidity. Velvety on the palate it also possesses a tannic bite and showy oak.
A blend of native grapes Durello (90%) and Garganega (10%) and made with no dosage, this opens with aromas of roasted hazelnut, lemon zest and yellow apple peel that carry over to the tangy, bone-dry palate. It has crisp acidity and finishes on a note of toasted walnut.
This wine offers a delicate fragrance of pressed white flower, apricot and peach. The palate delivers citrus and toasted almond notes, creamy texture and small, persistent bubbles.
Full, dark and dense, with blackberry, molasses and bacon on the nose. At first it seems modern and new-wave, but the palate isn't fat and overextracted; instead it's zesty, vibrant and deals pugnacious blackberry flavors topped with spice and chocolate. A lively, forward but manageable wine to drink now through 2014. Only 416 cases made.
Delicate scents of yellow apple, white spring flower and citrus lead into the tangy palate along with a note of candied tangerine zest. Bright acidity gives it a clean, crisp finish.
Toast, buttercup and baked apple aromas give it some richness and sweetness to start, and the palate is creamy but well balanced, with toasty apple, peach and vanilla flavors. Solid and creamy on the finish, with tropical afterburners. Drink soon before it fades.
This Moldovan sparkling wine is made from 90% Feteasca Alba and 10% Muscat in the Charmot method. It has aromas of green apple, toast and hazelnut. In the mouth, the bubbles are pleasant and prepare your palate for flavors of apple, hazelnuts and toasted almonds.
Where Lang & Reed's '03 Cab Franc is elegant and light-bodied, this is fuller and more complex, although it has nowhere near the weight of a Cabernet Sauvignon. The silky texture carries flavors of cherries, tobacco, sweet kid leather and thyme. Enjoy this dry, slightly tannic wine with grilled veal chops in a wine reduction sauce with mushrooms.
This bright and fragrant wine opens with red-skinned berry, rose petal and exotic spice aromas. It's juicy and savory, evoking strawberry, red cherry and clove on the palate, with silky tannins and fresh acidity providing lift.
Fresh-squeezed blueberry, warm saddle leather and pitch-black chewing tobacco aromas introduce an awesome Cab Franc experience from an unirrigated vineyard planted in 1985. The cedar and even tannin flavors mesh elegantly with the blue and purple fruit.
This wine is structured and tight with minerality and zesty lemon flavors. It has a definite texture and a nervy character that needs to round out.
Bursting with bold, fully ripe fruit notes of pear and peach, followed up with tropical notes, this is a lush fruit bomb of a Chardonnay to drink over the near term (3–4 months).
An unusual and wonderful blend of grapes has produced a simple and fruity wine. Touches of caramel broaden the crisp red berry fruits and bright acidity. It should be drunk now.
Round and ultra oaky on the nose, with creamy mocha aromas. The palate and finish follow suit, meaning a creamy oak feel and flavor dominate. Along the way it's all vanilla, mocha and candy. Smooth and creamy but where's the character?
This Guerneville-area estate is one of the last picked by the producer, and it delivers enviable depth and complexity. Highlights include a dollop of apricot jam beside rich honeycomb and toasty oak. Juicy acidity supports its creamy tendency toward tropical flavor, as streaks of citrus fiercely protect its freshness.
Hints of crushed mineral and struck steel lend a honed, linear feel to this dry, medium-bodied Riesling. It's a bit austere in style, but elegantly composed, with intense apple and pear flavors as well as a streak of lemon-lime on the finish.
A powerful, spicy, sweet-fruited wine that is rich and concentrated. Ripe plums and dark chocolate work together with a firm tannic core. A dense wine for aging.
Woody in cedar and toasted oak, this mild-mannered red is juicy in red currant and plum, offering a lush and plush body and texture. Tannins coat the back of the palate as notes of clove and mocha spark the finish.
This shows the richness of the vintage in its ripe red fruits. It has weight as well as tannins, with a solid, firmly structured base of red plum fruit.
Light straw in color, this wine has a bright nose of pineapple and grapefruit. It fills the mouth with flavors of grapefruit and pineapple, with a touch of quince. The finish is a tad tart, with a pleasant note of passion fruit.
Smooth and easy-drinking, this soft and buttery Chardonnay may call to mind bananas dipped in caramel. What's not to like about that? Drink soon for optimum enjoyment.
The easy joy of sun-drenched stone fruit is evident on nose and palate. The exuberance is only increased by a smattering of lively white pepper and savory yeast. A total joy.
Grapefruit, orange and cherry mélange nicely together on the palate of this tantalizingly zesty wine, the acidity front and forward. Fresh and refreshing, the tang mellows on the finish, providing medium body and weight.
Year after year, Bonterra crafts splendidly pure varietal wines, from organically-grown grapes, and in large quantities that make them easy to find. The '06 Chard is delicious in pineapple, sweet Meyer lemon, tangerine, lime and caramelized vanilla oak flavors that finish clean and long. What a super value.
There is something special about this beautifully balanced wine. It has the ripe and fruity flavors that are expected, but they are attractively reserved, and the firm tannins don't overwhelm the creamy texture. It will be great for a special occasion now through 2019.
Underbrush, new leather, menthol, culinary spice, dark fruit and toast aromas take center stage in this wine. The elegantly structured and linear palate delivers red cherry, strawberry, cinnamon and white pepper flavors set against bright acidity and taut, fine-grained tannins. Drink 2023–2033.
A basic, light, veggie-flavored wine, this smells like celery and onion and tastes like zucchini.
Minerally in texture, this has a core of firm tannin, with streaks of red fruit and acidity. It is always going to be a firm, dry wine.
Sweet and luscious, with powerful raspberry and cherry fruit. Made from 100% Syrah grown in the Moorman Vineyard, it was aged for nearly two years in French oak, much of it new. The alcohol is fairly high, giving the wine a full-bodied, glyceriney mouthfeel.
Almost as sweet as a dessert wine, with vanilla-scented flavors of tropical fruits, honeysuckle flowers and crème brûlée. Would benefit from greater acidity to balance all that richness, but will appeal to people who like an off-dry white wine.
Despite the difficult vintage, this is a fantastic wine. It opens with bright, bold aromas of ripe fruit, blackberry, tobacco, cedar, licorice and dried rosemary. There's a pleasurable touch of chocolate fudge that backs the smooth, rich tannins. This wine should last long in your cellar.
A blend of Grenache Blanc, Roussanne and Viognier, this is a powerfully rich wine, with flavors of pears, peaches, mangos, oranges and almost any other fruit you can name. Thankfully, it's dryish, with a creamy texture and a spicy finish. Almost a food group in itself, it suggests pairing with strongly flavored, umami-rich dishes.
Pure Cabernet from some of Washington's oldest vines at Champoux and Sagemoor, this is a superb bottle, dense, compact and textural. A full mix of black fruits underscored with clean, moist earth and polished, silky tannins, finishes with pretty barrel flavors of spice and vanilla. Broad, deep and immensely pleasurable.
Volatile at first, with more than a hint of vinegar to the nose. Airing helps it along, revealing brambly fruit along with tough tannins. Smells too much like a dairy; barely worth a look.
Tasted beside the wonderful 2006, this Bordeaux blend is considerably more tannic and aloof. Almost equal parts Merlot and Cabernet Franc, it's very deeply flavored in black and red currants, licorice and dusty Asian spices, while lots of new French oak adds a sturdy framework. Seems an obvious candidate for the cellar, and should blossom after 2011.
This big, ripe, fruity wine balances its fruit with a core of firm tannins. It's dense, with a dusty texture, a sweet blackberry-jam flavor and final acidity.
The little subregion of Te Tuna Road, set apart from the vines in and around the village of Martinborough itself, is home to several fine vineyards. This is medium to full in body, with flavors of black cherry, menthol and toast, silky tannins and a long finish. Drink now–2025.
With loads of oak, pineapple and orange honey flavors, this sweet Chardonnay will appeal to those who like this heavy, over-the-top style.
95-97 Barrel sample. Deliciously concentrated fruit, which shows considerable power and ripeness. Yellow fruits, spice from new wood and richness are already combining well. And just as a reminder that this has Sauvignon Blanc in the blend, there is a touch of fresh herbaceousness at the end.
Perfumed, minty wine, very solidly structured, while also showing delicious red berry fruits. The tannins have a distinct mineral character, chewy although well integrated with the fruit.
Luscious aromas of dark cherry, raspberries and vanilla, with pungent spice and even bacon notes, mark the nose of this attractive and well-balanced wine. Mouthfilling black-currant flavors display style and depth, and the texture is even and comfortable. The lengthy finish has slightly sweet fruitcake notes along with cedar and pepper accents.
A soft, easy wine for drinking now. Based on Grenache, it has cherry pie, mocha, red currant and baking spice flavors. Versatile for pairing with a wide range of foods that call for a medium-bodied red.
Subdued aromas of pear and white spring flower lift out of the glass. The lean palate offers grapefruit, pear bitter almond and mineral alongside tangy acidity.
Tommasi's Ca' Florian Amarone delivers loads of ripe, jammy fruit expressed as dried plum, prune and candied berry. The wine feels rich and dense on the palate and imparts a touch of sweetness that makes for a perfect support to the softness of the tannins.
Wild berry aromas are foxy and smell a bit like vinegar. This dark young Tempranillo is severely tannic and hard as rocks. Blackberry and boysenberry flavors finish salty and with rugged leftover tannins.
Up-front fruitiness of green and yellow pear lead to a simple, citrus-fresh palate with lots of zing. A simple, savory pleasure with lingering pepperiness.
Hannah is a particular block from the winery's Tualatin Estate, and shows cool-climate fruit flavors of rhubarb and pomegranate. A light dusting of brown spices and toasted walnuts add complexity. Overall, it's a fine effort in a difficult year.
It's a treat to taste this varietal that is so popular in Italy, but rarely bottled by California wineries. This is a big-impact wine that is not overly full bodied. It is dark colored, full of dark-fruit flavors like blackberry and black fig, and moderately tannic but also fresh and lively.
This will be a delicious, ripe and full wine. Already the red fruits and acidity are filling out the generous space left by the spicy wood. It has dark, smoky tannins and a rich character. Drink from 2019.
Expressive and intense with dried spices, distinct minerality, cherry cola, coffee grinds and just enough soft vanilla toastiness to fill in the blanks. Medium build with modest tannins and a long, herbaceous finish. Imported by Winebow.
Big, black colored wine that is firm and solid while also offering smooth richness. It has concentration, dense and bitter tannins that need time to soften out. Powerful and dense, age this wine for at least four years.
Green and yellow pear peel notes accent this wine's yeasty, savory nose. The palate has spritz and, rather than amplifying those pear notes, leads with lemony freshness. Lovely, light and dry, it almost bounces with freshness.
Fiery and spicy on the nose, with jabby red-fruit flavors of raspberry and pie cherry. The wine is a touch tart and snappy, and the finish is taxed as herbal notes and oak fill the gaps. Very much a typical Chilean Merlot.
There's a pleasant fruity richness to this wine, with pronounced aromas and flavors of peach, pear and guava that are hit by notes of toast and baking spice. It's generous on the palate and full in feel, with a welcome acidic lift on the close. Drink now.
A taut red made of 70% Sangiovese, 20% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Merlot, this has ripe black plum, leather and dried herb aromas. The firmly structured palate delivers dried black cherry, tobacco and clove flavors, accompanied by a touch of aniseed. Tightly knit tannins pull it all together. Drink through 2020.
This bone-dry high-acid wine puts flavors of grapefruit flesh and rind front and center. It's a no-fuss summer sipper, perhaps not quite as rich as previous vintages, or maybe just exceptionally young. It's tangy, fresh and focused.
This elegant wine opens with a bouquet of dark berry, toast and mint. This example of Carmenère shows the variety can yield fruit for dark, suave, well-balanced reds. The oak is nicely integrated and there's a long reprise of the opening aromas on the finish. Editors' Choice.
Smoky cigar and toffee caramel hit the high notes in this soft, thick and rich reserve-level wine, sure to please fans of a full-bodied, generously layered style. Blackberry and blueberry jam provide the fruit to match the savory elements.
While this wine has plenty of ripe fruit, it also has a smoky character from the wood aging. Red berry fruits give a fresh feel, balanced already with the soft tannins. It's going to develop quickly, so drink from 2016.
This wine has rhubarb and cranberry aromas marred by pickle juice. In the mouth it's better, with dark, extracted flavors of cranberry and oak spice. Finishes hot and tannic.
A blend of Nebbiolo, Vespolina and Croatina, this opens with aromas of aromatic herb, wild berry, menthol and a floral note. The firm, vibrant palate offers tar, sour cherry, licorice and white pepper alongside youthfully austere, fine-grained tannins. This needs time to soften up and fully develop. Drink 2019–2027.
Ame means the spirit, the soul, and Alain Rotier believes this wine expresses the true nature of his Gaillac estate. On that basis, it's a place of great perfumes, coming through in the wine from wood as well as chunky black fruits. It is a relatively soft wine, the concentration in the dense fruit rather than the tannins.
Ruby to the eye, this wine has an enticing bouquet of black cherry and soft baking spices. Flavors of black cherry, cranberry, vanilla, sage and orange rind are at home amid a labyrinth of soft but persistent tannins.
Fruit is the hallmark of this blend, based on Cabernet Sauvignon but with one-third Merlot. It's flamboyant in blackberries and cherries, so ripe and pure, while oak adds an equal measure of sweet toast and smoke. With firm, ripe tannins, this wine needs time in the cellar. Should begin to come into its own after 2015.
Properly old gold in color, this is a wine from a single year, aged in casks. It's poised between amazing fruit and a wonderful velvet texture that is shot through with acidity. A feeling of lightness comes from the acidity that gives great freshness as well as complex flavors. It's ready to drink.
Deep gold in color, with sunny aromas of peaches and flowers. In the mouth, however, it's shrill, with blasting acidity and a sour flavor profile. Disappointing because the nose seems promising.
This is a relatively new winery worth watching. This spicy Alicante-Syrah blend has wonderful intensity and weight, chewy tannins and solid black fruit in the mouth.
This svelte wine is smooth and supple, its strawberry and cherry fruit laced with a vein of milk chocolate. Ready for near-term drinking, but balanced and fresh enough to cellar for a few years, it finishes with a lick of citrus.
Opens with leathery aromas suggestive of animal hide along with a leafy element and nuttiness. Airing reveals a compact, medium-intensity palate with baked, roasted, fairly sweet berry flavors. Finishes sweet and mildly leafy.
The Anselma family is committed to producing only great Barolo and nothing else. This vintage of its prized product offers beautiful hints of blue flowers and wild berries followed by herbal overtones. In the mouth, it tastes rich and fresh, silky and smooth.
Fogarty's basic Pinot Noir is very good, although it's not a wine for aging. With its soft dryness and rich tannins, it shows polished flavors of cherries, cola, herbs, cinnamon spice and subtle oak.
On the paler side of the the Chardonnay scale, the nose is subtle, with light touches of cream, butterscotch and smoke. There is a decent tension between ripe, lemongrass-like fruit and a bitter, grapefruit rind acidity in this wine from the team at Terravant Wine Company in Buellton.
The winery notes that this was done in an ice wine style—cryogenically—and it was done very well indeed. Pretty aromas show concentrated lemon and honey highlights. Once tasted, they carry through with flavors of orange marmalade, maple syrup and brown sugar. Sweet but not cloying, it's a slice of lemon pie in a glass.
Leathery berry and reedy aromas feed into a crisp, pinchy and high-acid palate with verve. Rooty notes blend with snappy cranberry flavors, while this ends with firm, fresh acidity and a smack of tartness.
Elegant aromas of pan-seared apples, cream, chamomile, browned butter, sea-salt caramel, cinnamon and cider play into the lush nose of this bottling. The apple-butter character consumes the lush palate, settling into walnut oil and marzipan. It's a richer style, and very well put together.
This medium-bodied white is made from the Trebbiano grape in a small area between Veneto and Lombardy. It has lovely fragrances of peach blossom and Spanish broom, while the palate delivers white peach and lemon pastry flavors. It finishes crisp and clean.
Nice and drily balanced, this is pretty tannic, with blackberry, cherry, leather, carob, coffee and peppery spice flavors that finish with an intriguing touch of tangerine rind. Drink now.
Single-variety expressions of Perricone (a dark red grape found in Sicily) are showing up more frequently and are quickly cementing the grape's quality potential. A dark red color marks this wine's appearance, as do intense aromas of blackberry, plum and spice.
La Marega is a ripe and juicy wine with fruity aromas of red cherry, apple, cedar and exotic spice, ranging from nutmeg to cardamom. The blend is unusual too with Corvina, Rondinella, Croatina, Dindarella and Sangiovese. Deep, dark concentration rolls over the palate with beautiful intensity and succulence. Drink after 2013.
Robust in color and aromas, this ripe varietal Tempranillo deals a shot of coconut-laced oak along with more subtle scents of crushed stones, brick and prune. High-toned acidity is just what a ripe palate requires, while toasty, woody flavors of dark plum and blackberry finish spicy and chocolaty, with a reverb of bracing acidity. Drink through 2025.
This is the current release from Guigal, which makes it one of the few Hermitages on store shelves that's ready to drink. It's medium to full in weight, chunky and assertive, but not overly concentrated or tannic. Instead, it delivers beefy notes of coffee, black olive and spice, backed by hints of raspberries and cedar.
The nose is a mere promise compared to the full-on experience that follows. The dry palate is a lovely synthesis of ripe, textured and tart elements: of russet-pear peel and flesh, of grapefruit zestiness and spice, of ripe and aromatic tangerine. This is concentrated and full of flavor, animated and full of impact. This seems like energizing fuel. Mouthwatering freshness creates a long fruit-rich driven finish.
Old vines give a solid structure for this firm wine that is concentrated and dense. With wood aging and rich berry fruits, it's a complex wine with a good future. The black currant and berry fruits have a fresh character as well as great acidity. Drink from 2017.
This fascinating wine comes from one of Oregon's highest vineyards, which grow at 2,000 feet. Superdense and impenetrably black, the fruit is steely and detailed, the flavors of black raspberries defined with crystal clarity.
Easy to like this softly appealing Merlot. It's a gentle wine, with a silky texture, and has candied flavors of cherries and raspberries. Pretty good price for a nice Napa Merlot.
A lovely Cabernet Franc, one of the best on the market. Shows classic Pride Mountain characteristics of ripeness, balance and immediate drinkability, although it will take a few years in the cellar. Dry and full-bodied, it's rich in black cherries, spices and oak, with firm tannins. Now–2013.
Sémillon and Viognier account for 14% of the blend, taking it away from varietal character but adding some citrus and spice. This is a solid, everyday white, with moderate alcohol and a clean finish.
A terrific value, Von Hövel's basic Riesling offers consumers a chance to taste the mineral nature of the Saar's terroir. Notes of slate are almost smoky in their intensity, while the fruit is vibrant and laser-etched in its precision. The apple and lime flavors are delivered aboard a creamy-textured palate, balanced by crisp acids on the off-dry finish.
Ripeand tropical, yet a bit over the top. This wine seems reflective of the hot 2003 vintage. It's sweet from start to finish, with a thick body that one reviewer labeled “cloying.” If you like richness and size more than citrus and verve, this fits the bill. Imported by Morandell Imports.
The nose on this Shiraz is deep and opulent in character, wafting of mulberry, vanilla and oak, and the flavors are rich and integrated. The tannins are firm but the wine is elegant and enjoyable. An approachable Shiraz that will pair well with everything from grilled ribs to pizza.
Slight notes of iron oxide inform the dense and richly textured red cherry fruit of this sumptuous, velvety red. Direction and sleekness are courtesy of wonderfully ripe but vibrant acidity. This is delicious now with its wonderful red fruit, but will age beautifully. Classy, vibrant and generous.
A rounded wine, showing youthful acidity as well as a light, bright apple and grapefruit character. It's tight and more nervy than some Pinot Blancs, bringing out a crisp, fresh character at the end.
A beautiful rosé bubbly, from the copper-salmon color to the final finish. Made from Pinot Noir and Chardonnay, it's dry and refined, with complex orange, raspberry, vanilla cream, mineral and brioche flavors. Gains extra points for the smoothness of its bubbles.
Even at a considerable 15 g/l of residual sugar, this wine comes across as almost dry, thanks to its crisp acidity. Scents of petrichor, green apple and lime start things off, while those razor-sharp acids show up on the finish. Drink now.
Powerful and intense, this is rich in flavors of tropical fruit, orange, nectarine and sweet peach. Oak is evident in the vanilla and buttered toast notes, but they're in keeping with the underlying wine's volume. Exotic and appealing, it's a wine that will present a pairing challenge; try something complex, like Asian fusion.
A big, bitter chocolate and new wood-dominated wine, the wine's spice coming from wood and also fig and cocoa flavors. There is acidity, and fresh berry fruits coming through the dark, black character.
A fine bottle, roughly half Pinot Gris, half Gewürztraminer, from the Celilo vineyard. The PG is 25 years old; it's a blend that works really well in vintages where the vineyard gets sufficient heat, and 2009 was just about perfect. Partially barrel fermented, it sends up scents and flavors of citrus—lime and orange—with a pleasing roundness from roughly one percent residual sugar.
Brooding aromas of pomegranate, strawberry and spice lead to tart cranberry and raspberry flavors that display exceptional balance, detail and length, with high-wire acidity.
In the increasingly important Dão region, Sobral's top-of-the-range is an impressively rich dense wine. With its great tannins and generous black fruits, it is full of potential. Produced by winemaker Carlos Lucas from a selection of grapes as well as parcels, the wine is concentrated, dark and firm. The acidity gives it great life as well as a juicy character that emphasizes the ripe fruit. The wine is still young, drink from 2019.
A dark core of black plum, blueberry and violet marks the nose of this single-vineyard bottling. The palate showcases purple fruit and floral notes, with concentrated black plum skin and more violet leading the way.
White currant is the dominant flavor of this herbaceous, tangy wine. It also has notes of has green fruit and pink grapefruit, with a tight, zingy finish.
A soft and just off-dry blend of Chardonnay, Aligoté and Colombard, this wine is tangy with citrus and green plums. An herbal edge from the Colombard brings out a crisp texture and acidity. Drink now.
This is a good, solidly made wine with medium body and a pleasant mix of spicy oak and juicy fruit flavors. The texture goes easy on the palate.
Crisp stony lightly herbal plum aromas are moderately smoky. This feels flush and pleasant, with a full body and flavors of plum, cassis and tomato sauce. A controlled composed finish benefits from lasting acidity.
This pink sweet sparkling wine opens with sweet notes of raspberry, vanilla cream, cinnamon and a touch of white pepper. The smooth mouthfeel is supported by fizzy effervescence. Incrocio Manzoni 13.0.25 was created in the 1930's by Italian professor Luigi Mazoni and is a cross between Raboso del Piave and Moscato d'Amburgo grapes.
This is taut and sinewy in profile, but shows off a fine range of aromas, from thyme and lavender to cocoa, red plum and ripe cherry. The raspberry and herb flavors finish in a storm of firm tannins. Drink 2020–2025.
Blackberry, black cherry, earth and rubbery scents create a blunt, dense bouquet. This is round and full in body, with solid tannins balanced by fleshy, fruity depth. Dark plum, cassis and raspberry flavors linger on an earthy finish with toast and cola notes. Best enjoyed 2017–2022
Borgoforte is a well built and very well priced super Tuscan blend that would taste great with meatloaf and mashed potatoes. The wine is dense and round in the mouth with pretty but simple aromas of wild cherry and blueberry.
This blend of 75% Pinot Grigio and 15% Vermentino is a light, simple quaff with some snap to it and not much on the finish.
From a vineyard in Nipomo at the southern end of the county, this fresh bottling show strawberries, ripe lavender, exotic rose petals, cinnamon and lots of red-spice notes. The palate is peppy, with tangy cranberry and pomegranate fruit as well as deeper notes of sandalwood, flint and gravel.
Plummy in dark chocolate, cedar and coffee, this well-structured, 100% varietal wine offers much to enjoy and admire. Exuberantly fruity, with polished, integrated tannins, it's rich and full bodied, finishing with the unexpected elegance of delicate clove and toffee notes.
Made with Prugnolo Gentile, the local name for Sangiovese, and Canaiolo, this easygoing but delicious wine delivers juicy flavors of wild cherry, crushed raspberry, cinnamon and vanilla. It's fresh with a moderately tannic structure. Drink through 2016.
A passito-style dessert wine, this is made from Moscato Rosa. It's fragrant and full of aromas of wild flower, berry, almond and honey.
This ripe, smooth and generous wine also has a good sense of elegance. Acidity, ripe berry and plum fruits and a core of tannins all hang together well to give a wine that's both dense and sophisticated. Drink from 2016.
Ripe and full bodied, this is packed with tasty fruits. Notes of pear, apricot and white peach mingle easily together, creating a forward, wine with the right depth of flavor.
Black cherry, mocha and pepper lead on this easy-drinking red from Chaddsford. On the palate, soft cherry fruit, cedar spice and chocolate give the wine a luscious edge. Pair with Mexican mole, spiced ribs or pasta.
Ultraclean and bright, as Bonterra's wines nearly always are, this Riesling shows good varietal flavors of citrus fruits, peaches, wildflowers and minerals. It's bone dry, and the acidity is wonderfully mouth-cleansing. Try as an alternative to Sauvignon Blanc or Pinot Grigio.
Ripe, concentrated blackberry, cassis, oak and graphite aromas set up a burly palate that's stacked to the max. An oak-based note of popcorn sits atop a heavy palate with deep black-fruit and graphite flavors. An oaky finish with salty blueberry and cassis flavors is bolstered by fresh acidity. Drink through 2022.
This winery's name is a nod to the adjacent Pleasant Valley Cemetery in San Miguel, where the warm climate suits Zinfandel well. Plump and bursting boysenberry and lingonberry aromas are dusted with vanilla and marjoram on the nose. The palate's flavors range from ripe red fruit to clove-driven spice and herbal touches, with pepper-laced acidity.
Dolan continues to produce stellar whites and reds from organically grown grapes in Mendocino County. This Chardonnay is ripe and full of minerality, a liquid form of crisp apple with vanilla on the finish.
The Charmat method of sparkling wine sees secondary fermentation in large pressurized tanks. The process results in easy and informal wines like this Dry expression (with a tad more sweetness). The foamy bubbly delivers dried flower and easy peach characteristics.
This is the best Jewel Block bottling ever from Dutton. The vineyard is in the heart of Green Valley, one of the coolest parts of Russian River, and the magnificent vintage has yielded a fantastically ripe wine, balanced with rich, crisp acidity. The flavors of cherries, raspberries, cola, tangerine zest and dusty Asian spices are rich and deep, but the wine is very young. Give it until mid-2008, and it will drink well through 2013, at least.
This Bandol, from an estate split between Bandol and Côtes de Provence, is full of rich fruit. Perfumed and textured, it is spicy, tangy with tangerines and full of red-berry fruits. The wine has a ripe floral aftertaste. Drink now.
You'll find the hard tannins associated with Diamond Creek's Cabs, as well as an iodine, metallic brittleness to this wine. The combination of the two makes this as tough as any young Napa Valley Cabernet could be. However, the core is potent, suggesting intensely concentrated black currants and blackberries, reduced to their elemental essence. Do not touch this wine before 2020, and it should still be going strong in 2030.
This single-vineyard Agiorgitiko has an earthy olive nose and smooth, integrated flavors of red berry, herbs and spice. Soft but structured tannins and a spin of spice on the finish recommend it for heartier dishes, but it's good enough to savor on its own. Elegant, but with some muscle.
This firm, structured wine has ripe, restrained tannins that lend the palate a sense of elegance. It's a fruity selection, packed with acidity and red berry flavors, and it has a firm finish. Keep this for at least eight years.
Nardo is a big wine that boasts a New World style and an emphasis on oak aging. Penetrating aromas of black cherry, forest berry, chocolate and spice make a strong statement. There's a nice quality to the tannins and the wine's drying finish.
The best of a very fine flight of 2010 Pinots from Rex Hill, the La Colina offers a succulent mix of crushed flower, berry and liquid rock. The flavors meld beautifully, with vivid, lively acidity that brings a touch of grapefruit. The label reads Willamette Valley, though the vineyard is in the Dundee Hills AVA.
With its sticky tannins and hard finish, this wine wants a few years in the cellar. It's quite good, showing a crisp spine of acidity that firms and tones the ripe black currant, cherry liqueur and cedar flavors.
Year after year, Banfi delivers the goods with confidence and character. It's a vibrant, ruby-colored wine with cherry, plum, vanilla, coffee, wet slate and a strong mineral component offset by hints of green bean or rhubarb. A full, round wine with silky tannins that will flesh out further in 5–10 years. Imported by Banfi Vintners.
A clean nose of citrus paves the way for flavors of grapefruit and Sevilla orange. This wine is soft and pleasing on the palate, but it may be touch tart for some tastes.
Mellow on the nose, with red fruit aromas, freshness, hints of tobacco and marzipan. Feels flush in the mouth and lifted by fine acids, while it tastes of dried berry and plum, with dark spice accents. Shows a touch of espresso bitterness on a long finish. A keeper to drink now through 2017.
This is a sweet and round and forward Merlot, at least upon entry. Then it takes a right angle turn, adding more astringent flavors of rock and earth and green tea. It's not quite Jekyll & Hyde, but it's not entirely pulled together. It needs a substantial piece of grilled meat to help soften those finishing tannins.
Very dry and raisiny-pruney, a harsh, somewhat bitter wine. The dryness is relieved by some ripely sweet blackberries that show up in the middle palate.
Simple but cheerful flavors of cherry and berry lead this blend from Virginia. Soft in structure and lacking some dimension, the wine is nonetheless appealing for its bright character.
This wine is particularly lively and well-balanced, with a relatively light color, bright red-cherry aromas and tangy cranberry flavors that open up to riper plum and maple accents. It's medium-bodied, moderately tannic and especially vivid in acidity.
Bulas wines come from vineyards in the heart of the Douro. This tawny, bottled in 2014, is so finely balanced between ripe dried fruits and the flavors of the wood and acidify that come from aging in barrel. It's a sweeter style of tawny, rich with toffee and caramel flavors, just finished by acidity. Drink now.
Round, soft and seemingly a little sweet, this is the sort of wine that simultaneously sells well and gives rise to certain stereotypical views of Australian wine. There's a hint of mint, but mainly black cherry preserves that lack real structure. Drink now.
Here's a beautiful interpretation from the 2008 vintage that shows balance, harmony and intensity all zipped up into one tight package. That seamless integration, followed by rich extraction, gives the wine momentum overall. Although this is a different wine from past vintages, the quality is just as high. Hold 5–10 years.
Grapy and granular smelling, with heavy, raw aromas that lack finesse and agility but offer plenty of thump. Surprisingly, the palate on this dark, more modern-styled wine is kind of tart, with racy cherry and blackberry fruit. Not an easy wine to evaluate; you want more from it but it isn't that generous.
Light and fruity, this wine's berry flavor dominates the gentle tannins, while the bright acidity adds lift. Drink this in the next two years.
Savory smoke and nut tones contrast richly with extracted black cherry and berry flavors in this full-bodied Spätburgunder. While fine-grained tannins and a shock of cranberry acidity lend balance and grace, shades of toast and spice are still quite prominent. It's a powerful wine that should benefit well from cellaring until at least 2020.
The warm 2003 vintage provided this Merlot-Tempranillo blend with additional ripeness and color. And while there's still the traditional tobacco, dried cherry and herb/spice aromas the region is known for, there's also good raspberry, red plum and vanilla flavors. A well-made wine that's ready to drink now.
From a small parcel of land that is not designated as classed growth (rare in Pauillac), this is a richly satisfying wine. It is full of complex tannins as well as juicy red-berry fruits. There is also structure to give it the chance to age. Drink this wine with its delicious potential from 2022.
In normal vintages it's velvety and rich, but Giscours seems to have gone over the top in 2003. The fruit is certainly there, generally fresh, but there is an underlying sense of over-ripeness,  which needs to be better integrated: Hopefully this will happen as time goes on. For the moment, it's a question mark. Imported by Diageo Chateau & Estates.
The small 11-acre estate is situated at the northern end of the Margaux appellation. This wine, with its high percentage (70%) of Merlot is richly fruity with generous tannins and brilliant, ripe blackberry flavors. It has just the right amount of structure to allow it to age. Drink from 2021.
Spice and cream combine in a rounded, soft, very ripe wine. It has intense flavors of lychee and white peach with a refreshing amount of acidity. The wine is dry, but rich from the ginger and with a peppery final bite.
Although it's very dry, with plenty of lush Zinny fruit flavor, the raisiny finish and hot mouthfeel are a little offputting, despite an official alcohol of only 14.5%. On the plus side there's a rich, velvety texture.
Well-made and fancy, this wine is elegant, rather than a blockbuster. They didn't go for enough extract to choke a horse, so the wine is light and airy on the palate, but by no means simple. There's plenty of currant and blackberry fruit and oak. It's a “feminine” wine; not the kind that wins blind tastings, but a food wine you drink with delight. Editors' Choice.
A historic name in Valpolicella, Montresor is known for producing balanced, elegant expressions of Amarone. This provides slightly darker, riper aromas of black fruit, prune, dried currant and exotic spice.
Rich with strawberry fruitiness, the wine also has a good fresh touch. It's a blend of Touriga Nacional and Syrah, giving a warm, ripe and fruity aftertaste.
Gold in color, this wine blossoms with aromas of petrol, lychee,  spice and vanilla, followed by flavors of the same. Sheldrake Point, on the west side of Cayuga Lake, has been making a name for itself in New York Riesling, showing with this mostly-dry wine how a couple of years can add complexity and a rich mouthfeel.
One of Chile's best wines is excellent in 2007. The bouquet is concentrated, jammy and powerful, with Graham cracker sweetness offset by earth notes and leather. Lush and deep across the palate, with classy cassis, blackberry and fudge flavors. Layered and silky on the finish. Drink now through 2014.
Dan Lee's annual stainless-steel release is quite dynamic on the nose, with lime blossom, red apple, soda and freshly cut kiwi notes. The flavors are light, bright and intriguing, trending toward the green-fruit side of the spectrum, with apple and pear cider, pomelo rind and a touch of quinine.
It's safe to assume that the Sangiovese in this wine was originally intended for Long Shadows super Tuscan Saggi red. Classy fruit is in the forefront, bright and high toned, with sweet cherry notes. A smooth midpalate extends into a pleasing finish that's balanced and silky, with medium length.
Grapeseed, cola, concentrated plum, graphite and a touch of tar funk show on the nose of this bottling. There is a tangy raspberry-plum fruit character on the palate, with shaved pencil elements and decently grippy tannins.
Old vines from the vineyard next to the winery produce a luscious full wine. With its pear, peach and ripe apple flavors, these 70-year-old vines show their richness and concentration. It is opulent, structured and packed with juicy acidity. Drink from 2017.
This is a vibrantly rich wine that is brimming with delicious red fruit notes and bright acidity. Full and concentrated, it has weight without being heavy. It is a finely made wine, with a crisp finish.
Very opulent, the wine has a velvet, honeyed texture. This richness translates into the flavors, which are of yellow fruits, hinting at mango with lychee spice. Its density lingers, with freshness coming through at the end.
A rusty cherry and earthy forest-floor quality marks the energetic nose of this bottling, along with graphite and touches of chocolate and coffee. The sip boasts great verve, showing flavors of tart raspberry and well-integrated thyme, rosemary and pine-needle herbaceousness.
A complete wine in every way, this limited (three barrel) reserve opens with solid bass notes of thick wood and dark fruit. That platform of black cherry and cassis is adorned with light touches of pepper, vanilla, mocha and the streak of iron that seems to characterize many McMinnville wines. Drink 2015 through 2030.
This wine has been variable, but the '03 shows lots of varietal distinction. It opens with a burst of white pepper-infused blackberry, chocolate, licorice and oak aromas, and turns rich and soft in the mouth, with similar flavors. The smooth tannins make this immediately drinkable.
Aromatic, with interesting putty and powdered-sugar notes on the nose. The flavors are of pear, white peach, and a  dash of fresh cilantro. Zips closed with a zesty, lime-and-rainwater freshness. Refreshing, flavorful and, best of all, a steal.
Dry berry, tobacco, herb and vanilla aromas create a classic Rioja nose. This is a direct, focused wine, with cherry and plum flavors backed by loam, vanilla and earthy notes. The finish is medium in intensity, with length and smooth tannins. Drink this easy-to-like wine now.
While this wine is labeled "dry," it's technically not. There's some sugar left in it, it just seems dry if you compare it to the winery's regular, semi-dry version. Aromas of spiced pears and musky, evening flowers blend with flavors of pears, peaches and dried spices.
Zweigelt can do easy-drinking styles but in the right hands, it can also turn into something more elegant. That's the case here: This exudes sophistication. Subtle use of oak supports the supple structure and gives the ripe red cherry fruit a more velvety spin. While this is ready now, it may well get even better with a year or two in bottle.
Aromas of roses, pepper and spices make this an enticing wine. On the palate, it is ripe, soft, full-bodied and rich, lacking acidity, but otherwise classic Gewürztraminer.
Tastes like fruit-based syrup, with cherry and spice flavors. Lacks vivacity.
This opens with a beautiful fragrance of rose, violet, perfumed berry, leather, baking spice and a balsamic note. The palate is still young, weaving together sour cherry, crushed raspberry, cinnamon, anise and mocha alongside assertive but finely grained tannins. Drink 2018–2024.
This is in the big red category without being overwhelming. Rich, firm and concentrated, it smells like blackberries and vanilla, tastes layered and textural, and has enough tannin and acidity for great balance despite a hint of sweetness.
Lots of stone fruit ripeness marks the nose of this wine, with aomas of nectarine and peach cut by the sharpness of apple skins. The palate is all green apples and lime juice.
Light in the mouth and silky, like a Pinot Noir, with cherry and raspberry fruit flavors. A little one-dimensional, but okay now with a nice cheeseburger.
A blend of Carignano (85%), Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot, Barrua is the so-called Sassicaia of Sardinia. (In fact, it represents a partnership between the island's most prestigious co-op, Cantina di Santadi and the makers of Tuscany's Sassicaia.) This beautiful vintage shows wild sage, black currant and loads of soft spice.
What a great value! This medium-bodied wine has spicy oak accents and mouth-filling fruit flavors. It's ripe and generous, with plump cherry and raspberry notes and a palate marked by mild tannins and soft texture.
Winemaker Ross Cobb, formerly with Williams Selyem and Flowers, did his best, but this Pinot tastes acidic and labored. It has lean flavors of strawberries and raspberries and new French oak. The wine isn't showing well now, seemingly a victim of the harsh vintage. Its future is problematic.
This barrel-fermented Verdejo is interesting, but it's also a bit low on acidity. It smells like pine and blowsy flowers. Creamy, soft and cuddly on the palate, this has flavors of baked apple, wood resin and banana. It finishes round and sweet. Drink now.
Three popular grape varieties, Sangiovese, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon, are blended to produce an easy, food-friendly wine with pretty berry tones and background renderings of exotic spice.
Rich, smoky cassis, raspberry and cherry flavors define this estate wine. It's lush, round, powerful and full-bodied, with moderate structure and oak, seasoned with cinnamon and chocolate notes.
A wild and woolly, feral wine that screams of underbrush-picked berries foraged under a hot sun. Some of them aren't entirely ripe, but the fun's in the sipping.
Sharp in acidity and rich in cherry, black raspberry and orange flavor, this Pinot has a Lifesaver candy quality, combining sweetness with tartness. It's dry and silky and clean, a good example of a fancy Santa Rita Pinot Noir for drinking now.
This is a wine that offers lots of class at a very good price. It's marked by flavors of streamlined citrus fruit, Asian pear, honey and a hint of buttered toast. It finishes thoroughly dry. With nearly 37,000 cases produced, this should be relatively easy to find.
This rich and rounded wine comes from the flat lands of Saint-Émilion, giving it a soft and gentle feel. Acidity and ripe black fruits dominate the light structure. It's a wine for medium-term aging, ripe and ready to drink from 2016.
Firm tannins and good acidity mark this 100% Cabernet, which, like all Hall wines, is high in alcohol yet balanced. It's deep and long in blackberry jam, mocha and new-oak flavors. This is appealing now for its sheer drinkability and deliciousness, but its inherent subtleties will become increasingly apparent with age. Drink now–2020.
A good, restaurant-style Chardonnay at a fair price for the quality. It's dry and crisp in acidity, with pleasant flavors of pineapple, kumquat, lime, vanilla and buttered toast.
This is identified as the smallest estate vineyard, here delivering a light and pretty wine, perfectly proportioned in a small frame. Strawberry and raspberry fruit shows clean, crisp acidity. There is room for further bottle development; at the moment the wine does a quick, gentle fade.
White floral and peach notes bound from the glass of this gorgeously feminine Riesling. It's intensely ripe, with peach and melon flavors, but dry and mineral laden on the palate. Finishes long, with a kiss of spring blossoms and a shock of lemon-lime acidity.
With its classic mineral edge, dusty tannins and firm, dry structure, the wine has a core that weighs well with the severe texture. As a contrast, the fruit underneath is ripe and juicy. A wine for several years' aging.
A bit unripe, with a slight vegetal intrusion into the blackberries and cherries. Teeter-totters just on the edge of ripeness, but falls short. Otherwise, the tannins are pretty, and the oak is deftly applied.
La Casita is all clone 114 and 50% whole-cluster fermented. In a year with many wines showing minimal ripeness, this breaks the mold. The forward strawberry fruit hints at sugary sweetness. Flavors are fresh and appealing, front-loaded and best for near-term consumption.
Fresh apple and white floral notes meld effortlessly into an elegant vanilla note on the nose and palate of this dry, full-bodied Chard. Nicely concentrated, yet brisk with acidity, it's an excellent food pairing companion.
While subtle on the nose with hints of chamomile and pressed apple aroma, this ripe, full-bodied Chardonnay is concentrated with apple and lemon flavors. It's round in mouthfeel but marked with bright acidity that lends steely precision to the finish.
This is a modern wine with a thick appearance and generous tones of chocolate fudge, roasted vanilla bean, cherry and Indian spice. There's also an element of tar, asphalt or resin at the back. It's a chewy and dense Ripasso with fruit accents that fuel a very long finish. —M.L.
This wine's bright, fruit-forward raspberry, herb, cocoa and barrel spice aromas are followed by exquisitely pure, elegant red plum flavors that coat the palate from end to end. A delicious rendition of this seldom seen variety.
Sharp in raisin skin bitterness, this dry, dull wine has overripe cherry flavors, and is quite tannic. Lacks opulence and interest.
With structure and some firm tannins, this wine is on the dry side. It has black fruits that will develop over time, and certainly show now with a juicy background. The acidity is refreshing even through the solid tannins. Drink from 2020.
Earthy with dusty loam and forest scents, this wine is intensely rich, with grippy, chewy tannins. Fine-grained oak notes support dark chocolate, clove and tobacco flavors, accented with fruit-forward elements that recall wild blueberry and blackberry. Structured to age, it will be best from 2023 through 2030.
Sun-kissed nectarine, tangerine and grapefruit flavors abound in this exceptionally light-footed Riesling. Off-dry in style, it's juicy and forward yet spine-tingling and racy. The finish is pristine, dry and intensely mineral.
From a region of New Zealand better known for its Bordeaux varieties and gaining a growing reputation for Syrah, this Pinot delivers smoky, charred scents, meaty, plum and black cherry flavors and a finish that's surprisingly firm given the softness of the mouthfeel. Imported by Davies & Co.
Named after a pioneer of wood-aged Sauvignon Blanc, this wine has toast as well as rounded fruit. The subtle wood focuses on enriching the fruit and bringing out its steel and citrus character. The wine can certainly age, drink until 2020.
This generous, almost opulent wine has both concentration and rounded fruits. It's open already, hinting at wood-aging while concentrating much more on the ripe fruits. Packed with fruit and tannins, it's densely textured. It will age, of course; don't start to drink before 2025.
Only recently identified, the Jampal is a rare and ancient local grape from the western Lisboa area, close to the ocean. It produces a crisp, tight and mineral-textured wine. This example is fresh, lively and bright with sliced apple and lime flavors and a fruity aftertaste. It is ready to drink.
A beautiful red wine for drinking now. It's dry and smooth, with that herbal edge you sometimes find in a Sonoma Cabernet. There's a polished, complex stream of dried red and black currants and cola, with a pleasant touch of smoky oak.
A fine Sauvignon Blanc that delivers plenty of bang for the buck. It's highlighted by brisk, clean acidity and ripe, delicious flavors of oranges, limes and papayas, with savory, palate-tingling spices. This should be relatively easy to find, with 50,000 cases produced.
Delightful Sauvignon Blanc, crisp, dry and spicy. The citrus, melon and fig flavors have a bite of tart gooseberry.
White spring flower, beeswax and orchard fruit aromas take center stage while the round, ripe palate evokes yellow apple, candied lemon drop and a hint of fennel seed. A saline-like mineral note energizes the finish.
This New World blend of Sauvignon Blanc, Sémillon, Chardonnay and Viognier is very fruity. It offers a blast of pineapples, honeysuckles, peaches and figs, with a coating of oaky, vanilla buttercream.
The nose has the rich fruity tones of apple and plum peel. The palate is wonderfully clean and fresh, with a slight phenolic frame which lends both structure and texture. There is slight pepper spice, too, and a whole host of red, ripe apples.
Bright and bold to the eye, this has generous, powerful berry aromas that come with a note of spice. It feels stacked and only slightly tangy, with black fruit and some of Syrah's more textbook flavors of leather and animal. It holds form on the finish.
This is a perfumed, strawberry-flavored wine, ripe with jammy fruits and gently cut with tannins and acidity. It is developing well, with juicy freshness at the end. Drink from late 2016. The Richard family's 37-acre vineyard—70% Merlot and 30% Cabernet Sauvignon—is certified organic.
Made by the same team as Château Pichon Longueville Comtesse de Lalande, this wine is ripe, full and satisfying. It has smooth red berry fruits that are sustained by subtle wood aging and given a final lift by the acidity. For medium-term aging, so drink from 2016.
Aromas of tire rubber and asphalt are low on fruit. This turns for the better on the palate, which feels creamy despite showing rubbery tannins. Peppery flavors of cherry, plum and raspberry become salty on a mostly smooth, solid finish.
Not as successful as other recent vintages, the 2003 offers hints of honey and peaches laid over a minerally foundation, then finishes on a spicy, peppery note. From old, mixed vines that include Neuburger, Weissburgunder, Welschriesling, Grüner Veltliner, and (in smaller amounts) Sylvaner, Rotgipfler, Zierfandler, Traminer and Riesling.
This flavorful blend of Müller-Thurgau, Muscat and Riesling is lightly fizzy, and off dry, with residual sugar listed at 22.5g/L. Citrus fruits are limned with ginger, and it is a thoroughly refreshing and low-alcohol delight.
A very nice Cabernet that pleases now for its rich array of blackberry, cherry and oak flavors. It's smooth and soft and a little sweet in the finish, like the aftertaste of a berry tart.
With a gold-meets-tan color, this is showing cidery aromas as well as toasty oak. The palate is good but chunky, while flavors of green fruits and light vegetal notes finish briny, with a pinch of sea salt.
Marc Beyer has succeeded well, with a crisp, mineral style of wine that can marry well with so many fish and seafood dishes.
Soft, but with an edge of dusty tannins, this wine has bright forward jammy red fruits that fill the mouth easily. It is open, fresh and, finally, almost sweet.
Principally Malbec, with 18% Tempranillo filling out the blend, this tangy and appealing wine wraps its red currant fruit in streaks of vanilla, tobacco and light herbs.
Aromas like green apples and lemons, and herbal flavors make this wine refreshing and balanced toward the lean side. It's rather light bodied and crisp in texture.
Cabernet Sauvignon makes up a little over three-quarters of this blend, with Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Malbec and Petit Verdot rounding it out. The aromas start out brooding, with notes of pencil lead, black currant, flowers and green herb. The palate is focused, dense and textured, bringing an exquisite sense of balance along with a lengthy finish. Best after 2020.
This offers smoky, toasted oak and herb aromas, full candied cherry and plum flavors, low acidity and fairly firm tannins.
Clove, leather and pepper aromas and flavors give this Cabernet a masculine edge. Rich and complex, it also offers softer tannins and an integrated character that will allow for more delicate meat dish pairings. A lingering finish tops it off.
The edgy, tannic thrust of Xinomavro can prove too spiky for some, but this wine has it handled. Aromas of olives and allspice lead into mild but spicy herbal and tannic notes on the palate. The earthy, slightly tart character gives the wine an indigenous, intriguing feel. Let it age or pair it with equally robust meat dishes. Imported by Amerikus Importers Corp.
This rich, wood-aged wine fully expresses the ripe fruit that comes from the Alentejo plains. It is dense with concentrated tannins and powerful black fruits. With its licorice, toast and powerful fruitiness, it needs some more aging. Drink from 2017.
Roero Rabino is accented by sweet touches of cinnamon and nutmeg that are offset by cassis, dried blueberry, leather and tobacco. This sturdy red wine presents a very nice ensemble that is capped by a tight, astringent close.
Sketchy right away, with salinic, pool water aromas. Awkward and buttery in the mouth, with corn and baked apple flavors. Finishes salty and nutty.
This is the epitome of a composed, approachable Rioja reserva; it's earthy and dry up front, with aromas of fine herbs, brandied cherry and plum. A solid palate houses oaky flavors of vanilla and butter in addition to plum and currant, while the finish is dry, elegant and oaky enough to give off a popcorn-like character. Drink through 2022.
This is a steely wine wrapped with white and green fruit flavors. It is clean, bright and full of pear and crisp apple notes. The tangy after taste is floral. Ready to drink in six months.
A pretty Pinot, polished and silky and dry, with complicated flavors of sour cherry candy, raspberry tart, orange zest, pepper and smoky cedar. Drink now through 2012.
This Sicilian Inzolia releases fresh aromas of citrus, sage, passion fruit, pear and apple. The wine feels fresh, zippy and clean overall.
This blend of Inzolia and Chardonnay has subdued aromas of orchard fruit and nut. The extremely simple palate offers suggestions of lime and citrus zest alongside brisk acidity.
This is a beautiful wine with elegant fruits that reflect a strong sense of minerality. It is crisp, although that is just a surface quality to a wine that has such depth. Toast flavors round out the intense fruits, giving a light spice and butter to this powerful wine. Drink from 2020.
This offers aromas of tilled soil, black-skinned berry and a whiff of baking spice. The round palate presents vanilla, clove and blackberry jam alongside smooth tannins. Drink through 2019.
Here's a minerally, acidic, very dry Chard with a firm structure. Slightly earthy, it has citrus fruit, smoky oak and spice flavors, with a wet stone, metallic tang in the finish.
Very ripe, almost pruney fruit flavors plus full body and a broad, rich texture give this wine amplitude. Made from mostly Mourvèdre, plus Syrah, Grenache and Counoise, it has chocolate, black pepper and jam flavors that fill the mouth and linger on the finish.
Made with a classic Champagne blend of Pinot Noir and Chardonnay, this is the simplest of Iron Horse's bubblies. It's elegant, and should be consumed in its youth.
Here's an interesting, single-vineyard, Dundee Hills wine at a price usually reserved for blended Willamette Valley cuvées. Slightly murky and funky, it's the sort of wine you might stumble upon in some cob-webbed, Old World cellar. The primary raspberry and rhubarb tones have a peppery, lightly bitter quality about them.
A lovely streak of lemon pervades both flavor and taste of this slender, fresh and easy-drinking white. Drink soon while aromas are still fresh.
Leather, cheese, licorice, herb and tomato notes define the nose on this snappy, crisp Cabernet that's more racy and zesty than rich and deep. The finish is wiry, but overall the wine is short on richness.
This expressive Amarone is characterized by a distinct mineral tone of slate roof or lead pencil that really sets it apart. Beyond those drying graphite tones are layers of berry fruit, mesquite, cherry cola, spice and even a milky feel. It's a smooth, soft and velvety wine that would pair with stewed lamb or beef.
This is a bold, showy wine with assertive oaky, smoky, spicy aromas, a very firm texture and equally oak-driven flavors. Plenty of tannin gives a grippy mouthfeel and full body, so it should pair well with meat and cheese.
This is a notable wine for its smooth, supple tannins and its intense flavors of black cherry jam, mocha, bacon, black pepper and sandalwood. It's a full-bodied selection for drinking soon, and be sure to pair it with almost anything involving cured meat.
This flashy Cabernet is one of Coppola's best Sonoma County Cabernets ever, a fine followup to the great 2007. It immediately impresses with richness, smoothness of texture and complexity, offering waves of ripe summer blackberry, blueberry and smoke. The tannins are firm, dusty and soft, making the wine drinkable now and over the next six years with steak.
Rough and rugged is the best way to describe this Malbec. Earthy, woody, rubbery berry aromas lead to a sharp, high-acid palate. Wiry, fiery plum-like flavors stay fierce and pick up heat on the finish.
Intense aromas of smoke, nuts and dried hay lend a savory note to this, woody Chardonnay. Fresh apple and lemon flavors are bright and brisk on the palate, but compete for spotlight amidst unyielding tones of American oak.
Gentle wood aging has given this single-vineyard wine its smooth texture. At three-years-old, it is ripe, balanced and rounded. The juicy red fruits are already delicious, juicy and full of bright flavors. It is ready to drink.
Dark in color and slightly bashful at first, this blend of Syrah, Sangiovese and Merlot shows strength in its solid structure, with bright aromas of red cherry, blackberry, leather and cured meat. It would pair perfectly with stewed game meat, like wild boar.
Pretty good red wine here, nice and juicy, with well-etched flavors of blackberries and tobacco. The texture is especially pleasing and limpid. Needs an extra edge of depth and complexity to hit the big time, but it sure is delicious.
Fruity aromas set the scene for an appealing, balanced wine with wild strawberry flavors and light, bright acidity. This addition to the pink Port category is sweet while fresh and well balanced. Real Companhia Velho has the oldest wine cellars in the Port trade. Drink young, chilled or in cocktails.
Drawn from the cooler Awatere Valley subregion, this is pungent and green. Leafy notes and hints of green tomato accent passion fruit flavors in this medium-bodied wine that finishes crisp and refreshing.
Only released in top vintages, this is Jim Barry's luxury cuvée of Cabenet Sauvignon. It does see plenty of oak, so it shows impressive notes of baking spices, vanilla and brown sugar, but it backs those with ample dark fruit. It's elegant despite its size, with a fine-grained tannins lingering on the finish. Drink now–2025, and possibly beyond.
After an initial blast of earth and lettuce, this Cabernet finds some of its fruity essence. But still, it has persistent green notes that interfere with the wine's candied black fruit component. Finishes tannic and slightly clampy, with decent length and a mix of cassis, cherry and herbs. Classic Old World Cabernet from the Penedès.
This is a pleasant, fruity, rather light wine, easily approachable already. The mild raspberry fruit flavors are set against streaks of herb and finished with green tea tannins.
Toast and butterscotch flavors lead the way in this relatively full-bodied wine, featuring a fine array of crisp apple, peach, pear, melon and citrus notes. Long and full on the finish. Best Buy.
On the nose, this is waxy, with notes of stone fruits and minerals. A metallic, citrusy palate is light on substance and flavors, which include citrus and papaya. Overall this is a zesty yet unusual quaffer.
Underbrush, raisin, charred earth, mocha and toast aromas lead the nose. The palate offers dried black cherry, prune, chocolate, toasted oak, vanilla and a green note of dried sage alongside astringent tannins. It lacks fruit richness to stand up to the oak.
This wine is very rich and full. It is bone dry, full of red fruits as well as a lightly bitter edge that needs to soften. On the other hand, the crisp acidity and light spice are both delicious, promising a generous, full-bodied wine in a few months. Drink from mid-2016.
This is a smoky, dusty 100% varietal wine from a tremendous vineyard site in the wilds of Howell Mountain. Sage and forest floor combine around a wall of structured, polished tannin. Dried herbs, leather and black currant accent the full body and wealth of concentration. Cellar through 2023.
Cigar box, green olive, herbal notes and field scents define the bouquet on this single-vineyard Cabernet. With bright acidity, the palate displays raciness along with oak-driven flavors of chocolate, mint, vanilla and herbal berry fruits. A lasting finish is spicy, herbal and mildly green in flavor.
Lusirà (which means “the Syrah” in Sicilian) is an opulent and rich wine with deep layers of spice, tobacco and red fruit to warm over the palate. This wine would pair with hearty meat dishes or stew and offers a round, soft texture on the close.
This is light and floral both with its aromas and its palate. In the heart of the wine is a firm, crisp mineral layer, which blends into the apple skin and caramel, vanilla flavors. Drink 2009.
Pale straw in color with a fine bead. As always, this is an elegant, distinctive and impeccably crisp Champagne. It is the epitome of stylish; tightly focused, it gently unwraps itself into a graceful, immaculately clean finish that's lightly toasty and hints at coconut and vanilla wafer.
There's a firmly elegant and traditional aspect to this ruby-hued Barolo that suggests a pairing with something like bacon-wrapped scallops: in other words, a dish that is textured, delicate and aromatically intense at the same time. The bouquet here is redolent of violets, white cherry, spice and powdered licorice.
There are brambly, wild cherry aromas and flavors in this wine, as well as a little cocoa, but this Sierra Foothills Zin is still fairly tight and hard to tell which direction it will go from here. A majority (80%) Zin, there's also 20% Syrah that was cofermented with Viognier in the blend.
This wine emphasizes the fruit of Touriga Nacional rather than its structure. Ripe red-plum fruits dominate, cushioning acidity and tannins with fruity richness. It's for drinking now or aging until 2015.
A rich wine from a fine Sauternes year. It has honey, sweet orange marmalade and just enough freshness. At the same time, there is enough botrytis to give a good dry edge. With its weight and bit of spice, it could age.
Full bodied, quite flavorful and generous in texture, this wine will be a crowd pleaser. It smells like toast, vanilla and maple, tastes juicy and plummy, and has a lingering, almost sweet finish.
Tastes and feels like all the parts are very good. The tannins are polished, the fruit is ripe and complex, the oak is elaborate, and there's a nice bite of acidity in the background. The blackberry, black currant, carob and cedar flavors are enticing and dry. But this wine is too young. It has a youthful rudeness that demands 5–7 years in the cellar. The score reflects potential.
This delightful wine shows the charming side of Nebbiolo. It has a floral and fruity fragrance of rose and raspberry accompanied by bright cherry and white pepper flavors. It's vibrant and fresh with silky tannins.
First recorded in 1375, this vineyard produces powerful, concentrated wines. This fine example is dense, weighty and firm. The acidity is there, buried in the firm tannins. It is a wine with an enormous potential, dark and full of plum skin and berries. Drink from 2022.
Sourced for many years from the Nichelini family from a vineyard 600 to 800 higher than the valley floor, this Zin is blended with 15% Petite Sirah, the whole more than a sum of its parts in thick, soft layers of fig and blackberry. Nutmeg and black pepper dance on the finish, shadowed by traces of leather.
Polkura's first value-priced Syrah opens with earthy black-fruit aromas that are thick yet not precise in character. The palate feels wide, chunky and not particularly elegant. Flavors of baking spice and herbal blackberry finish peppery and chunky, with a touch of resiny oak.
This juicy, savory Rosso opens with a pretty fragrance of crushed violets, perfumed berries and sweet cake spices. The ripe, delicious palate doles out concentrated wild cherry, black raspberry and cinnamon-spice alongside supple tannins and fresh acidity. Bright orange fruit sensations signal the close.
This tastes quite dry, though the residual sugar comes in at 12 g/L, enough to tilt some Rieslings toward off dry. The fruit is a bit thin, with flavors of celery and white peach. The mouthfeel is refreshing, with wet stone minerality and plenty of tart acids.
Delicate, enticing floral and citrus scents and flavors mingle gracefully. It gains a little flesh in the mouth, but remains light and just a little green through the finish.
This dense wine is now beginning to mature. It has the bold black fruit of the vintage, which is overlaid by dark chocolate notes and some bitterness. Still firm, it will probably need to age. Drink from 2019.
This is one of the classics among Provence rosés. Produced from organically grown grapes and coming from an impressive red-wine producing estate east of Aix-en-Provence, the wine is structured and ageworthy with its blend that includes Cabernet Sauvignon. Rich and full of red fruits, the wine should be drunk from late 2017.
Old-gold in color, and thick and syrupy. The aromas run to caramel, apricots, toffee, butterscotch, vanilla, pecan pie and crème brûlée. Tastes as voluptuous as it smells. Fantastic concentration and depth; a nectar bursting with sweet, gorgeous fruit. The acidity is high, but it feels soft and creamy. Residual sugar of 28% makes it tooth-achingly sweet. Only 554 cases produced, but worth the search.
Alone among a lineup of pure single-varietal reds, this reserve-level Meritage blend shows ample fruit, with juicy citrus and sour-cherry flavors. The blend is 75% Cabernet Sauvignon, filled out with Cab Franc, Merlot and Malbec. Chalky acids dominate a short finish.
Cabernet specialist Venge tinkers with white blends under the Spettro designation, with inconsistent results. This 2010 is mainly Sauvignon Blanc and Chardonnay, with a splash of Chenin Blanc. It's a good, sound white wine, dry and crisp in acidity, with mineral-infused pear, citrus fruit and apricot flavors. No oak is evident.
Continuing the well-delineated style of his father, second generation winemaker Jason Lett has crafted a classic Eyrie Pinot Noir. What is notable in this excellent vintage is that there is just a little more flesh and full-on black cherry flavor to the fruit, along with the typical herbal and spice highlights. Balanced and ageworthy, though drinking quite nicely right now.
This complex, spicy-herbal wine is also well-fruited, with a core of ripe black cherries. Anise and thyme notes mingle easily on the nose, while the medium-bodied palate eases into a long, supple finish. Drink now and over the next few years.
From a vineyard site farmed by the Duttons called Matthew's Station, this is a gentle wine, medium in weight, with nuances of green apple and fresh-squeezed lemon. Balanced, it offers a twist of toffee and oak beneath its crisper notes, finishing warm in nutmeg and ginger spice.
Honest and clean, with white flower charm and a mouthwatering palate that shows nice honeysuckle and lily character. Quince and beeswax come through on the crisp but slightly sweet finish. Drink now or in 2011.
Exhaling honey-vanilla in the glass, it gives off a hint of sweetness on the quick finish. Midpalate, expect fleshy apricot and white peach flavors. Enjoy on a summer's day with spicy peanuts.
Aromas of Sherry and barrel resin are all you get from this wood-fermented, oxidized number. While neither foul nor severe, the all-wood nature of this is overly dominant and not pleasant enough to stand on its own.
This has a smooth structure and yellow fruit aromas. This wine also adds a grassy twist of dried herb or rosemary on the finish.
Always one of the best Muscats in California, Eberle's '09 continues the tradition. It offers tangerine, pineapple, vanilla cream and honeysuckle flavors in a frankly sweet wine finished with brisk, cleansing acidity.
Soupy, horsey citrus and red-berry aromas precede a flabby palate with herbal red-berry flavors that upon inspection taste both sugary and green.
The great flavor intensity comes from the sunny side of Vaudésir. The wine is rich, yet crisp and packed with lemon and apple fruits, a touch of spice and a steely, young aftertaste. It needs to age, so drink this from 2018.
Very dry, fairly tannic and acidic, with a tart bite that makes the flavors even more austere than they are. But it's a complicated, interesting wine, obviously pedigreed. Shows discrete, elusive black cherry, crushed pepper, mineral and sandalwood flavors that linger. Should develop over the next 3–4 years.
A well-made, satisfying Chardonnay at a bargain price, this features adequate complexity and mouthfilling flavors of pear, melon and cinnamon. Clean and crisp on the finish. Drink now.
Touches of cinnamon, turned earth, iron, dark cranberry and fresh raspberry hit the nose on this bottling from a celebrated vineyard. The palate shows lots of potential with more bottle age, offering notes of graphite, underripe berries, black pepper and bay leaf.
Oregon Petite Sirah is certainly an outrider, but this is a commendable effort. It captures the dense blackberry fruit of the grape, wrangles the thick tannins into some sort of rough balance, and adds a lick of espresso to the finish. Blocky, tasty and proportionate.
Round and soft, very much in the style of warm-hearted Brouilly. The wine has a layer of tannins, while it's the delicious red berry fruits that dominate. Ripe, full and ready to drink.
This Zinfandel from a warm area that hugs the Arroyo Seco appellation boundary (and will likely one day be part of it) shows baked blueberry, nutmeg, clove, licorice and turned loam aromas. Its dark plum and boysenberry flavors are strong, yet rocky mineral notes, cocoa spice and upright tannins kick it up to the next level.
The Del Rio vineyard, in southern Oregon's Rogue Valley AVA, has pioneered the cultivation of Syrah in that part of the Northwest. As the vines acquire some age, they are coming into focus, and the rough tannins seem to be more in balance with the fruit. These wines are somewhat similar in style to the Syrahs from the Okanagan valley of Canada, and they offer an earthy mix of flavor that puts the fruit under earth, soy, coffee and smoke. Tannins in this Tyrus Evan are beautifully managed, with the edges sanded down, and the wine has a lovely, lingering presence on the palate.
High-altitude vineyards give plenty of freshness to this bright and textured wine. Apple skin flavors work with citrus and great acidity. To drink now for a fine apéritif or with shellfish.
Black and thick, this Petite Sirah delivers on all the variety's attributes in warm-climate California. It's blisteringly gregarious yet rounded, with smoky dark-fruit flavors that are initially hard to capture and tannins that verge on puckering. But time rewards—this wine hits its stride after being allowed to open and swirled around a few times. Enjoy it with a rich risotto or rack of ribs.
Here's a delicately structured, elegant Pinot that modulates the fruit and ups the acidity. It shows polished cherry, cola and toast flavors, with a mushroomy, herbal earthiness and a light, silky texture. Finishes dry and spicy.
Perfectly good for the price, with a dark, smoky outlook and masculine aromas of mocha, roasted berry and violet. Like you'd expect for New World Syrah, it's intense but not aggressive, and the mix of plum, berry, cocoa and toast flavors give it amplitude and attitude. Well-made for a large-production wine (140,000 cases).
Produced from a small acre of land in Margaux, this is made in the same extravagant style as the cult wines of Saint-Emilion. With 100% new wood, it is definitely modern in style, but there is sufficient concentration in the fruit to balance all that vanilla. It misses the 2006 freshness,but everything else is there.
This rich selection has a touch of bottle age that creates a toasty character. It features ripe apricot and peach notes, with warm and taut acidity. Ready to drink.
The acidity is still here in this now-mature wine, keeping it lively while all the flavors swirl around. Pepper and richness combine, while the sweetness has given way to intense power and concentration. Flavors of toast and dark toffee leave a rich, almost dry aftertaste.
Appealing aromas of grass, herbs and tropical fruit lead to tart, sleekly styled fruit flavors that show a touch of bitterness on the finish.
The blend is 77% Cab, 12% Merlot, 11% Cab Franc and the alcohol, rather surprisingly, hits 15+%. This is a wonderful claret, with mixed red and blue fruits and berries, plenty of natural acid and no obvious oak. There is a flash of caramel and mocha at the end, but the flavors unwrap luxuriously in a series of gradient layers. Delivers a lot of quality for the dollars. 1,100 cases made.
87-89 Barrel sample. There are very ripe fruit aromas in this wine, with big, soft jelly-like fruit flavors and soft, sweet tannins. This doesn't seem to have the structure to age well, but will be perfectly enjoyable in the short run.
Fiery cherry/berry aromas mix with leather, herbal scents and mocha. The palate is angular and mildly sharp, with zesty red fruit, pepper and herbal flavors. A driving, acid-propelled blend of Cabernet Sauvignon along with Carmenère and Petit Verdot.
Closed on the nose at first, this wine reventualy reveals black currant and cassis around wrapped tobacco leaf, the midpalate somewhat dry and puckering in tannin. Concentrated and dense, it finishes in dusty mocha.
Nice aromas of floral berry, creamy vanilla and smoky spice work well. The palate is zesty, tight and forward, with saucy red berry flavors and olive. Long, zingy, zesty and saucy on the finish, with herbs, spice and chocolaty flavors. A nice and eager blend of 60% CS and 40% Syrah.
Full bodied and robust, this wine is abundant in earthy mint, strawberry and rhubarb,. It is also fully infatuated with its cool-climate aromatics of sea breeze and morning fog. Cherry rules the day on the palate, taking on a richness across the voluptuous finish.
This is a crisp and herbal wine that is both fruity and finely textured. With layers of acidity and green fruit flavors, it is bright, fresh and ready to drink.
Soft, attractively fresh, but simple, this shows lively apple and cream flavors, rounded by light tannins. It's pleasant, but it does need to fill out.
This boasts a brilliant, linear progression from pepper to lush cherry and berry fruit. It's spicy and floral in nuanced, beautiful ways, with perfectly balanced acidity. Creamy and silky, this wine lingers, building complexity as it coats the palate.
Refermented in the bottle, this slightly cloudy sparkler is delicately scented and loaded with finesse. It offers aromas of chamomile, orchard fruit and citrus while the vibrant palate doles out pear, apple and an energizing mineral vein. A soft mousse adds elegance while racy acidity gives it a crisp quality.
Raspingly dry and fierce in tannins, this Merlot is quite different from other Bordeaux-style red wines from Oakville that are ripe and lush. Doesn't offer much reward now due to the astringency, but has a solid core of blackberries. Hard to know if the fruit will outlast the tannins.
Aromas of pineapple, ripe melon and lemon create a balanced bouquet, while the citrus and banana on the palate make for a ripe and ready offering. The finish is long, clean and fresh, and the mouthfeel is good and lean, and overall quite crisp. Standard fare, but a good example of Chardonnay.
Richly scented with Asian spice, mocha, pepper and smoke. For those who have been tasting Red Willow reds for decades, it's an adjustment. Left intact are the complex herbs and the lighter berry fruit flavors, although the ripeness has also risen a bit, and the 14.1% alcohol feels even warmer.
The wine has a tannic edge that suggests it is still young. Underneath there is some attractive red-berry fruit and acidity. It just needs a few more months to fill out, so drink from 2017.
From one of the most simpatico producers in Piedmont, Marchesi di Gresy's bright Berbera d'Asti opens with a dark, browning color and inky aromas of mineral and black fruit. The finish is surprising bright and lively.
A gorgeous blend of Cabernet and Negroamaro, this is one of Puglia's best red wines. The Cabernet element adds accents of spice and blackberry and the Negroamaro grounds the robust wine to its territory. The tannins are tight and firm and suggest that Nero could do with a few years of bottle aging.
Merlot, Cabernet, Cab Franc, Sangiovese and Syrah all pour into this graceful and accommodating blend, particularly ripe and fruity in the excellent 2005 vintage. It puts the mixed red fruits up front, lays back on the oak, and makes itself flexible enough for anything from a picnic to a poulet.
From Don Sebastiani and Sons, known for inexpensive value wines, comes this first release. Don't let the weird name fool you, this is a serious Napa Bordeaux, mostly Merlot but with the other four varieties. There's a smoked leather scent hovering over the blackberry, mocha, root beer and oak, and once in the mouth, the wine is exceptionally smooth. Drink now through 2010.
The vintage wines from Clicquot are consistently richer and fuller than either the nonvintage or La Grande Dame. Toast and custard scents, followed by youthful notes of apple and citrus. Long, even a bit tannic-feeling, on the finish. Arrives this December, but the price was not available at press time.
Black cherry juice, slate and sandalwood consume the nose with rich and ripe aromas on this powerful bottling from a vineyard south of Santa Maria. This shows lots of elegance and complexity on the palate, with turned earth, wild berries and an intriguing sense of pine needles and juniper. Expect great things from this relatively new producer.
The best of the new releases from Michael Florentino, which has changed hands since this vintage was harvested. Autumnal flavors marry vivid, distinctive fruit to hints of leaf and citrus, elegant and complex.
Very rich aromatically in golden Santa Rosa plum, raisins and lemon chiffon, this new producer's Chardonnay has a touch of caramel popcorn and is delicately dense with a nice lift on the finish.
This is an impressive blend of 45% Merlot with 25% estate-grown Cabernet Sauvignon, 20% Syrah from Stagecoach Vineyard and 10% Biale Zinfandel. It comes together seamlessly in a twist of structured blackberry, leathery tannin and tomato leaf, priced to be enjoyed by many.
Tight and tart, this wine shows aromas of delicate roses and raspberries that follow through on the palate. Flavors are pure and true, somewhat simple, with a fruit-forward aspect that suggests young vines.
No winery has associated itself more with Petite Sirah than Foppiano. That understanding shows in this wine, which wrestles the variety's rustically wild nature into something resembling submission. Still, it retains its dry, tannic edge, with all sorts of forest berry and herb flavors. Will live for many years, gradually softening.
The wine is dry, and firm with tannins still masking the fruit. With its dark coffee flavor it has been heavily extracted and this needs to soften before the wine will be ready. Look for the berry fruits and acidity as the wine ages. Drink from 2017.
Raisiny, inky aromas are ripe but not overly sophisticated. On the palate, grabby tannins are drawing and heavy. Flavors of raisin and prune carry over from the nose, while the finish is chewy, jammy, raisiny and offers a licorice/anise note.
A 50-50 Mevushal red that's simple and easy to drink. Black fruit and raspberry accented by a sprinkle of peppery spice characterize this delicately structured, medium-weight wine.
This Bordeaux-style blend includes Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Malbec. Unusual scents of berry and egg lead to a palate whose flavors have not yet come together. The fruit is there, but the tannins hit a wall and seem to stop any further development. Further bottle age may help it open.
An exquisite wine that combines delicacy and harmony with enormously fruity-spicy flavors that fill the mouth. The aromas suggest candied ginger, tropical fruits, vanilla and wildflowers. The flavors are effusively fruity and on the dry side, with refreshingly crisp acidity. Try it with Asian-Pacific fusion foods.
This Bordeaux blend has some sharp edges. It's slightly unripe, with green wintergreen notes that lend a tartness to the blackberry and smoky oak flavors. Doesn't seem likely to improve in the bottle.
Lithe and dainty in profile, this late-harvest Riesling seems to dance on the nose and palate, with sweet notes of fresh apple, grapefruit and blossoms. It's intensely mineral, with a streak of lemony acidity, but concentrated with a long, honey-tinged finish.
The wine, with a classic Cab profile, is young and needs time to pull it all together. Shows beautifully ripe blue and blackberries and stone fruits, wrapped in dusty tannins and lots of new oak. Really fine, polished and high-end. Should begin to harmonize by 2008, and hold through 2020.
From two vineyards on the eastern side of the valley, including one on Howell Mountain, this small-production wine offers whiffs of leather saddle and black currant around softened tannins and crème-de-cassis-like sweetness, especially on the nose.
From a well-regarded vineyard that's source to several Pinots comes this fine '06. It's silky and dry and crisp and young, with raspberry and cherry jam flavors complexed with smoky oak, green tea and peppery spice. Should age well for the next six years.
Soft, easy drinking. This red has berry fruits, just the right amount of dusty and juicy flavors. Screwcap.
A blend of Sauvignon Blanc, Sauvignon Gris and Sauvignon Musqué, this wine delights for its supple apricot and nectarine flavors. It's floral on the nose, with grapefruit and fennel scents, unfolding slowly to reveal a rich texture and fresh acidity.
Like all Terranoble reds, this begins with charred, lemony aromas of burnt toast, black coffee and smoke. As the oak blows off, it reveals an underbelly of black fruit, floral notes and exotic spices. It's deep and meaty, with blackberry and black cherry flavors. Finishes earthy and herbal, with black olive and chocolate flavors.
Ripe, smooth and pure, with aromas of asphalt, tobacco and cedar-lined cigar box along with dry, elevated fruit. The palate is balanced to a tee, with floral, fresh flavors of berry, cola, herbs and tobacco. Seña has been on a roll lately, and this vintage is entirely inviting, balanced and savory. Drinkable now, but best from 2010 to 2013.
Peppery plum and raspberry aromas lead to a crisp, snappy, juicy palate with apple skin and raspberry flavors enhanced by a splash of minty oak. With modest length and power through to the finish, this is a good and approachable everyday wine.
Peppery, slightly medicinal aromas fold in raspberry and floral scents. The palate is tight and crisp, with juicy acidity framing herbal plum and raspberry flavors. Turns toasty and then hollow on what amounts to a short finish.
The underlying wine in Beringer's '05 Reserve is a rich blend of tropical fruit, peach, pear and apple flavors. But the wine is overoaked, with 75% new wood in the barrel fermentation. Anyone sensitive to the taste of new oak will instantly recognize the immense cosmetic of smoky char, sweet vanilla, buttered toast and spicy, sappy wood essence, which seems excessive and not really needed.
Another Fenestra-Silvaspoons collaboration, Tourvanillo is a proprietary blend of Iberian grapes, predominantly Touriga, and is marked mostly by its aromatic highlights of spicy cinnamon and vibrant currant. Dense, it is interesting and intense with rounded edges and a leathery, long finish.
Aged one year in small French barrel, Ripasso Corte Majoli is padded with extra oak tones of spice, toasted nut and tobacco that surround a fresh core of cherry fruit. In contrast to the bouquet, the wine feels sharp and crisp on the close.
Good and rich, but tastes too oaky, with the pineapple, nectarine and peach flavors swamped by vanilla, caramel and butterscotch. Other than that, there's a fine, crisp minerality to the finish.
Seems to be built for aging, with its incipient petrol character waiting to emerge even more in time, and a sharp, citrusy tang to its flavors. Long and tart; try after 2010.
Grass and gooseberry are prominent on the nose and palate in this crisp SB, bright in dialed-high acidity. That sense of vibrant freshness mellows somewhat midway through the wine, allowing it to finish with a lushness on the tongue.
Another gloriously ripe, delicious Pinot Noir from this celebrated vineyard. The wine is extraordinarily rich in raspberry and cherry pie, crême brûleé and cinnamon spice flavors, wrapped into silky tannins and brightened with zesty acidity. Best over the next three years for freshness.
Produced from Grand Cru vineyards on the Montagne de Reims, this dry wine has been given some bottle age to soften the intense acidity. That makes for an attractive, balanced wine, the apple flavors working alongside almonds and yeastiness. The aftertaste is fresh and full of citrus flavors.
This fabulous vintage offered all sorts of possibilities. The winery chose an austere route. Tightly controlled blackberry and cassis notes are wrapped in oak, and the wine is very dry. It may age. If you drink it now, do so with the richest beef or lamb you can find. —S.H.
The wine has barnyard aromas that need to blow off. It has firm dry tannins and dense red fruits that, again, need to integrate. It has a good future, though, as a wine that will be solid, rich and dense. Drink from 2024.
A smoothly ripe wine, with swathes of cherry and black currant fruits balanced by lively acidity. The wine, with its richness and the tannic structure, could well age for 3-4 years, although its fruitiness makes it delicious now.
This has a fresh, tonic disposition and fragrant aromas of green apple, kiwi and white flowers. It's creamy and full in texture with good, fresh persistence on the finale.
Alcohol: 13.5%. Fairly pale. Smells young, fresh, clean, piquant in Pinot aroma. Cherries, sweet beet, toast, sweet oriental spice, gingerbread. Acids, tannins and oak upfront now, or is the fruit thin? Delicately structured, silky.
Aromas of saline, oily white fruits and swimming pool unfold on the nose. This feels oily and tastes pickled, with bitter notes, green herbs and mild stone-fruit flavors. The gripping finish tastes pithy.
The oak—50% new French and American—gets far out front with its notes of coffee, toffee and vanilla. But there's still much to enjoy, with abundant red fruit and a soft, sultry feel.
Very dense in the mouth and full-bodied, with a dry, soft feeling. Lots of toasty oak, too. Feels somewhat inert, but the delicious cherries, toast and spices make it a pleasant sipper.
This wine is perfumed and fruity while also having a rustic edge. Tannins and acidity cut through the red plum and berry fruits. It does need to age, so drink from 2017.
Tastes like there's too much oak on this Chard. Although the new wood is only 20%, the wine oozes sweet, caramelized vanilla, with only modest expressions of fruit. The underlying wine just isn't powerful enough to support that powerhouse overlay.
The extremely pale copper color is reminiscent of a blanc de noirs. Aromas and flavors are yeasty and full of baking spices like clove and cinnamon, along with red apples. The only quibble is that it seems a bit sweeter and heavier than the best rosés.
The first impression was of plastic, Band-Aid, a bit off-putting. A second bottle showed better, though distinctly minty. The flavors suggest grapes that barely got ripe.
This tastes like buttered toast, topped with orange marmalade and vanilla. The crisp acidity makes it feel bright and clean.
This semisweet Muscat is gold in color and has aromas of caramelized peaches and honeysuckle. Flavors suggest dried apricots and canned peaches.
This Cabernet's penetrating green notes are very much in character with the variety: tomato leaf, leafy greens, medicinal notes, exotic spice and cherry cola. Its meaty consistency is topped by a blast of sour cherry.
A sweet style of white Port, this is deliciously full of sultana, ripe date and a tang of orange. It's young and fruity, delicious by itself or in a cocktail.
This is one tight young Pinot Noir. You take the first sip, and the acidity hits you, then the tannins, and finally the fruit, which is ripe and vast in raspberries and strawberries. Oak adds smoky caramel to this parfait. Give it until 2018 or 2019, when it should hit its peak.
At nearly five years of age, this wine tastes like it was just bottled. It's still juicy and fresh in raspberries, cherries and spices, with a sweet, clean finish. A pretty, polished and complex wine to drink now and over the next 6–8 years.
Dark-skinned berry, menthol toast and tilled soil aromas come together in the glass. Full-bodied, ripe, velvety tannins underscore flavors of mature black cherry, licorice, tobacco and clove. Drink 2018–2028.
Black-cherry, plum and a mild creamy note characterize the nose. The palate is a nice combination of huckleberries and black cherries, all doused in chalk, white pepper and tree bark. Dry, woody tannins. Best Buy.
Lots of toasty oak on this very dry wine, and a big burst of citrusy acids. In fact the fruit veers toward lemons, limes and grapefruits, just nudging into riper green apples and peaches.
Corinne Guisez scored a great success with her 2000. The wine is finely polished, shining, with its generous, deeply concentrated fruits and fine perfumes. The tannins show through the fruit, while the wood flavors hide much more discreetly in the background.
Fairly deep berry aromas register as dark and ripe. Following the nose, this feels chunky and round, while toasty blackberry flavors remain heavy and dark on a full generous finish. Drink through 2018.
Made with 100% late-harvested Syrah, this opens with subdued aromas of blackberry jam, cedar, ground pepper and a smoky note. On the moderately sweet palate, nutmeg accentuates both dried prune and fig.
There's subdued elegance to this dry, lushly textured Riesling. The nose is delicately aromatic with whiffs of stonefruit and smoke that build on the palate. Intensely minerally and bright with lime acidity, it finishes long with a rich, slightly viscous mouthfeel.
This is a lovely Riserva with thick and penetrating tones of cherry, spice and cola—the holy trinity of traditional Chianti Classico. The wine is dense, concentrated and intense without being too powerful or overwhelming. It would make an excellent companion to veal in a wine reduction sauce because of the natural succulence and structure.
A lighter, elegant style of Pinot Noir, dry and silky, with cherryskin, tobacco, cola and sweet oak flavors, wrapped into furry tannins. This is a good price. Drink now.
Coming from the cool 2010 vintage, this 100% varietal wine doesn't quite seem to have fully ripened but still offers plenty of enjoyment with its savory notes of leafy herbs, olive and cherry. It's elegant in its styling with a fresh feel and a cinnamon-speckled finish.
The concept here is a southern Rhône blend—47% Syrah, 17% Grenache, 19% Cinsault and 17% Mourvèdre. With the extra dollop of Syrah, it's got more substance than the usual Châteauneuf wannabes. Spicy and sharp, this benefits from the fact that the grapes all came in at once and were co-fermented, so the blend married early and well. Despite its youth, this is seamless and focused; a complete and very successful wine with berry, cherry and sweet plum fruit flavors annotated with spice and bits of chocolate. Elegant, feminine and supple, this is a lovely bottle.
Aromas of tarry asphalt, hockey puck and pasty oak dominate the creamy berry component. Jammy in feel, it has prune, spiced berry and herbal flavors. On the finish, the tannins are grabby while volume drowns out finesse.
Impressive dark purple in color, this powerful vin carries lots of toasted-oak aromas: menthol and cedar in particular. There's some promising dark fruit underneath it all that should emerge in a couple years' time. Less exciting than this winery's 1996, which leads to the question: could the creation of a luxury cuvée have had an effect on the quality of this wine?
Medium-intense aromas of black cherry and berry appear first, followed by lovely accents of orange blossom florals and sweet licorice spice. A touch of leather unfolds on the finish. Medium weight and balanced with approachable tannins and an easy-drinking structure.
The steep Pfaffenberg vineyard, sloping straight down to the Danube River, is one of the top vineyards in Krems. This rich and complex wine has a fine perfumed character, laced with lemon and pear flavors. It has a touch of minerality in its texture, making a wine that should age over several years.
Here's a big, smooth, round wine, with tannins that are packed into the superripe fruit flavors. It is powerful and concentrated, and the wood influence is still prominent along with a touch of bitterness from overextraction. It needs time to fully integrate.
A fat rich wine with an exuberant personality. Plenty of  hefty, ripe  fruit, a big chunky palate and a good, long luscious finish. While it is not as complex as some other 2003 Barolos, it is friendly and solid and will work beautifully with food.
This is essentially a southern Oregon blend of Cabernet, Merlot and Syrah, with the unusual addition of 15% Dundee Hills Pinot Noir. It is difficult not to think that the winery just had an extra few barrels of Pinot around and decided to blend it in; the wine is a diffuse mix of generic red fruits and sharp acids, that thins out quickly in the finish.
Inky purple, as you might expect after 23 days on the skins, this hits the palate forcefully with flavors of blueberry, black cherry, mown grass and mulch. Tannins are thick and chewy, and the finish turns a bit chalky.
This is bone dry, with lots of zesty acidity and flavors of sour cherry candy, pomegranate and persimmon, with a mushroomy earthiness. It should change over the next four years, although not necessarily improving. Try pairing it with steak, lamb or a rich cut of ahi tuna.
With a prickle on the tongue and a light burst of acidity, this is a crisp Muscat, with typical aromatic character. It just misses total freshness.
Fresh fruit with apple acidity gives this wine a ready-to-drink character. It has an attractive lift of citrus and a light, crisp and fresh aftertaste.
Sassello is Sangiovese from a high hillside vineyard that offers pretty spice renderings and good dimension overall. Its blackberry, Amaretto, natural rubber and moist earth aromas and flavors offer plenty of complexity.
Mildly pickled and stemmy at first, with earthy compost aromas that fade and are replaced by raspberry and other berry fruit scents. The palate has snap and smacking tannins, with flavors of raspberry, cherry and a staunch buttery dryness. Brambly but with enough good fruit and body to make the cut.
Piano Maltese is a fragrant and floral blend of Grillo and Catarratto with pretty notes of jasmine, honeysuckle and essence of peach blossom. The wine has a buoyant, vibrant personality with crisp freshness and long peach flavors.
Violets, bacon fat and caramel sauce are drizzled across blueberry and olallieberry fruits on the nose of this bottling from Billy Wathen and Dick Dore. The palate is expertly integrated and deep with flavors of blackberry, pepper dust, tart black-plum skins, cocoa powder and roasted pork. It conveys classic Syrah flavors, done with grace.
The most successful 2006 Pinot in Argyle's lineup, this wine bursts with cherries, dusty caramel and seductive aromas of rose petals, scattered across the palate. It's full-flavored yet retains its Pinot character, with poise and tension into the sweet, fruity finish.
Truly stunning, this white starts out with subtle talcum powder and gravel notes, then adds intense perfume and peaches in the mouth. There's a finely tuned balance and good length. Exceptional harmony and intensity suggest it will improve for 15 years or more.
The nose is a lovely mix of violets, strawberry, and jasmin. The palate lacks the intensity of the nose, although the bright fruit floral elements still come through in a muted form. The finish is short to medium. An pleasant wine that needs a touch more concentration.
The Sangiovese grape makes some of the best bone-dry rosés in the Northwest; this being a prime example. The grapes were cold-soaked for four days, then fermented in neutral oak. The strawberry/pie cherry fruit is just ripe enough; the acids fresh and natural; the finish long and utterly satisfying. This should be chilled and enjoyed outdoors on a beautiful day.
Cherry pie and nuanced spice flavors buoy this delicately layered, medium-bodied vineyard designate that's built of robust fruit and supported quietly by oak. A thread of white pepper persists throughout, making it especially irresistible.
With each passing year this Syrah rosé gets better and better. Yet some things remain the same, like the color, which is almost red, and the clarity, which is nearly perfect. Put this in your mouth and we'll bet you get no indication that it's Chilean. It's a ripe but balanced example of long and lasting rosé; and it will go with almost anything on your plate. A real winner from South America.
This wine evokes aromas of spring—fresh peach, lemon and pomelo mix with white flowers and a fresh green stem note. The palate is velour-soft in feel, yet there is a crispness from a citrus note that offers balance. The finish is mid-length and offers layers of flavors.
With its onion-skin color, this already shows age. The palate, with its mature reflection and beautiful rounded texture, confirms this. Rich, well balanced and gently mature, it has retained enough red fruits to keep an element of freshness. It is a food wine, rich and full in the mouth.
Rustic and jagged in acids and tannins, with a green, minty streak that won't age out, this Merlot-based Bordeaux blend needs food to mellow it. A soft, runny cheese will echo the sweet blackberry fruit, but on its own, the wine is tough.
The mountains rise quickly behind the French Riviera. They are the origin of this wine. It has an attractive cool feel, while keeping plenty of fruit and a ripe caramel character. It is bright with plenty of acidity at the end. Drink now.
Attractive toast aromas match well with the buttery, ripe fruits. This is a generous wine, although one with a line of acidity and steeliness that gives a strong texture. At the end, lemon crispness and ripe honey go well together. Drink from 2017.
Pure Merlot from the Barde-Haut vineyard gives a smooth and ripely fruited wine that is now on the way to maturity. It combines soft tannins, an elegant structure and juicy acidity. The aftertaste is fruity with a more mature edge.
A warm vintage, with early ripening, yields a wine with a pungent aroma that hints at something slightly burnt. Its fruit offers sweet, caramelized flavors, mixed with tart cranberry and some minty spice.
Dark and full-bodied in style and taste, this savory wine offers leathery tannins and value for the quality. Wild berries rise to the fore on the nose and palate, with a floral rejoinder and herbal, woodsy notes.
Lots of richness in this dry, slightly tart wine, with its furry coat of tannins. It shows cherry, blackcurrant, herb and coffee flavors that finish with a nice, cocoa-infused complexity.
Duval used to make Grange, so it is no surprise that his current luxury Shiraz is so successful. The 2008 Eligo oozes with oaky sweetness—vanilla, maple syrup and brown sugar notes—but balances that with potent cassis fruit and somehow ends on dry, savory notes of tobacco and spice. Drink now-2018, although it could surprise and go longer.
A fifty-fifty blend of native grapes Cesanese di Affile and Cesanese Comune, this savory, medium-bodied charmer offers juicy black currant, blackberry, white pepper and intriguing charred notes. It's well balanced with fresh acidty and lithe tannis that offer easy-drinking pleasure.
A simple, sweet wine. This blend of Riesling, Muscat and Verdelho smells and tastes like floral perfume, with some pineapple-piña colada flavors for good measure. Imported by Precept Brands.
This Cabernet Franc blend opens with herbal oaky aromas of coffee and red fruits. The palate feels tartaric and shocking, with heavy extraction and an overall wiry feel. Jacked-up berry flavors come with more than enough oak, while this is steady but not finessed or elegant on the finish. Drink through 2021.
This is a light wine, and the fruit is dominated by acidity. It has a tart red-currant flavor, with a hint of banana.
This blend of six local Corsican varieties is the top wine from the Clos Venturi estate. Its dark color and blackberry perfume promises a rich, complex palate. It's serious—densely packed with both tannins and opulent fruit. Drink from 2019.
A blend of 90% Sangiovese and 10% Canaiolo, this opens with scents that suggest dark berry, sunbaked earth and cooking spice. The medium-bodied palate offers mature Marasca cherry, raspberry, toast and a sprinkling of clove alongside dusty tannins.
This late harvest Sauvignon Blanc is honey gold in color, with tantalizing aromas of honeysuckle, white flowers and lanolin. It is generous on the palate, with flavors of apricot and tinned peaches supported by floral notes. Its sweetness is enhanced by a pleasing level of acidity on the finish.
An outstanding Reserve, this opens with potent aromas of spice and cacao, which lead onto a muscular, sleek and stylish palate that shows terrific depth of black fruits. The wine has exceptional structure, and it remains nuanced, with details of earth and stem.
Von Schubert bottled two eisweins from the Herrenberg in 2009. This one is pale in color, with intense pineapple and honey flavors. The wine is sweet, luscious and viscous yet never cloying, with a long finish that features unfolding layers of fruit flavor.
This very limited production wine is Foursight's most expensive offering. It smells like red cherries and cinnamon, tastes warm and spicy, and feels broad and velvety. While not quite as impressive as the 2013, it has a plush and welcoming personality that's difficult to forget.
An interesting grape typically produced in South Africa, this Pinotage is a pleasant alternative to more typical Israeli Kosher offerings. Menthol dominates the bouquet, with background notes of dark fruit and purple florals. Black berry, anise and coffee appear in the dark, velvety-textured mouth and linger through the long finish. Definitely worth a try, and will probably surprise you.
Waxy floral aromas are pretty, but suggest a slightly plastic note on this light-footed Riesling. It's delicately sweet, boasting flavors of fresh yellow peach and pear accented by hints of bramble and earth. The finish is crisp and clean.
Light and lithe, with quintessential Riesling aromas and flavors of green apple, pineapple and lime, all wrapped up by a crisp, refreshing finish. A nice quaffer for the warm months ahead.
Dark black and purple in hue, this wine has a dullness and dilution to the palate, which is dense in blueberry and leather, lacking grip on a quick finish.
Soft and generous, full of perfumed ripe berry fruits, touched with strawberry acidity. The tannins are all part of the softness, like flecks of dust on the wine. It is beautifully pure, ripe and open.
Candied red cherry, mulberry, lilac, kola nut and dark sandalwood show on the lush nose of this bottling. The palate is wound tightly around a tense structure and bright but not overpowering acidity, revealing flavors of allspice, dark red fruit and hints of juniper.
A lightweight wine seemingly made for poolside sipping, with herbal-grassy tones accenting citrus notes. It's clean on the finish and as refreshing as a cool breeze.
Despite aromas that come across as being rather green—almost to the point of asparagus or green bean—this wine's flavors are much less so. And the cassis-tinged fruit is supple and rounded in the mouth as well, providing plenty of pleasure. Drink now; its evolution is uncertain.
Sealed with a screwcap, this affordable Pinot offers forward, fruity flavors of red apple, fig, plum and prune. It starts out quite nicely, then hardens up a bit, and needs decanting to show its best. A streak of espresso runs through the finish; it's not an elegant wine, but a hearty one.
A little bulky and maybe just beginning to fade. This is a rounder and chunkier specimen than the 2008 Cipreses SB, and it shows softness at its core and hints of green bean and bell pepper. Fortunately, holdover acids and green-fruit notes bring it back to higher ground. Drink immediatelyor wait for the release of the '08 vintage.
You get mostly cedar and charred oak at first, with hints of cherries and mocha. This is one affordable Merlot that doesn't lack for structure—it's just that the structure seems largely wood-derived, leaving insufficient fruit flesh to fill in the gaps.
Aromas of lime and pine give way to a tangy, angular palate. Dry apricot and citrus flavors are lively but very familiar for this variety. A modest, lightly pithy tasting finish feels juicy and fresh.
The nose is welcoming, with aromas of buttered toast and spice. But the flavors are overwhelmingly lemony and tart—a strange amalgam that doesn't quite come together.
This is a delicate wine, with intense sweetness. The dryness of the botrytis is there with apricot and honey flavors, along with great waves of piercing acidity. A wine to age.
This juicy and fruity wine is a blend of just slightly more than half Zinfandel, the rest Petite Sirah. It's full of ripe black and red fruit, with structured tannins that teeter on the edge of being overwhelming—until the finish gives exactly the right hit of spice.
Ripe blackberry, cherry and toasty oak flavors mark this Cab. It's soft in acids and tannins and high in alcohol, which gives it a glyceriney sweetness on the finish. Drink up.
Earthy aromas of cola, plum and blackberry come with a saline note. For the most part, this feels pure, good and fruity, albeit a bit rubbery. Short but solid blackberry and cassis flavors finish with mild oak and a touch of peppery spice.
This older vintage Chardonnay has a flinty, saline quality to it and a faint taste of waxy apple. Medium in body, it's savory and surrounded by citrus tones with a high note of acidity. Clean and integrated it's a nice reminder of how Chardonnay can be just as fresh and alive five years on as upon first release.
This wine is abundant with aromas of cherry Coke, sarsaparilla and baking spice. The palate is delicate yet is given some weight from seven months in neutral French and American oak. This wine gains a soft texture from Tannat skins added during fermentation.
This has a very deep-red color with a reddish-purple rim, followed by very ripe, jammy aromas like boysenberry jam with spicy, smoky oak accents. Flavors are ripe, effusive and nearly sweet, as the wine goes for broke in terms of well-ripened grape flavors and generous helpings of sweet-spicy oak.
Full-bodied, firm, fruit with cranberry and highlights of cranberry and chocolate. There's plenty of acid, sharp edged at first, slowly softening a bit with light, slightly watery, edges.
This warm-climate Falanghina (a native grape of southern Italy) delivers lively aromas of pear, Golden Delicious apple and stone fruit. The creamy, smooth mouthfeel could match calamari stuffed with breadcrumbs and parsley.
The wine opens with a pretty pink color and offers simple aromas of cranberry and raspberry. Would pair with salty appetizers and fried finger foods.
Light and forward, this pure Cabernet offers pretty strawberry fruit and soft tannins. Easy drinking, it's built for near-term consumption.
Warm cherry fruit enfolds the palate, with supporting, lemony acids. This subtle, graceful wine both intrigues and invites, still promising a bit more than it delivers, but holding the potential for future greatness. Cellar it and try again 2018–2025.
Soft and pretty, in the well-established style of this Red Mountain winery. Hints of bramble and leaf annotate soft berry fruit flavors. The acids keep it fresh and a bit of Cabernet Franc (8%) gives it just enough tannic toughness to put a frame around the finish.
This Bordeaux blend has a touch of horse and earth on the nose. It shows some of the ripeness possible in Virginia with rich flavors of blueberry, cassis and heavy oak that's suited to this full-bodied wine. Sweet fruit mellows the smooth tannins, while acidity shows through on the finish.
Earthy aromas of truffle, damp soil, new leather and black-skinned fruit lead the way while the polished palate shows dried black cherry, prune, clove and ground pepper. Tightly wound, fine-grained tannins and fresh acidity provide the backbone while notes of tobacco and orange zest linger on the finish.
Palai (100% Müller-Thurgau) is a compelling and fresh white with just enough complexity to keep you guessing. Stone fruit, honey, crushed granite and pressed white rose appear on the bouquet. The wine is dry and polished with a long finish.
The almost luminous pink hue promises exuberance: the wine delivers a plethora of fruit notes—spicy elderberries, luscious strawberries and juicy red cherries all take turns to dazzle. Is this your typical rosé? Certainly not—it's more of an ultralight red that needs chilling. But it certainly delivers sophisticated yet fun drinking. Simply abandon yourself to its joyful flavors and celebrate summer!
Lively, bright aromas and clean flavors of citrus and tropical fruit make this a fun wine to sip on its own or pair with dishes like seafood or Chinese chicken salad. There's pineapple on the palate too, giving the wine a playful edge. It's not to be mulled upon—it's too lighthearted for such contemplation—but meant to be enjoyed on a hot summer day with some rays beating on your back. Good, clean finish.
Anise, cherry and a floral note on the nose give this wine an elegant start. On the palate, it offers a refined balance of smoke, cherry, kirsch and olive. It's generous and likeable but still clean and fresh, with good tannic structure. Tobacco on the finish adds character.
Toasty and solid on the nose, with hints of mineral, dark spice, black olive and cassis. It's structured but a little rich and sticky, with sweet berry and cassis flavors along with brown sugar on the finish. A blend of six grapes that's easygoing and generous. Drink now through 2013.
This fresh, easy-going Sicilian white would go with fresh seafood or spicy Thai curry. The wine shows bright notes of peach and citrus with a touch of soft sweetness on the close.
The wood is still very present in this young wine, giving acidity and creamy, toasty character. The wine, as it develops, will become ripe, full of yellow fruits and honey while always keeping that great acidity. Since it needs to age, drink from 2018.
The smoky, peppery aromas and smoky, pomegranate flavors may be atypical, but the wine is well-balanced and enjoyable to drink.
A fine, nice Merlot. It's dry and balanced and even elegant, with interesting flavors of cherries, herbs and cedar that finish spicy and silky.
From a cool site in a cool year, this wine shows thoughtful winemaking and attention to detail. It's a finesse wine, balanced and poised, and the flavors, though light, are persistent; pomegranate, pie cherry, breakfast tea and a hint of tobacco come into play, with a thin suggestion of sassafras. But there is nothing unripe or unpleasant, and the tannins are nicely managed.
Tannin alert! This is old-fashionedly rustic, a wine for the cellar. Give it 6 to 8 years to begin to unlock the blackberries; it could live longer that that.
Elk Cove makes one of the most refreshing, crisp and nuanced Pinot Gris in the state. This is an excellent bottle, lively and clean, with mixed fruit flavors of pear, melon, kiwi and white peach. It is concentrated but not heavy or thick; the magic of Adam Campbell's winemaking is his ability to perfectly balance and showcase the exact ripeness of his fruit, leaving in the subtle grace notes. This is a perfectly balanced, nuanced and delicious wine.
Dark purple in color, with can't-miss aromas of prune and raisin. The palate is predictably soft, with manageable heft but low acidity and thus very soft edges. Flavors of baked black fruits are warm but short, and the oak is plentiful. A little too ripe and raisiny to rate higher.
With rich, decadently delicious raspberry and cherry pie filling flavors, this is an impressive young Pinot. It's so sweet in fruit and oak, yet entirely dry in the finish, and the silky texture and elaborate oak overlay are just perfect. Hard to predict its longterm future, but it will make for elaborate drinking over the next four years.
An intense portrait of Napa Cabernet, bursting in red cassis, plum and herbes de Provence, this is a balanced, softly layered wine with well-managed tannins. The time in French oak has provided structure as well as power. Toying for more time in bottle, it should be enjoyed through 2022–2027.
Trebbiano is a workhorse Italian variety that will never achieve noble status, like Chardonnay, but in the right hands can be the perfect dry white wine. Cinnabar has done a great job. The wine is crisp and floral, with citrus, honeysuckle and spice flavors lightly touched by oak. Try with tempura dipped in soy sauce.
Sweet and a little foxy on the nose, with secondary aromas of air freshener. The flavors are a touch brambly and herbal, while the palate is flush and chewy but also a little tannic and choppy. Doesn't seem as thought this is as structured and serious as it was, say, four or five years ago.
With winemakers Anselmo Mendes and Diogo Lopes, there is a good pedigree to this wine. It shows in the dark tannins, the rich fruit and the concentrated structure. The wine is rich with great power although that is mitigated by the acidity and fresh aftertaste. The wine is, of course, still young and should be drunk from 2020.
Juicy red berry, brimstone, leather, licorice, mint and thyme are just some of the aromas and flavors of this powerfully structured wine. Despite the muscular build, it's also loaded with finesse, boasting firm but noble tannins that accompany the layers of savory flavors. Drink 2016–2022.
Textbook Russian River Pinot, an absolutely delicious wine that pleases every which way. Dry and crisp in acids, light and silky in the mouth, its flavors are complex, suggesting ripe, mashed cherries and raspberries, cola, vanilla, cinnamon spice and smoky oak. Drink now.
The nose on this dry Riesling is a touch sweet, with its ripe pear and pineapple aromas, but the palate is earthier and more citric. It lacks some balance on the palate but the tasty fruit flavors and a finish with zip add to the appeal.
The flagship of the Feudi fleet, this powerful wine is 70% Aglianico and 30% Merlot, Shiraz and Piedirosso. The wine is complex from the start with cherry, plum, chocolate, black pepper and toasted oak. With standing, even more nuances appear. On the palate, it is rich and robust—the tannins just need a little softening. The persistent finish replicates the initial aromatics. A true tour de force. Cellar Selection.
The low alcohol suggests fruit that was minimally ripened, and the flavors seem closer to fresh greens than ripe fruit. There's a splash of gooseberry, again quite tart, and a leesy texture. Drink chilled with a fresh salad.
Made from Sierra Foothills Zinfandel, this smells of grapes dried in the sun. This is delicately balanced, with just the right level of thickness and sweetness. Enjoy with plummy desserts or dark chocolate.
This mint- and new-wood-flavored wine boasts ripe tannins and lush fruit. It feels weighty, perhaps almost too rich, while the tannins have a bitter-chocolate edge to them.
Charred and oaky at first, the nose on this aged Rioja reserva also deals blueberry, lemon peel and spiced plum aromas. Tight, acidic and grabby on the palate, this is healthy but forced in feel. Flavors of briny oak, black currant and salt finish with bold acidity and choppiness. Drink through 2020.
Costamolino is from this producer's base line of products and offers a very correct expression of food-friendly Vermentino. The wine is redolent of peach and exotic fruit and offers slightly sweet softness in the mouth.
This simple, fruity wine, with its attractive apple and citrus flavors, is made predominantly from Loire Valley grapes. That lends a crisp, cool character, making it refreshing to drink now.
This well-balanced ripe wine shows the hand of Pedro Sâ, wine and vineyard director for all Sogevinus Ports. Sweet with a hint of yeastiness and good acidity, its ripe strawberry flavors are strong and fresh. This is a pink Port wine that is ripe and fruity, finishing with both sweetness and freshness. Drink now but with this blend, Kopke doesn't rule out sip-store-sip over a couple months.
With aromas and flavors like wild berries and black pepper, this full-bodied wine offers plenty of good fruitiness but also savory touches that lend complexity. Its smooth texture and easy drinkability make it a pleasure to sip.
Butter, pear and cinammon aromas preface tropical fruit on the palate. Feels round and medium-weight, with oak not so obvious until the finish. Even so, Winemaker Cara Morrison says that future vintages will show even less wood.
While initially a bit earthy and savory on the nose, this ethereal kabinett abounds in fruity, floral complexities. Cutting and spry, its sweet, tangy citrus and stone-fruit flavors seem to dance nervously on the palate. It's nuanced and minerally, with a deliciously salty finish.
This wine shows good balance between the lively acidity and ripe notes of red apple flesh, pear and orange oil. The round mouthfeel of ripe fruit flavors are lifted on the finish by a tangy, green plum and lime zest accent. Drink now.
There are tight tannins to go with the fresh acidity in this very mineral wine. Raspberry and red cherry fruits combine with a smoky note.
Nero d'Avola and Syrah make for a great marriage, and this wine from Firriato proves the point. It's luscious and warm with pulsing red cherry and blackberry fruit backed by smoke, spice and barbecue.
Black plum juice, black pepper, caramel and smoke mark the nose of this bottling, which is fairly light in color. It's thin in body yet offers familiar black cherry and herbal spice flavors.
The nose is characterized by berry fruit, herbs and a slightly awkward briney note that recalls California's morning marine layer. In the mouth, it delivers solid structure and medium persistent. Try with simple pasta dishes or pizza. Screwcap.
Here's a structured Rosso that offers aromas of underbrush, black plum, berry and orange zest. Bright red cherry takes center stage on the palate, while notes of mint, Mediterranean herbs and sweet spices add interest. It's tannic but shy on fresh acidity so enjoy now.
This extracted, dense and one-dimensional Taurasi delivers mature black fruit, fennel, black pepper, licorice, toasted oak and coffee bean sensations alongside drying wood tannins. It finishes abruptly.
Lemon preserve and orange peel aromas lead this lusher-style Chardonnay. On the palate, tropical fruit is laced with minerals and sea salt to create an overall friendly and food-focused white. Pair with oysters and fuller-bodied fish.
After an earthy, aggressive, almost sweaty start, this joint-venture red from Nicolas Catena and Eric de Rothschild finds its course and manages to improve. The palate is full of acid-driven, amplified cherry and plum flavors, and while there's a hint of buttery oak resting on the finish, that should subside with airing and a good food pairing. Imported by Pasternak Wine Imports.
Attractive, ripe fruit, concentrated spice and black berry flavors. The fresh acidity gives the wine a delicious juicy finish.
Hard and oily smelling, with an acrid overtone. The palate is grating and tastes of bitter, pithy citrus, while the finish is equally bitter, with grapefruit pith lasting too long. Expensive for what you get.
Right from the beginning, this Cabernet Sauvignon-led blend oozes old-school Chilean calling cards: The nose is full of eucalyptus and herbal berry aromas along with tobacco and spicy berry scents. A tannic, heavy palate is hard and grinding, while baked flavors of black fruits come with a reprise of herbaceous character. Drink through 2022.
This distinctive wine shows aromas of rain-soaked herbs, mineral, cocoa and red fruit. It's filled with luscious, jammy raspberry flavors that combine with an alluring, silky feel. With time, the aromas and flavors might unite to kick it up a notch.
This is a pale colored wine, almost white. With its soft acidity, touch of pepper and bright red-berry fruits, it is exuberant, delicious and immediately ready to drink. The aftertaste gives the wine a further burst of acidity and crispness.
Jean Lissague's blend of 90% Sauvignon Blanc and 10% Muscadelle is soft and full in the mouth with just enough acidity to keep it crisp. Melon and spiced-lemon create a tangy touch that gives the wine an edginess. Drink now.
Raspberry and peach describe this sparkler's color and also its aromatic characteristics. There's a slightly oxidized note at the back that recalls almond or candied fruit.
Apple, peach and corn aromas are indicative of the chunky palate that comes next. Flavors run a touch stalky and grassy, with apple cider the key fruit component. Simple on the finish; middle of the road as a whole.
Creamy and fresh, this off-dry sparkler offers heady aromas of exotic fruit, candied orange peel and ripe peach. The foaming palate doles out ripe apple, Bartlett pear and crystallized ginger alongside crisp acidity that gives it an almost linear quality.
This blend of Syrah, Grenache and Mourvèdre is extraordinarily rich and soft in cherry pie, chocolate, licorice, bacon and pepper spice flavors. The tannins are wonderfully velvety, and the finish is long and nicely dry. Unbalanced alcohol makes the wine taste hot all the way through.
Sweet green apple, lemon and lime notes meld in this off-dry Riesling, somewhat evocative of green Jolly Rancher's candy. Whiffs of smoke and nuts add a savory dimension to this brisk, easy drinking wine. Drink now.
Only 6,000 bottles and 300 magnums have been made of this wine, from a parcel in the famed La Landonne vineyard. This is a beautifully crafted wine, with vanilla and polished violet perfumes. To taste, the ripeness of the tannins and the richness of the fruit give both complexity and elegance. It should age for at least 15 years.
A firm, youthful Cabernet, with cassis and blue plum fruit accented by dried herb, graphite and asphalt. As it sat in the glass, a distinct leathery aroma emerged and the fruit quickly faded.
Massive yet proportional, with olive, rubber and ripe black fruit on the manly bouquet. The palate is ponderous but tasty, with a huge dose of syrupy berry and black-plum flavors. Ripe as all get out, with firm tannins. To call it a powerhouse would be taking things lightly. Imported by Grapes of Spain.
The very gentle but seductive notion of sun-ripened red-cheeked mirabelle plums radiates like sunshine from the glass. With a further sniff there also is peppery greenery: yarrow and hay. The palate also unites this friendly fruit with the savory spice of these herbs and comes in a light-footed, compact and fresh package that just dances on the tongue. This is deceptively frivolous Grüner with a seriously delicious concentrated core.
Gary Figgins works his usual magic and adds layers of rich, buttery, nutty oak to the light, pleasant Sangiovese fruit. The oak doesn't overwhelm, it underscores, and the effect is exciting, sensuous and fat. The wine floats across the palate, with light fruit and buttery oak melding into a sinuous, delicious whole. Beautiful winemaking.
This wine starts with an enticing, perfumed spicy aroma. Once sipped, a big burst of dry tannins coats the mouth and makes the mild fruit flavors seem thin and spare in the middle. The structure and the texture seem to need more richness and depth from the flavors. Drink after 2020 to let the tannins mellow out.
This wine manages to balance freshness with rich, concentrated fruit. It is certainly full-bodied, reveling in its ripe kiwi and pear flavors. But it also shows crispness, light acidity and a lively aftertaste.
Tomato and herbal aromas tell you most of what you need to know about this bargain-priced Cab. It's somewhat green and sweet, with a raw feel and tannic bite. Tastes of tomato and herbal red plum. Feels light on the finish.
Barolo Vigna Merenda opens with a bright bouquet composed of cherry, spice, floral and balsam elements. This is also an extremely mineral-driven wine that exposes a vein of graphite or crushed stone at its core. Thanks to the wine's natural structure and long persistency, it would make a perfect pairing partner to any dish with black truffles.
Pungent and teetering on the edge of herbaceousness. But then it draws back, settling on passion fruit, tropical breezes and lime. The wine has pulsing acidity and it dances on the palate. It's also sort of bracing and sharp, which some may find too razor-like for their palate. Very nice for coastal Aconcagua, an outland where few besides Errazuriz have gone.
Crisp and smooth in the mouth, with clean, unblemished flavors of chocolate and cassis wrapped around a core of firm acidity. Lacks the herbal notes that seem to abound in Chilean Cabernet.
The perfumes of Malvasia Fina shine in this attractive dry sparkling wine. It is fruity, although with a yeasty edge, creating a fine apéritif style.
Gritty, stalky aromas are more muddled and earthy than fruity. This has a medium body and flavors of spiced currant, pepper and chocolate. A chunky finish offers a mocha flavor that helps cover lean core fruit.
This wine is full in the mouth with a rich, rounded character. Spice balances with the red currant and lemon flavors to give great fruitiness with a more exotic, peppery aftertaste.
A big, in your face Zin, with concentrated blackberry jam, currant and espresso flavors along with some overripe raisin and prune notes. High alcohol gives a burn to the palate and the tannins are bitter. Drink now.
On the dry side, showing some lean tannins with the fruit and banana. There's a serious side to this wine and it needs a few minutes to breathe before offering up its ripe fruits and final jammy sweetness.
Superripe pear aromas are followed by fruit that hints at oxidation, very open and soft with an intriguing saltiness. Only towards the end does the wine show structure, with pineapple and peach flavors. The fruit is intense, but in the end, the wine seems to fall apart.
Here's a big round white that opens with aromas of tropical fruit, hay and wet stone while the ripe full-bodied palate offers cantaloupe and green melon. You'll also notice the warmth of evident alcohol.
The wine launched cinematically by Robert Redford in “Indecent Proposal,” this delivers a succulently memorable and seductive mix of crisp cassis and meaty rare beef, a sanguine underpinning that gives it intrigue. Full bodied and ripely crafted, it is completely satisfying in its classical components of sage and cedar, with a lingering lust of chocolate-covered cherry.
Oak, crushed berry and vanilla aromas take center stage on this Sicilian Pinot Nero. The palate offers ripe red cherry, prune, toasted oak, sweet baking spice and chocolate alongside drying tannins.
This is a full, structured and balanced wine. Red fruits, fragrant cherry flavors and acidity are intertwined with solid tannins. It needs aging, drink from 2015.
This is a 100% varietal wine, with a dullness to the nose and a simplicity to the palate that makes it hard to distinguish, the fruit and acidity diluted.
Rustic and sauvage, this wine has an herbal quality that's hard to shake; it's both so defining and distracting. Cherry and pomegranate also figure in.
The Rollier is a bird found in warm, dry places in southern Europe, just like Provence. Fresh, light and fruity, the wine certainly flies into the glass. It is dry, with bright red currant fruits and attractive acidity.
This 70 percent Syrah/30 percent Grenache blend mixes bright, tangy red berry flavors with an undercoat of white chocolate. Very smooth, very stylish, and very good.
As rich and opulent as its red wine pair, this is ripe and soft, a swirl of velvet tempered by citrus and sweet and fresh acidity. The toast of the wood is only just evident, its presence felt as much as tasted. Despite its richness, it does remain wedded to Burgundy, as evidenced by the tight, steely finish. Imported by Dreyfus, Ashby & Co.
The second offering from NxNW adds Yakima Valley fruit to the Pepper Bridge and Seven Hills base. It has more of a full-bodied middle, with plum and berry fruit matched to chalky acids. A spicy licorice flavor permeates the finish. Initially intriguing, it leaves an impression of being a bit unbalanced; the whole is less than the sum of its parts.
A blend of Nero d'Avola, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah, this easy-drinking wine opens with aromas of ripe black fruit, blue flower, graphite and whiffs of exotic spice. The round, juicy palate delivers black cherry, blackberry, ground black pepper and charred notes alongside light tannins and soft acidity. Drink through 2016.
The nose boasts the pure perfume of Damask rose which runs right through with floral intensity on the off-dry palate. Some peach and lychee join but the rose florals are the chief aromatic. The palate is fresh and balanced, leaving a very perfumed aftertaste.
Surprisingly bright for the vintage and displaying Gaja's trademark elegance, this offers aromas of blue flower, perfumed berry, cake spices and a whiff of leather. The ripe palate delivers mature black cherry layered with white pepper and cinnamon alongside supple tannins. Drink 2016–2026.
This Barolo enjoys broad appeal thanks to its forthcoming bouquet of ripe forest fruit, chocolate and espresso bean. The wine offers loads of exotic spice, leather, tobacco and chewy tar. In the mouth, it is much more elegant and compact than you'd expect.
Quota 600 is one of the protagonists of a new class of wines from the Etna denomination. Sourced from 600 meters above sea level on the slopes of the volcano, the wine shows delicate nuances of small berry, mountain herb, cola and wet river stone. Tight tannins and firm structure give it momentum on the finish.
Lighter in color than many other bottlings, this shows cherry and pepper spice on a somewhat reserved nose. But that light color unleashes a lush and ripe palate, with red berries, nutmeg and game flavors showing most prominently.
Tire rubber, tobacco, bacon, olive and a dark smokiness define the nose on this Merlot, which is miles away from the simple, easy wines that most people associate with the variety. This one is big, herbal, peppery and endowed with black fruit, hoisin sauce, roasted tomato and kick. It needs some airing to show its best.
Barnyard notes first meet the nose but lessen in intensity to reveal cherry cola, dark plum, forest floor, moist tree bark and tobacco. Offers a medium to full build with persistent length and a firm, spicy finish. Imported by Tricana Imports.
The acidity is pretty fierce, but the wine is dry, and offers easy flavors of cherries, raspberries, red currants and sandalwood. The blend is Merlot and Cabernet Franc.
This wine shows a high degree of spiciness with a rose petal-like flourish—a stellar first effort from a new estate vineyard along Eastside Road. Brambly raspberry and dark cherry flavors seem brushed by a subtle waft of campfire smoke and molten chocolate, all swirling together in the glass as a lengthy, lively palate framed by acidity.
Moscato usually imparts musky, soapy and floral aromas and this expression from the Veneto is no exception. This is a no-fuss, casual wine with low alcohol and sweet, honey-like flavors.
Opens with burnt rubber aromas that soon yield to berry fruit, char and dark chocolate. The palate is snappy and tangy despite feeling full, while the flavors of herbs and berry are quickly replaced by resiny oak. Finishes firm, with herbal notes and carob.
Savory apple and spice notes mark this bright wine. Brisk lemon acidity cuts through the full-bodied palate, giving it a refreshing, balanced mouthfeel.
You'll discover aromas of menthol, dark baking spice and a hint of leather on this firmly structured red. The full-bodied palate offers tart red cherry, grilled herb and licorice alongside compact, fine-grained tannins.
Medium bodied and firmly structured, this stands apart from many Australian Shiraz for those characteristics. It also boasts scents of leather, cedar and vanilla on the nose, backed by flavors of plum and black cherry. The leathery notes re-emerge on the finish alongside mouth-watering fruit. Drink now–2020.
Loaded with fresh oak tones (that will integrate as the wine evolves in time), this is a modern Barolo with good pulp and loads of aromatic intensity. Mesquite wood, vanilla, spice and black fruit set the stage. The wine is ripe with density and structure and will easily age 10 years plus.
The nose here is dusty and austere with a noble quality that straddles a fine line between intensity and elegance. This is a unique wine made by vintner Gianfranco Elampini with a dusty, nutty disposition, smooth tannins and medium persistency on the finish. —M.L.
Tastes dry and raw in green tannins and acids, with the barest suggestion of cherries and rosehip tea. In its favor is the fine, silky texture and low alcohol.
Pointed red-plum aromas are lemony and leathery. The palate is decidedly tomatoey and acidic, with flavors of plum skin, currant and pepper. An herbal, spicy, drying finish feels raw and tastes sour.
Conner Lee is one of a small number of Washington vineyards that merits vineyard-designated Cabernet Sauvignon. The wine lacks nothing, and the fruit is firm, sculpted, and varietally correct, with a touch of ripeness around flavors of plum and cherry. Enjoy it young, or cellar it for another five years.
Jammy black fruit and inky blackberry preserves open the bouquet of this syrupy red wine. The wine's texture is both dense and gritty.
Craig has struggled to move this Paso Robles Syrah off-center and into the end zone for years. The fight continues. The wine is just too soft and simple in structure, although it does show pretty pepper-sprinkled black and blue berries and stone fruits.
Prosecco Superiore Dei Casel is a soft, foamy wine with apple mousse, lemon zest and soft layers of peach cobbler. The wine is delicate, elegant and fine.
A spectacular Pinot Noir, but you don't want to open it anytime soon. Shows the pedigree of this vineyard, a superbly balanced wine rich in acidity and minerals. The fruit? Black and red cherries, blackberries, cola, cocoa powder and red currants, enriched with smoky cedarwood. Beautiful, but needs time. The window is 2011–2013.
Certainly an attractive presentation with its cute pink heart on the label, this is also an attractive, finely structured wine which brings together some good tannins and ripe fruits, a hint of licorice and fresh acidity.
Clean, fresh apple aromas and a minerally, citric palate are on point for brut nature. A lightly salty set of persimmon and apple flavors finishes lively, with dry citrus notes on the finish.
This Cava has a funky nose that's unusual. The palate is a bit flabby, with sweet banana and peachy flavors. There's not much to the finish and overall this comes across as overly simple and strained.
Kind of bland and regular, but on the plus side it's fresh, feline and green, with lightly pickled gooseberry flavors. Fleshy and wan on the palate but with no glaring issues or off flavors. Drink now.
This very earthy wine with a barnyard character has lost its fruit. It does have structure but it is not likely to lose its animal edge.
Lightly laced with wood, this attractive ripe wine shows pear and peach flavors and vivid acidity. It is well textured, with a streak of apple and pear skins. Fine grained wine, with attractive final acidity.
White fruits, figs, pears and currants dominate this fine, steely wine, a blend from a number of premier cru vineyards. The structure of freshly peeled apple skin tightens the wine, layering the acidity and freshness. The flavors crispen up on the vibrant, flinty finish.
A blend from all his vines, this is Alain Cailbourdin's wood aged top wine. This is a fine example of a wooded Sauvignon Blanc, judiciously creamy, but not losing the fresh vitality of the grape, adding richness to the already concentrated fruit. It makes a great food wine; drink now.
Baked apple, toast, spun sugar and fresh summer corn aromas are appealing and totally New World, while the palate is tropical in flavor and racy in feel. An example of acidity and ripe fruit working together to create a tasty but ripe-styled Chardonnay. Drink now.
More oak is evident in this wine than Osprey Dominion's Reserve, the vanilla shading bright cherry fruit aromas and giving a pie-crust element to the red-berry flavors. Soft and creamy, with tobacco notes that carry through the finish.
This is thick and spicy, a raging bull of a wine that skates along the border of Napa Cabernet country. As this Horse Heaven Hills vineyard matures, it is becoming clear that it can deliver the big, broad and deep flavors that put Washington Merlot at the front of the class. What's especially nice about this blend is its intense bouquet of blackberry, spicy anise and cedar. For all of its power this retains its balance, its acidic spine and even a touch of grace.
Among McCrea's Rhône-inspired white wines, this is the most complete and complex. It's rich and dense, with honeycomb, lychee, lemon rind, pineapple and lots of stone—lovely and lingering. It seems to gain strength as it rolls through a sensational finish.
This has soft cherry and raspberry highlights that are a little too subtle, but overall it is a well-constructed red blend, with body and flavor that will pair perfectly with midweek meals.
Soft and layered, this perennially impressive vineyard-designate speaks highly of the variety, showing balanced offerings of plum, dark cherry, leather and spice. A smoky oak  character lies beneath the fruit, complementing it well, while an expansive tannic presence supports the wine's overall breadth and depth. Big boned, this is built to age yet entirely enjoyable now.
From the Vogelsang, or “bird song” vineyard, this wine sings melodiously. It has bright green and citrus fruits, lively acidity and a crisp, dancing feel. There is a youthful feel to the acidity that demands a year in bottle. Screwcap.
Front-loaded with cherries, watermelons and pomegranates, with hints of violets, vanilla and spices, this is one of the richer, more full-bodied blush wines out there. Great picnic or beach wine.
From a winery with a good track record, here's a full-bodied, flavorful red dinner wine. It has currant, blackberry and oak flavors and intricate tannins, and is very dry. It's the sort of elegantly formulated Cabernet that Napa seems to produce so effortlessly.
Almost seems creamy, perhaps because half of the juice was fermented in neutral barrels. Grapefruits, green plums and a pinch of black pepper lead into a long, broad finish.
This limited (350 case) release is 86% Merlot, the rest Cabernet Sauvignon. There is significant influence from new oak barrels, and the wine is better for it. The oak sharpens the edges and adds tannic definition, with a lightly toasty finish. The fruit is light and pleasant.
Forward but fresh, this elegant Pinot Blanc juxtaposes rich peach and mango flavors with a zesty acidic spine. The finish is sleek and a bit steely. Ready now but should drink well through 2020.
A special bottling produced for the 100th anniversary of the cooperative, this is creamier and much more supple than the regular riserva, reviewed in our December 31, 2004 issue. Smoky, toasty and loaded with berry fruit on the nose, dusty and smooth on the finish, this wine shows what large co-ops can achieve but rarely accomplish.
Lip-smacking white peach and grapefruit flavors abound in this semidry Riesling, but are anchored by a deep vein of minerals. It's piercing and fresh, yet quaffable and delicious, struck by shards of lime and lemon and a lingering touch of honey.
This blend of Pinot Noir and Chardonnay is the producer's nonvintage wine. Crisp and fresh, it's delightfully tangy and bright with acidity, citrus and juicy apple flavors. It is made to be a great apéritif style with its fruity, light aftertaste.
This could be Chardonnay, or any light white wine. Fruit flavors are apple and pear; there's lots of acidity. A simple, pleasant, everyday style.
Orchard fruit and white flower aromas meld together in this pretty white. On the bright palate, fresh acidity underscores white peach, Bartlett pear and juicy nectarine suggestions.
The palest pink in color, this wine is light and easy with the merest hint of fruitiness and acidity. Red currant and lime mark the finish.
Though somewhat candied, the nose shows true Gewürztraminer style with some underlying notes of rose and Asian spice. Try this off-dry bottle with hors d'oeuvres. Drink up.
This medium- to full-bodied white features a richly textured mouthfeel to go with its toasty aromas and melon fruit. There's a touch of creamed-corn character, and the finish could be longer, but it's still a plump, satisfying wine to pair with chicken or fish.
This small, family-owned, biodynamically farmed vineyard and winery is quickly becoming a southern Oregon cult producer. Certainly one of the finest Viogniers produced anywhere in the Northwest, this extraordinarily aromatic wine showers the palate with luscious and tangy lemon, pineapple, Satsuma orange and pear fruit flavors. Then the spices pile on, lending an exotic twist to a lengthy midpalate, and leading into a lightly toasty finish.
This is rich and concentrated, spice as well as pear and melon flavors. It is complex, with almond and nutmeg notes, balanced by the taut acidity that completes a full, ripe wine.
The oak barrel influence comes across quite strong in this Chardonnay. The wine itself, made from fruit sourced from this mountain appellation in the central part of Sonoma County, is rich in tropical fruit and pear flavors, with zesty acidity.
The merest hint of red currant plays on the subtle nose. The tender red-currant fruit is enhanced by the very lively frothy mousse that fizzes away on the palate. This is light, fruit-driven, refreshing and easy—ideal as an enlivening apéritif.
This Pinot Noir, named for a particular soil type in the Willamette valley, is scented strongly of the lumber smell you get at a building supplies store. There is a simple but pleasing layer of strawberry/raspberry fruit hidden in the wine's core. Perhaps a year or two of bottle age will pull things together.
This is wonderfully exotic on the nose, blasting forth with waves of mango and peach, then settles down a bit on the palate, where the flavors are of honeyed peaches, dripping with nectar, framed by just enough citrus for balance. Moderately rich, with a long, squeaky-clean finish. Drink now–2025 or beyond.
Crisp, dry, and packed with red currants, this mineral-textured wine is ripe while also intensely crisp. Its acidity and taut character are delicious, refreshing and well in balance. The creamy mousse and lively aftertaste add to the brightness of the wine.
This 70-30 blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah brings fruit-filled aromas of plum, herb and cherry. It packs a mouthful of fruit flavors, with firm lightly astringent tannins providing support. It needs some time to stretch its legs.
Here's a Pinot Grigio that fulfills the variety's basic responsibilities of dryness, crispness and a clean mouthfeel. It's a drily brisk, racy wine, with suggestions of ripe pink grapefruit, lemongrass and honeysuckle.
A properly fruity 10-year-old tawny, balancing ripe fruit against fine, nutty character. It is fresh, on the sweet side, keeping a good layer of acidity.
This is the best Old School House in years. It really impresses with its length and depth of its flavors, offering a huge mouthful of blackberry jam, cherry pie and nutmeggy chocolate cocoa. High in alcohol but perfectly in balance.
Leathery plum and raspberry aromas are earthy and emphasize red-fruit qualities over black ones. A hard, tannic mouthfeel is drubbing, while a fully oaked flavor profile includes vanilla, butter and other oak-based notes in addition to raspberry and plum. A creamy, oaky flavor leads the way on a woody finish. Drink through 2030.
Made entirely with Sangiovese, this opens with aromas of black-skinned fruit, underbrush and a whiff of menthol. The lithe palate offers black wild cherry, crushed raspberry and white pepper alongside firm but polished tannins.
While the wine has weight, it also has intense mineral structure. It piles the citrus flavors over more notes of apples and apricots, a medley of fruits that are shaped into a firm, concentrated structure. The wine has acidity along with a light toast edge.
A rich blend of two Portuguese grapes and two French ones gives structure, rich tannins and a dark texture. Firm with a dry core, the wine is also ripe with berry fruits, concentration and the potential for aging. Ideally drink from 2017.
Lacks freshness; pickled and leathery, with heavy, bruising tannins. Dull, pounding flavors of plum and prune are short and fierce. Rough country wine.
This is sort of a second wine of the respected veteran winemaker, Nick Goldschmidt, who bottles his more expensive brand under his last name. But there's nothing second-rate about the wine. It's classic Alexander Valley, soft and a little herbal, and rich in cherry, red currant, licorice, sweet vanilla oak and peppery spice flavors. Lovely now, and with the integrity to evolve for a decade.
This Merlot/Cabernet value offering from Meek drinks very well. Fruit is solid and plentiful, a bowl of mixed cherries, stone fruits and plum. Nice chocolaty layering in the finish, which is smooth and creamy. Delicious.
Tastes almost as sweet as a dessert wine, with a glyceriney, sugary edge to the blackberries and chocolate. Too soft, too. The result is unbalanced.
Great entry, soft and seductive, with cherry and chocolate, but it dies quickly, fading into a delicate malted milk flavor. Re-tasted after being open for several hours, it had gained a little flesh, retained the milk chocolate flavors, but still seemed to need more bottle age to soften up the finish.
The softness of the 2007 vintage is already apparent in this wine. Generous aromas of ripe fruit, black cherry, leather and tobacco follow suit, and the wine is plush and velvety on the close. Hold for 10–15 more years.
Black currants and plums dominate this ripe, soft, open wine. There are delicious flavors of dark chocolate, spice and bacon, which add to the fruit. The tannins are subservient, lending support but not dominant.
89-91 Barrel sample. A full-bodied wine that lacks some definition. It has fatness, weight, but the freshness is not all there.
This attractive medium sweet wine has fresh acidity to balance the soft texture. It's an easy-to-drink wine that's ready now.
Mourvèdre dominates the 2008 Lia, with Grenache, Counoise and Syrah filling in the rest. Fragrant and plummy, it's a mouth-filling Rhône-style blend, with smooth, lightly chocolaty tannins.
This elegant red blend—the new flagship wine from Bedell—starts with a soft, juicy nose with hints of cedar and cinnamon. On the palate, a burst of cherry, plum and blackberry flavors mingle with spice and smooth tannins. The finish has an appealing spin of exotic spices. Though ready to drink now, the wine will benefit from a few years in the cellar, allowing its elements to even further integrate.
The richness of this wine reflects the warmth of the vintage. Ripe and full, it balances intense acidity with generous red fruits. A hint of pepper gives the wine a lift. Drink with food.
Pieluni Riserva is a superdense and rich expression of Montepulciano that could use another 3–5 years of aging. Oak spice aromas (the wine aged in French barrique for 18 months) are evident and will relax with time, ulimately revealing black fruit, cassis and sweet cinnamon spice.
Finely scented, with cherries, raspberries, rose petals and smoky oak, and nicely delicate, dry and light in the mouth. Could use more intensity, though.
A traditional blend of Grenache, Syrah and Mourvèdre, this medium-bodied rosé offers delicate floral aromas as well as some slightly confected bubble-gum scents. It's less overtly fruity on the palate, then finishes with a welcome burst of lime zest.
Shows the acidity and minerality that mark fine Dry Creek Sauvignon Blanc. The flavors are rich, suggesting lemons, limes, pineapples and vanilla cream. Could be drier, as it finishes with a honeyed sweetness.
Soft, supple and inviting, this is a beautifully executed Chianti Classico that puts as much emphasis on the quality of aromas as it does on the feel the wine imparts in the mouth. It's polished and plush with lingering notes of red fruit, spice and blue flowers.
Le Ellere is a tight and fresh expression of Sangiovese that delivers a clean and crisp quality of fruit. The wine's acidity makes it a perfect pairing for ravioli stuffed with ricotta cheese or chicken in cream sauce.
A good second-label effort, the Plowbuster starts out on the thin side, then expands through the midpalate. Cola and cherry flavors run the show, with an herbal accent to the tannins.
Dry, but too ripe to the point of overripeness, with the cherry jam and chocolate flavors veering into Port, particularly on the finish, where a caramelized raisin taste dominates. Drink now.
With fruit drawn from all over Burgundy, this is a light, bright and refreshing wine. It has light acidity, spice and apple flavors and a bright, tight aftertaste. Drink now.
The current release, 2003, is an excellent wine, but this vintage kicks it up a notch. It's brighter, fresher and more vibrant than its amply endowed precursor, bursting with peppery raspberries. Creamy and rich, yet wonderfully balanced, and while you could drink it now, it will also cellar well for 10-plus years.
Dark, dense and lush with rock, cracked pepper, Bing cherries, streaks of spice and mocha, this nicely aged and softened Merlot is full and open. The fruit is round and generous, the tannins polished, and the flavors wrapped in delicious baking spices.
This bubbly from Schramsberg has a deepish, salmon color and peach, melon and ginger cookie aromas. It combines crispness and finesse, fruit with complexity. Hints of almond, walnut and subtle spices come out on the lingering finish.
Sourced from the estate's Paderewski and Catapult vineyards, this blend of 32% Syrah, 25% Grenache, 25% Mourvèdre, 10% Tempranillo and 8% Zinfandel bursts with blackberry, baking spice, violet and Concord grape aromas. Framed by firm but ready tannins, the palate shows blackberry, cola, white pepper and dried lavender flavors.
Half and half Pinot Noir and Chardonnay, this elegant wine comes from Premier Cru vineyards. It's soft and creamy, indicating a high dosage. That is balanced by the crisp fruit and bright acidity that gives the wine a lift. It is a fresh wine, probably best drunk young and fruity.
Very sweet, this dessert wine has potent flavors of tangerines, apricots, honey, butterscotch and vanilla. Crisp acidity provides clean balance. Delicious and heady.
A warm, bold nose with leather, olive and herbs is a bit forced and heavy. In the mouth, this is big and round, with herbal, mildly green flavors of plum mixed with olive and mint. Soft and creamy on the finish.
The crown jewel of the winery's ice-style wines, it's gorgeously aromatic with notes of tropical mango and pineapple adorned with honey and blossoms. Dripping with nectar and yellow peach preserves, it's lusciously sweet, yet impeccably balanced with acidity and an elegant mineral tone that lingers on the finish.
South African winemaker Ernst Storm is one to watch. This bottling offers a smoky, black raspberry nose, with hints of brown mustard and beef char. There's tremendous energy on the palate, though it's rather light in body, with flavors of anise, black rocks approaching asphalt, and dark but not overly ripe plums. Solid tannins ensure more interesting drinking 2017–2025.
Salted lemon rinds, ice-cold apple, fresh-squeezed lime and white rocks show on this wine by the team of Mikey Giugni (Jack Creek Cellars) and Michael Brughelli (Bien Nacido). It's tight and bitter-leaning on the palate, with grapefruit pith and Brie cheese rind, but not overly sour, with some butter emergent on the finish. It makes for a complete experience.
Rich and pure in tropical fruit, pear and apricot flavors, this Chardonnay also has a sweet jacket of toasty oak. It's a fine wine, buttery and crisp in acidity. Drink now.
This is a nutty wine with flavors of hazelnuts and a mature character. The fruit has developed a honey flavor, keeping the acidity and an attractive spicy aftertaste. This ripe wine is ready to drink.
Very young when tasted, this 2005 Barolo shows excellent potential and quality of fruit. Mineral notes like black slate and ash are laced within plush aromas of white truffle, leather, tobacco and wet earth. The wine shows great intensity and impressive staying power. Drink after 2015.
Fragrant with exotic spices, dust and incense, this new reserve from Methven is a supple and nicely structured Pinot that offers berry and hard candy fruit flavors. There is a light sense of the soil included within, and the tannins are dark, almost smoky.
High Note reaches the high notes, the middle notes and the bass notes. It starts with dark berry aromas and clarity, while the palate is lively and fresh, with cherry and a light undercurrent of olive for flavors. A full, honest Malbec with size, character and balance.
This soft wine is full of red fruit. It has a fine balance of acidity and gentle tannins. From the fruity 2012 vintage, it's now ready to drink.
Packaged in a massively heavy glass bottle, Vigna della Corona is an important expression of Aglianico that deftly sets a touch of oak-derived against black fruit and prune notes. Savory flavors of wild mushroom, tobacco and smoke give the wine a masculine, brawny personality.
Though still quite youthful, this estate-grown Syrah brings concentrated boysenberry and blackberry fruit, annotated with anise, chocolate, caramel and coffee. It's a good mix of fruit and barrel flavors, and the  high alcohol is neither intrusive nor tiring.
Opens with aromas of black cherry, pepper, herbs and rubber. The palate is sort of flat and low in intensity, with smooth but basic flavors of vanilla and berry compote. Tastes sort of roasted and minty on the finish, but also full and sweet.
This is a crisp, minerally wine you could drink as an interesting alternative to Sauvignon Blanc. It's rich in citrus, apricot and floral flavors that finish with a honey, fruity flourish. Try with Asian fare.
Very dry, crisp and elegantly structured, this Pinot Noir can be had at a pretty good price. It has modest flavors of cherries, tobacco and spices, but is a little unripe, with hints of green tomato and white pepper.
Slightly reduced and showing plenty of barrel imprint, this vineyard designate is bold and grippy, its soft entry marked by clove spice and cigar. The fruit is a combination of plum and dark cherry, subtly wrapped in vanilla toast.
This second wine from Jorge Moreira's Poeira estate is dark, solid, structured and densely tannic. As a contrast, it also has ripe, full-bodied fruitiness, red berry acidity and ripe plums. While it could be drunk now with its delicious juiciness, it will be better from 2017.
A bit severe for present consumption, this is a lean, stony wine, enlivened by hints of green apple and lime. It's crisp and clean, making it possible to drink now, but its austerity suggests patience; try in 2010, when its angular minerals might be softened somewhat.
Hard-driving aromas of nettle, jalapeño, sea brine, wet stones and grapefruit set up a chunky palate with a ton of weight. Passion fruit, orange and controlled vegetal flavors are in harmony. Drink now.
Ripe aromas of cherry, spice and licorice pop, with the warmth of the vintage—along with just-in-check volatiles—showing. The cranberry and green herb flavors are tart and full, yet still show some elegance and persistence.
Comes down on the juicy, extracted, jammy side, like an Aussie Shiraz. The explosive flavors are of blackberries, cherry pie, chocolate, dates and smoky vanilla.
Dark toast and savory dried herbs persist from nose to finish on this barrel-fermented barrel-aged Chardonnay. Zesty lemon and green-apple notes on the midpalate are delicate in concentration but elegant and refreshing.
Gentle tannins and a streak of black pepper stand out in this well-crafted, powerful wine. It offers up pillowy texture and just enough grip to remain seamless and compelling on the palate. Moderate acidity adds structure and brightness to the concentrated black fruit.
Solid fruit anchors this value offering. The Cabernet is enhanced with 6% Petit Verdot, creating a fairly tannic wine that is loaded with herbal highlights, along with licorice, clove, vanilla and tobacco.
Full-bodied wine, with textured and layering tannins as well as red fruits. The wine has weight, a complex herbal and spice character as well as final fruitiness and tense acidity. A wine for aging over six months to a year.
In a Bordeaux tradition, this is the second wine from this Douro quinta. Wood aging and ripe berry fruits have combined to make an accessible wine that's soft and open. It is made to be drunk young and is ready now.
Very fresh and vibrant, filled with zesty pear, citrus and pineapple fruit. Just a pleasure to drink, balancing lush fruit with zippy acids. Hints of apples and butter linger in the background.
There's no oak on this wine, so it depends on the natural flavors of the grapes. And how good they are. Rich and opulent in pineapples, lemons, oranges, honeysuckle flowers and vanilla, the wine is brightened with crisp acidity.
Pineapple, peach, ripe melon and sweet orange oil lead the way on this fresh, unoaked Chard. It's easy-drinking and clean with a medium-weight mouthfeel and a bright, mouthwatering finish. Drink now.
Produced with advice from the late Denis Dubourdieu who was instrumental in revolutionizing Bordeaux white wines, this is impressive. The wood aging is just right, giving toast and allowing the ripe fruits to blossom and smooth out. The wine will age well, so don't drink before 2020.
All Maresh vineyard grapes are behind this gorgeous and feminine Pinot, with soft and evocative scents of truffle, chocolate and raspberry. Brilliant winemaking that takes all the elements of great Oregon fruit and puts them into unique focus, with winemaker Kelley Fox's trademark blend of biodynamic earthy/fungal flavors, elegant berry/cherry fruit, and just a touch of milk chocolate. The alcohol just reaches 13%.
A big, smooth, ripe wine, with rich raspberry-jam flavors and just gently dry tannins. This blend of Merlot with some Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon comes from vineyards 1,500 feet in the Limoux hills, yet it has the richness of a wine from warmer climate. Wood and spices add interest and richness.
The Quarts de Chaume are four ridges that jut out into the Layon valley, subject to botrytis because of the mists that come from the valley floor. This fine example is smooth, opulent and unctuous in character, a richly sweet wine. It is full of noble rot while also exhibiting the all-important acidity. Honey, ripe peaches, pineapple are still prominent. Give it 5–7 years. Screwcap.
A tremendous Cabernet, one of the last to come from the great 2007 vintage. Drinking perfectly now, it's a soft, smooth sipper, with lush flavors of blackberries, blueberries, cherries, cocoa and cedar. The addition of Merlot brings a soft, mellowed mouthfeel. Picking up bottle bouquet at the age of four, it will continue to gain traction for many years.
The relatively unknown Côte de Léchet vineyard is on the southern bank of the Serein river, which gives it a cool exposure. The result in 2006 is a wine that is light, delicate, floating on fresh green fruits and honeyed toast. It needs food, with its crisp, fine finish.
Dominated by Cabernet Sauvignon, this is a firm, rich expression of the vintage. It has firm tannins, with a mineral edge and a black currant flavor. The wine, which takes part of its name from the gravelly soil, has a toasty wood character that plays a fine supporting role. Age for five years or more.
Fresh green pear and hints of ivy on nose and palate create a light-bodied, friendly, easy-drinking summer white. Zippiness and fruitiness are the hallmarks. Drink as soon as possible while fruit flavors are at their peak.
This clean and leesy Chardonnay was fermented half in stainless, half in neutral oak. Its flavors are apple, melon and celery, with a lightly beery, textural mouthfeel that refreshes and lingers. Just a hint of toast comes up on the finish.
A very soft, fruity wine, with a gentle, creamy texture and light acidity. It's fresh with vanilla and pear flavors, and ready to drink.
The aromas are unusual, with notes of mandarin orange, apricot, tin and herb. The palate is sweet and fleshy, showing a brightness of fruit flavor.
Hearty aromas of mixed berries, chocolate, earth, barnyard and spice lead to a smooth, dry, medium-bodied wine packed with flavor. Blueberry, strawberry, chocolate, earth and spice all play an integral part in the overall package. A highly drinkable wine that will also pair well with a various assortment of foods.
This Chardonnay shows flashy orange, pineapple, peach and honey flavors, enriched with the buttered toast of oak barrels. The texture is creamy smooth.
Bright and plump, very lively Sangiovese fruit. There's smooth richness and great staying power to the wine's black fruit and exotic spice.
Signorello turns to this esteemed vineyard to produce a very good, ageable Pinot Noir. It's dry and silky and a little aloof now, with some stubborn tannins overshadowing the delicious cherry, currant, licorice and spice flavors. Give it through 2009 to come into its own.
Shows lovely complexity on the nose, blending floral notes with spice and herbs. This is light on its feet, verging on delicate, yet delivers plenty of flavor. Silky tannins and a long finish suggest this has the balance to age, despite not being a massive blockbuster. Elegant. Imported by Station Imports Inc.
Apartado, a high-flying Bordeaux blend of Malbec, Cabernet and Merlot, shows up only occasionally, but when it does it shines. This vintage is stunning; the black cherry and wild berry flavors are lively and honest, while the wine's structure is just where it should be. With a juicy steak or lamb chops, this wine will bowl you over.
The essence of jalapeños may be found in this new-wave Sauvignon Blanc. Unfortunately, that’s pretty much all there is. It’s a bit simple and even seems a bit hollow or overcropped, with a short finish.
Lightly floral on the nose, this medium-bodied Riesling (12.5% alcohol) picks up notes of fresh greens and apples on the palate alongside plenty of bright citrus flavors. Despite over 6g/L residual sugar, crisp acidity keeps the finish fresh. Imported by Via Pacifica Imports.
A strongly wood aged wine, powered by tannins and dense fruits, it is concentrated and still young enough for the wood to show through although the fruit is developing well. This is a structured wine that will need plenty of time to age so drink from 2018.
Similarly to it's Virgin Berry sibling, Roth's regular label Dry Riesling has a distinctly green, woodsy tone lending an alpine feel to sweet-tart peach and apricot flavors. It's brisk and fine-footed, yet zesty tangerine and grapefruit acidity persist long on the finish.
Soft, ripe quince and pear flavors are lifted by the presence of pink grapefruit. The wine has weight as well, the ripe Sauvignon blossoming in the glass. It's crisp, while also having a rounder profile.
Closed up and firm with a hint of vanilla, honey and refined acidity. There is some crispness here, green apples and a plum skin character. This is going to be serious Chardonnay; the minerality already in evidence.
A sensational value, the grapes come from top vineyards that generally command high prices. Tobacco and cherry scents roll smoothly into a rich, dense palate loaded with kirsch, crème de cassis and framboise flavors. The fruit is concentrated, sappy and deep.
Light and sweet to the nose, with aromas of honey, which isn't normal for the usually zesty, citrusy Verdejo. Pear and apple are the dominant flavors on a palate that's more smooth and lush than racy and snappy. Strange in how it's almost creamy.
Showy and rich, it features lots of tasty oak influence and ripe, generous fruit flavors, but it doesn't go over the top. This is full-bodied, broad in texture and not too tannic. Made from mature, hillside vines, it's especially impressive in this challenging vintage.
One of just a handful of varietal bottlings made in the state, this wine offers aromas of white pepper, fresh vegetables and flowers. It drinks dry with elegantly styled fruit flavors.
Nice wine. Made from the area where Russian River Valley meets Alexander Valley, the wine shows warm-climate ripeness and cool-climate acidity. Bursts with juicy lime, fig and melon flavors leading to a dry, white peppery finish.
There are enticing hints of berries and cream on the bouquet. On the palate, a floral note mingles with apple, lemon and just a dash of vanilla spice. This is full bodied and substantial in structure.
Just two barrels were made of this Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and Merlot blend; each bottle is hand-numbered. As you would expect from this fast-rising Walla Walla winery, it is high-powered, full-flavored, and balances its ripe, tangy cherry fruit with plenty of chocolatey oak. Tannins are just slightly green, and some earth and bark accents highlight the finish.
This red is a hunting lodge in a glass, with aromas of leather, game, cigar and cedar on the nose, followed by flavors of blueberry, cigar box and vanilla on the palate. Pair this with earthy fare, such as steak, grilled duck or dried sausage.
This doesn't taste quite ripe, with vegetal flavors marring the raspberry and cherry notes. Otherwise, it shows a softly tannic mouthfeel.
From a vineyard tucked into the heart of the appellation, this bottling is hearty but not overripe, offering brawny black cherry, gingersnap, clove and crushed graphite scents on the nose. Subtle eucalyptus flavor leads the palate, crescendoing into warmer red cherry and baked cranberry notes, followed by licorice and thyme, and culminating in a vanilla -laced finish.
A wisp of smoke lends a sultry tone to fresh pear in this dry, supple wine. It's ripe and rich on the palate, but maintains the lean, steely acidity ubiquitous to this vintage. Finishes long with rolling mineral notes.
This delivers textbook aromas of candied berry, tobacco, cured meat, teriyaki, cinnamon and Spanish cedar. There's a touch of heat on the finish that is cushioned by the wine's rich density and velvety mouthfeel.
This longtime Carneros producer sources from dozens of its own blocks to put together this estate Chardonnay. Intense in floral aromas as well as peach and lemon, it's dusted only slightly in clove and a light barrel imprint. Bright on the tongue and on the finish, it's a food-friendly wine that will complement.
A fine effort. This Clare Pinot Gris has a slight coppery tinge, and is dominated by apples and pears on both nose and palate. It's juicy at palate entry, but quickly moderated by a dry, fine minerally feel. Finishes with tart sour cherry and citrus flavors. Tastes, in a way, like a still version of a very nice Champagne.
A luscious and superior California bubbly, this blend of Pinot Noir and Chardonnay shows an irresistable richness of raspberry purée, cherry skin bitterness, vanilla, yeasty baked bread and something unidentifiably smoky-sweet. Yet it's bone dry. With a long, complex finish, it should continue to age beyond this, its tenth birthday.
Made in a traditional style with no evident new oak, leathery, meaty notes balance dusty earth and sour plums on the nose, while the palate is full, round and richly textured. Finishes with dark, savory notes of coffee and black olives. Drink now–2017.
This has fruity aromas of red cherry that carry over to the light-bodied no-frills palate along with a peppery note. It's simple, with easygoing, rather fleeting tannins.
From a challenging vintage, this wine matches the intensity of barrel-fermentation and aging with potent grapefruit notes. The mouthfeel is creamy and lush, while the flavors of oak spice and citrus linger easily on the finish. Fully mature; drink up.
Superripe in black cherry, cola and mocha flavors enhanced with smoky oak, this is soft, but quite elegant. It's not an ager, but has a full-bodied richness that suggests steaks and chops.
A blend of 26% Roussanne, 25% Chardonnay, 19% Grenache Blanc, 17% Chenin Blanc and 13% Viognier, this is a complex and layered wine. A soft flinty character lies atop a rich bouquet of yellow apple, ripe green melon, tangerine and honeycomb. The medium-weight palate offers both weight and refinement, with a smooth texture and ripe fruit flavors that are cut by ample acidity and lingering sweet-spice accents. Drink now–2019.
Grapefruit and passion fruit aromas are muddled and not bright. This blend of Sauvignon Blanc and the juice of Carmenère feels wide but amorphous. Pink grapefruit and generic tang make for a simple but unexciting flavor profile.
One of the top wines from Henri Bourgeois, this is rich and ageworthy. Its green and white fruits push through a concentrated structure to give a dense wine with ripeness and great elegance.
This vintage seems to have taken a step forward compared to past years. It's bright pink in color, with tight, salinic aromas of cherry and apple skins. Tastes tangy and crisp, with plum, nectarine and citrus flavors. Real good for the price.
A heavy-handed Chardonnay, sugary sweet in granola pear, pineapple, roasted nut, honey, butterscotch and vanilla cream flavors. Everything's good except that excessive sweetness, which makes the finish common.
This is top drawer—elegant, detailed and richly varietal. The fruit is tart and tangy but not sour or thin. Mixed green fruits, apple, citrus, and a lightly toasty nose set up a wine with impressive length. The midpalate richness includes ripe melon, butterscotch and cinnamon spice. It's all barrel-fermented in neutral oak. This is a real strength of the brand.
Deep, ripe, smooth blackberry, prune, cola and earth aromas are elegant and harmonious. This small-lot Malbec (50 cases made) shows ripeness and freshness on the palate as well as lightly roasted blackberry, cassis and chocolate flavors. A firm, dry, on-the-money finish is the final note in this wine's well-sung chorus. Drink through 2018.
Rich, sweet-tasting flavors of black cherry jam, licorice and cedar abound in this dry, tannic Merlot. It feels a bit rough on the palate, so let it breathe in a decanter before drinking.
Light but staunch cherry and cassis aromas are infused with herb and spice notes. This is tight in feel, with bracing tartaric acidity that results in surface-level flavors of red-berry fruits. Racy, mildly green notes are present on a snappy, hot finish.
La Marca delivers a fresh and easy-drinking Prosecco that would wash down beautifully with bruschetta topped with cherry tomatoes and basil. This luminous sparkling wine is redolent of white peach and honey and offers a touch of sweetness on the bubbly finish.
Here's a good, everyday Cab if you're looking for a bargain. It's dry, tannic and earthy, with suggestions of currants and oak.
Off dry, with green herbs and candy corn on the nose. Stays the course on the palate, with sweetness and just enough offsetting zest. Best for fans of sweet wines. Imported by Freixenet USA.
Polished and flavorful, and a good price for this wealth of creamy pineapples, limes and peaches. Really rich all the way through to the spicy finish.
When Andre Lurton bought Couhins in 1970, he followed a long-established Bordeaux tradition and added his name to the name of the property. This is a delicious, grassy wine, 100% Sauvignon Blanc, with flavors of pink grapefruit, along with some spice from wood aging. There is firm acidity to the finish.
A brawny wine, it leads with ripe berry, underbrush, toast and leather aromas. The juicy palate offers sweet wild cherry and black raspberry accented with notes of mint, thyme, black pepper and hint of coffee alongside bracing tannins. Drink 2015–2021.
Of all the excellent Genium 2010s, this is the only one that's a bit stalky on the nose. It's also rubbery smelling, with tight-grained oak scents and earth notes. Hard, tannic and without much cushion, this Garnacha-led blend tastes earthy, stalky and of high-toned plum and currant with lemony oak. A bold, tannic finish says this will last through about 2024.
From the estate's Tenuta di Budonetto property, this warm-climate Sauvignon Blanc shows intense aromas of peppermint, chopped basil and medicinal herb. It won't be loved by everyone, but this wine is distinctive.
This delivers a bit of extra grip and weight compared to the widely-available Three Vineyard bottling. Pear and peach fruit flavors are lightly toasty, leading into a full-flavored midpalate and a medium-long finish.
Very good, but the sort of Cabernet with rough, briary edges. Black plum and earth aromas come before the plum-skin and briary flavors. A little hard on the palate, but offers up bright red fruit (strawberry, raspberry) on the finish.
Ignore the sediment in this unfiltered wine and find vibrant fruit aromas, fresh and zesty red-fruit flavors and a vivid acidity that creates good balance. It has a light to medium color, bright cherry and cranberry flavors, moderate tannins and a fairly rich texture.
Earthy and spicy up front, with modest heat and floral aromas. There's not much structure or body here, but it's juicy and just tasty enough due to good candied berry and plum flavors. A regular but steady everyday Cab.
The nose is pungent, juxtaposing pretty white floral, grapefruit and pineapple tones against musky, slightly sweaty notes. Dry and bristling on the palate, it's marked by lemon-lime acidity framing crisp honeydew and green plum flavors.
Roast beef, black currant, caked purple flowers, caramel and fudge come together on the wondrous nose of this blend of 75% Merlot and 25% Cabernet Sauvignon. Strong chocolate flavors kick off the palate, followed by blueberry, violet, espresso, dill and licorice, all clinging to sticky, mouthcoating tannins. It delivers lots of body and power.
An opulent red wine, this has dark aromas of bitter chocolate, prune, plum, blackberry, tobacco, spice and rum cake. It shows plump, round extraction in the mouth, which helps soften the variety's tannins.
Violets, blackberries and espresso beans whirl together into a delicious, silky nose on this wine by Josh Baker and Matt Brain. It's similarly luxurious on the palate, soft and sensual with lots of boysenberry and olallieberry. It also shows a peppery licorice spice, boosted by focused acidity that enlivens every part of the tongue.
There's no questioning how rich and delicious this Cabernet is. It's dazzling in ripe blackberry jam and cocoa flavors, with riper, more concentrated black currants, as well as plenty of toasty new oak. In the dark fruits and superb tannins, as well as the overall balance, the wine defines Oakville Cabernet. Ready to drink now and over the next 6–8 years.
Very recognisably Pinot Noir, even if not Burgundian, this is an earthy wine that is full of spice and secondary, mature flavors. It is rich and impressively full while keeping the perfumed Pinot character. The wine, from a portion of the Château Montus vineyard, is ready to drink.
This is a jammy, fruity Valpolicella Classico with strawberry and blackberry aromas followed by coffee and mocha. It shows a soft, mature mouthfeel with some heat on the close.
This tastes overripe and Port-like. The flavors are of raisins, currants, licorice and sweet caramelized oak. This is unlikely to evolve positively, so drink now.
A clear choice for those who prefer mineral expression over fruit character, this Pinot opens with notes of seasoned leather, tar and cigarette tobacco. The concentrated palate is dense; notes of smoke lead to a long, earthy finish shot through with drying tannins.
This unoaked Chardonnay offers great complexity at an affordable everyday price. It's dry and elegantly balanced with crisp acids. Rich flavors of pineapples, Meyer lemons, limes and vanilla  hardly need wood for richness.
Savory and satisfying, this is one of the best Pinot Grigios at this price point. It shows real class, with brisk acidity framing flavors of lemons, limes, mangoes and honey. Perfect for drinking with today's Asian, Indian, Ethiopian and Mexican fare, or on its own as an apéritif.
Pressed iris, scorched earth, ripe berry and cake spice lead the way. The juicy palate delivers wild cherry, raspberry, clove, cinnamon and tobacco alongside fresh acidity and polished tannins. It's almost approachable but will be even better in a couple of years. Drink 2017–2022.
Lush and aromatic, with ripe pear and melon fruit, sweet spices and a streak of vanilla. The 20% new oak seems just right, and the flavors persist through a seductively long finish.
A beautiful, rich, elegant, fancy sparkling wine. Feels so fine in the mouth, all silk and satin, with deep, dry raspberry, strawberry, vanilla, toast, yeasty lees, brioche and honey flavors. Superb, but young. Needs time. Give it until 2011, if you can keep your hands off, and should develop until 2015, if not longer.
Syrahs are plentiful in Washington, but not in such quantities. Inevitably, some of the nuances of site and vintage have been smoothed over. What remains is a textbook version of the grape as it shows across the varied Columbia Valley. Smooth and supple, its satiny mix of blueberry and vanilla cream offer a fine introduction to the style. The tannins have grip and a hint of green tea flavor.
This is a blend of 67% Merlot grown in Carneros with 33% Cabernet Franc from Atlas Peak. Tense in bittersweet clove, tea and big, extracted tannins, it settles down midpalate to reveal an underlying crispness of red fruit.
This is a very big, powerfully extracted Pinot Noir. It is not currently showing much varietal character. Feels like it was made by someone who knows how to make Cabernet, and brings that mindset to Pinot. The wine is full-bodied, thick, heavy and enormously concentrated in raspberries and cherries. Could change over time, but there's not much point in aging it.
Here's a 100% expression of Sangiovese that opens with jammy fruit aromas of ripe blackberry and strawberry. There are spice, earth and smoke notes at the back but that mature fruit sits firmly in center stage. The mouthfeel is soft, easy and slightly sweet.
This 100% varietal wine opens in crayon wax, pencil lead and black pepper. Brooding acidity complements the big, ripe fruit and sizable tannins, accented by hints of dried tobacco and cinnamon. This wine could stand a decant, vigorous swirl or cellaring, through 2028.
Light and fruity, a wine with touches of typical Cabernet Franc perfume. The wine is dry, crisp with raspberry flavors and a spicy, fresh aftertaste. Screwcap.
This Rhône blend is based on Syrah. It's a typically soft, lush and slightly sweet Paso Robles red wine, with easy flavors of red currants, raspberries, cherries, chocolate, beef jerky and pepper.
This esteemed winery's annual bubbly is crafted much like its still Chardonnays, showing focused aromas of chalk, lemon zest and a telltale brie cheese rind dairy element. It's very yeasty and slightly sour on the mouthwateringly sharp palate, with squeezed limes, lemon pith and underripe kumquat flavors.
From Pisoni, a slightly sweet, crisp, fun blush wine that's filled with ripe Pinot character. It's all about cherries, strawberries, vanilla and mint, offset by refreshing acids.
Grassy, herbal tones are upfront on the nose of this bright Sauvy, with supporting fruity notes of grapefruit peel, lime, white melon and underripe peach. The palate is fresh and vibrant, with ample acidity and a mild, pithy bitterness to the medium-length finish.
A tasty, lighter style of Pinot Noir, it offers fresh cherry and raspberry aromas, juicy fruit flavors and a delicate texture. There's enough complexity to keep you coming back for another sip.
Surprisingly, this seems quite light at first, with strawberry and cranberry fruit flavors, and a fair amount of acidity. Give it a few hours of breathing time and it gains flesh. The wine spent 19 months in a combination of American and French oak (two-thirds new).
This is the last Wild Sky to be crafted by now-departed winemaker Gordy Hill. It's a full-on Bordeaux blend, 88% Cabernet Sauvignon, with the other four grapes filling in the rest. Substantial and mouth-filling, it displays a mix of black fruits, black olive, and Italian herbs. The mouthfeel is satisfying and the finish edged with dark chocolate.
A very savory take on this close Zinfandel cousin, this bottling shows dried herb, peppercorn, forest floor and dessicated red fruit aromas. The palate is a tad riper, with black cherry and cola flavors, spiced with black pepper and more herbs, including oregano and marjoram.
Chiarlo tends to be one of the more reliable producers in Piedmont, and this comes across as a pleasant everyday wine. The fruit is very ripe, bordering on the superripe; but on the palate, the wine has some interesting flavors, dark cherry fruit and hints of licorice and green olive.
This is an attractive, juicy fruity wine With its red-cherry flavors, it is smooth and perfumed. There is just the right amount of acidity to keep the freshness right up front. Drink now.
A gold colored wine, it is honeyed, almost as if touched by botrytis. It's full and rich with a syrupy texture, very smooth, the spice is completely sublimated by the mature character and some fragrant final acidity. It's ready to drink.
All Syrah, this blend of Yakima Valley and Wahluke Slope fruit offers aromas and flavors of cocoa, vanilla, pepper and dark cherry. The pleasing interplay of fruit and barrel comes with a soft, pillowy feel.
The dryness, crispness and overall elegance of this Pinot Noir make it compelling. It's a miracle how it manages to be so low in alcohol, yet so rich. Dusty Asian spices like nutmeg and cinnamon accentuate flavors of mashed red cherries, red currants, cola and cedar, with a tease of rosehip tea. Shows extraordinary tension. Drink now–2012.
A finely made wine that is smooth and ripe. With a mix of citrus. melon and tropical fruits, it is balanced, touched by light wood aging, and feels rich while also elegant. The wine can be drunk in the next year, giving a delicious fruity character.
Soft and fruity, this is an attractively textured wine. It has young fruitiness and needs time to fill out and reveal the structure and the minerality that are there. Drink from the end of 2014.
A swaggering, slightly traditional holdover from the amazing 2001 vintage. This wine delivers cumin, pepper, turned earth and vanilla-infused berry aromas in front of a juicy, forward, complex palate featuring prime red-berry flavors along with hints of red pepper flake and tobacco. It still shows ample oak and vanilla but the fruit quality, tannins and structure can handle it. Drink now–2015.
Intriguing—but strange—stuff, with herbal-grassy aromas and a smoky note, then more weird herbal notes on the palate, including dill and pine resin. Seems a touch sweet, then turns drying on the finish. An adventure in biodynamic winemaking.
Fruity aromas of wild berry meld together with whiffs of violet, tilled earth and dark spice on this young juicy red. The round savory palate doles out ripe black cherry, black berry, white pepper and a hint of licorice alongside supple tannins. It's easygoing and made to be drunk young so enjoy soon.
Returning to a robust, forward style in 2014, this is loaded with black cherry and mocha flavors. There's a touch of charred wood, and alcohol approaching 15%—this is no wimpy wine. It spent 11 months in 40% new wood.
This small, family-run estate in the heart of Bolgheri has delivered a wine so beautiful and elegant, it is catapulted to the level of landmark vintages of its celebrated neighbors, Sassicaia and Ornellaia. Inky concentration sets the stage for generous, but perfectly integrated, aromas of spice, chocolate and dark fruit. There's firm roundness in the mouth, followed by unforgettable persistence. Hold this wine 15 years or more.
Nice flavors, with cherry-pie filling, raspberry, root beer, gingerbread, smoke and vanilla spice flavors. But it's made in an exaggerrated modern style, so soft and apparently sweet that it really fails to find balance.
The bouquet bursts with ripe black-fruit aromas, alongside hints of crushed violet petals. The mouthfeel is round and filling, with a chocolaty flavor that stays through to the finish.
Intense notes of ripe red and baked apples make a strong impression. The palate is rich with the same baked apple along with a touch of honey and gingerbread. The yeasty flavors of autolysis provide an ideal backdrop for this structured, grown-up and classy wine. The finish is totally dry and wonderfully long.
Made using grapes from the celebrated Montegradella cru, this easy red offers quality fruit aromas of black cherry, cassis and jammy blackberry. On the finish, a spice note and a light shade of tobacco are recognizable.
Opens with red fruit aromas that are like a million other generic red wines, while the body has size, grab and stickiness. Flavors of cola, cherry, cassis and plum are red in nature and basically good, while the finish is candied but not overly so. An everyman's Cabernet in every sense of the word.
A slightly milky note dampens the citrus flavors on the nose, a similar notion presents itself on the palate. There is lemon freshness and a streak of immense purity at the core, finishing with a slender but definite lemon note. Very clean-cut.
Gummy, rough and huge, with woody aromas, muddled red fruit and a ton of kick. The palate is narrow and grippy, with tarry, concentrated blackberry and wild berry flavors. There isn't much body or complexity to it; it's full-force, tannic and raw. Shows why Petit Verdot isn't usually made into a varietal wine.
This luminous Lugana (presented in a very elegant transparent bottle) boasts bright aromas of peach, light apricot tones and lemon zest backed by white mineral tones. In the mouth, the wine is generous and full with deliciously integrated acidity and sweet fruit.
After a subtle, nutty opening, we get more intensity in the mouth, with honey, clove and graham cracker flavors coming through. The texture here is opulent while the finish offers up forthright notes of caramel, lemon and cut apple that hang around just long enough. Drink or hold one or two years.
This wine shows a tough unripeness that makes it hard to appreciate. There's a green peppercorn edge to the raspberries and cherries that accentuates the dryness and acids, and makes the tannins feel metallic. Still, it does display Bien Nacido elegance. Hard to see this wine aging, so drink soon.
Soft, integrated but structured flavors of pepper, red fruit and spice come together on this simple Shiraz. A minerally backbone offers poise, while fresh, friendly fruit flavors suggest a great wine to sip solo or pair with grilled meat.
This wine starts out with a serious ethyl acetate (nail polish remover) problem but cleans up with aeration. Aromas here are sweet and a bit candyish—sour apple, spiced pear and watermelon flavors that lead to a pleasant, flowery palate. Quite off-dry, with a shortish finish of orange blossom. Drink now.
Subtitled Vin de Lune, moon wine, because the grapes were harvested at night. That has allowed the wine to preserve its freshness with lively acidity and fresh red currant flavors.
Initial wafts of cannabis-like herbs quickly emerge into lime pith, limestone, struck match and oyster shells, with white flowers and yeastiness showing as well. There's a vivid tension between tart apple flesh and citrus pith on the palate, with lemon curd and pineapple elements arriving over time. Sit on this until 2017 so the acid can mellow, then drink through 2027.
Made up of 56% Cabernet Sauvignon and 36% Tempranillo, this wine offers an intensity of leather and dark plum, a whiff of smoky tobacco hanging in the background, too. With a pronounced tannic structure and big finish, it's a burly wine made for burly barbecue-inspired meals.
The beautiful perfume that unites tangerine peel and apple, lemon and blossom makes for an inviting nose. The palate brims with the same generous and utterly fruit-driven flavors. This is Riesling at its most charming. The finish is off dry, but all the more fruit driven for that.
Aromas suggesting damp earth and crushed gravel lead the nose while the extremely diluted, short palate shows the barest hint of lemon juice. This is about as basic as a wine can be.
Powerful and structured, this wine is made from fruit sourced from a vineyard that is almost completely surrounded by some of Burgundy's greatest grand crus. The wine is juicy, and its ripe fruits pour through the dense tannins, making this feel balanced already, but this is a wine for long-term aging.
This Chard's nose has pleasing butterscotch and cream aromas (that were somehow light enough to almost smell like a Sauvignon Blanc); sadly, the rest of the wine couldn't live up to the promising bouquet. Oak is the dominant flavor on the tangy, hot palate; there's high acidity in the mouth and on the back end. Pucker, pucker.
Hailing from Verhey Vineyard in the Rattlesnake Hills, the Syrah from this Idaho producer has notes of cherry cola, chocolate, and medicine cabinet. It's full throttle with palate coating chocolate notes and tart fruit flavors along with a surprising amount of tannins.
The bouquet of this wine shows condensed fruit notes of green apple and lemon pith, with a slight nuance of vanilla on the nose. Full bodied and creamy on the palate, it exhibits balanced acidity on the finish.
Citrus and melon-rind aromas lead to off-dry, medium-bodied fruit flavors. The concentration comes off as quite light.
This is a purely varietal, estate-grown wine from Mount George, cave-aged for nearly two years in all-new French oak. Generously expansive on the palate, it offers full-bodied richness around a thoughtful layering of clove, juicy black cherry and savory red currant, lingering on the finish.
Has some ripe peach and pear fruit and an oaky veneer, but can't overcome its rustic mouthfeel. The tannins are apparent. Finishes bitter.
Clean, fresh and fruity, this is soft and off dry, with red fruits and the softest texture. A fresh shot of acidity marks the end.
The 2007 vintage was generally a great one for Bordeaux-style reds in Stellenbosch, and the Els Signature definitely demonstrates it. Sure, it's ripe and sexy with a lot of sweet oak characteristics like cocoa powder and smoky wood, but it's got the ripe fruit core of black plum and dark forest berries to back it up. Spicy layers of leather, cigar box and black tea leaves add complexity to the palate, while chewy tannins provide a firm structure. A bit young now, so try after 2015.
Vines planted in 1934 are behind this smooth and concentrated wine. It has red-berry crispness as well as a cool crisp texture from acidity and tannins. With aging potential, the wine is perfumed and still firm. Drink from 2019.
A dark color and a soft nose with woodsy cherry scents form the greeting on this Brazilian Pinot Noir. Despite being dark and seemingly dense, this feels scalped and high in acidity. Dry but bland flavors of plum and black cherry are slightly bitter prior to a modest finish.
Strong and oaky but not particularly subtle or complex. It's impressive for its sheer power, offering blasts of buttered toast, butterscotch, pineapple and orange jam and vanilla, wrapped up in a creamy texture.
Rich and smoky, this is developing into a deliciously ripe wine. The tannins are already in balance with the plum juice flavors of the fruit, giving sweetness as well as power. Dark, intense, but very accessible.
Marked by its sturdy structure, which is a combination of fine acidity and broad, linear tannins, this Merlot also is very dry, and needs rich fare to play against. It has a deep core of currant, dark chocolate and red plum flavors. Now through 2010.
An interesting blend, with 10% Petit Verdot. The PV puts a rich and evocative bouquet front and forward—a lush and seductive mix of incense, cinnamon, Asian spice and coffee cream. You are saying yum before you take a sip. The fruit tastes young and clean, raspberries and strawberries and Rainier cherries, with enough acid to keep it lively and fresh. Drinking well now, but give it another three or four years and it should fill out perfectly.
A rounded, ripe wine, this is packed with yellow fruits and touched with melon softness. It has toast as well as a mineral texture that give strong backing to the ripe fruitiness. This is likely to develop quickly, drink from 2019.
Gutsy and full-bodied, this small-production wine offers more structure than usual, its bright acidity and ripe tannins in full support of the tasty red and black cherry flavors. With earth, beef and oak nuances, it will taste great with hearty proteins, especially after some cellaring. Best after 2020.
Made from organically farmed vineyards, with native yeast and old barrels, this wine is a melting pot of bright cranberry and raspberry, smoke, toast, florals and sweet herbs. Medium bodied, with silky tannins, and plenty of terroir expression, it's well priced to boot. A win all around.
This old-vine (planted 1972) Pinot offers delicate, yet complex details throughout the palate. It's elegant winemaking at its best—a pinpoint mix of herb, stone, berry and barrel—seamless and precise. Despite (or perhaps because of?) the low alcohol, this has the potential to age; try after 2018.
Pommery's light, almost ethereal style seems to have survived its many changes of ownership. A fine toasty character marks this delicious, crisp, refreshing Champagne. Imported by W. J. Deutsch & Sons.
For those with a classical bent, Clos Teddi is named after Thetis, sea goddess and mother of Achilles. This rosé, appropriately, summons up lunch by the ocean, with its crisp, fresh, dry strawberry and pink grapefruit flavors, just touched by caramel.
Smooth and supple, this has pretty, nicely ripened red fruit flavors. The mouthfeel is delicate, almost lacy.
Rich, ripe and flashy, with honey, pineapple and orange jam and toasty oak flavors. It's brightened with crisp acidity. With some heat from alcohol, it's deliciously approachable now.
Drinkable and enjoyable, and a varietal wine that you just don't run across often. Aromas are of dried plums and dates, with peanut and eucalyptus. Juicy on palate entry, its  plum fruit round and pretty on the palate. Dry on the finish.
Ripe peach aromas come with mild oxidized notes and waxy apple scents. This is mouthfilling yet fresh in feel, with punchy acidity. Flavors of baked, spiced apple are a touch briny, and continued similarly to the balanced finish.
Made solely from purchased grapes, Colombo's 2004 Côte-Rôtie is a commendable effort that seems a touch delicate. Blueberry fruit fades on the finish, replaced by dustings of wood spice. Drink now.
This affordable bottling from sustainably minded vineyards is a good everyday dinner wine. It offers violet and blackberry on the nose and a lush feel in the mouth, with black cherry and soft tannins.
Sweet and sour, with simple pineapple, mint and orange flavors, and a cut of tart acidity.
From a difficult vintage, this is an admirable effort that just can't stand up to those surrounding it. Chocolate and green tobacco aromas and flavors, a more angular mouthfeel and tougher, more rustic finish add up to fewer points on our scorecards.
A sweet-fruited wine with flavors of raisins and dried cherries along with fresh red berry fruit and acidity. The wine has some structure and an attractive lightness.
Very dark, very rich and nicely dry, this is a concentrated wine with gobs of fruit flavor enhanced by luscious chocolate and coffee notes. The texture is full of fine-grained tannins and the body is full. A lot of the density and texture comes from 53% Petite Sirah.
A solid effort, dry, tannic and rich in fruit. It's succulent in blackberries, black currants, crême de cassis, dark chocolate and plums, with an overlay of toasty oak. It shows the modern, fruit-forward Napa style.
This wine from the recently approved El Pomar District is tropically perfumed with lychee candy and a hint of passionfruit. Bouncy acidity on the front of the palate leads into red apple fruit and citrus skin bitterness, and wipes up with a zing on the palate.
Black fruit, leather and licorice aromas are draped all over this heavyweight Cabernet Franc. It feels tannic, with aggressive flavors of bullish black fruit. This is flavorful at every point, but hard and abrasive in feel.
Delicious, almost dry rosé, with spice, sweet strawberries and a texture of bright berry skins. There is some depth here, flavors that go right through the wine, finishing with vivid acidity.
This hearty Brunello delivers minty, green notes that help to bring it alive despite the 2003 heat. Aromas include white pepper, leafy greens, exotic spice and black currant berry.
Apolloni seems to be the first Oregon winery to take advantage of a change in the state's labeling laws allowing Pinot Grigio to be used; previously Pinot Gris was required. This is in fact much like a classic Italian Pinot Grigio, crisp and acidic, with sharply-defined citrus, melon and green apple fruit. Clean and refreshing, it carries a lovely floral note through the persistent finish.
Hard and compact on the nose, this has aromas of mint, rubber, vanilla and metallic berry fruit. The palate feels tight as nails but deep, and the flavors suggest dark berry and plum along with herb. The finish is wiry in feel, with lemony acidity and flavors of licorice and carob.
Deep pink in color, this gently fruity wine has too much caramel flavor. It offers red currant fruit at the end and attractive acidity.
Amarone Proemio shows mature fruit aromas of black cherry and blackberry jam backed by elegant tones of clove, pepper, cola and cedar wood. The wine represents a smooth, clean and traditional style that would pair with grilled steak or roast pork.
A full-bodied, mouthfilling Viognier, with apricot and pineapple aromas that broaden out on the palate into more general expressions of stone fruit and citrus. It's straightforward and easy to drink, with a clean finish that shows a touch of warmth.
Black cherry fruit anchors this pleasing bottle, nuanced with cola and a streak of chocolate. The tannins are smooth and supple, and the earthiness common in this AVA is carefully managed.
Chunky cherry, cough drop and dusty aromas make for a ripe but alluring nose. This feels big and full, as will most 2012 Chilean Pinot Noirs; flavors of baked black fruits and raspberry are about as rich and sweet as Pinot should ever get, while a smooth, chocolaty finish is modest in terms of acidity.
Earthy, meaty and spicy-it's what Napa Cabernet is supposed to be. Perfectly balanced, smooth and totally correct, it has cherry and chocolate in spades and lots of grip. In the end it's all about class and performance.
Fat apple and pear aromas are softened by almondy notes. More apple and spice follows on the palate, and while the depth of fruit is modest, the acidity is there and the mouthfeel is pretty good. A fresh wine to drink soon.
This 60-40 blend combines Shiraz's blackberry fruit with Cab's slightly herbal notes to make a pretty marriage. It shows enough firmness to stand up to rich, fatty meats now, or to sustain it through up to a decade of cellaring.
This is a robust, brawny wine, exuberant in wild strawberry and earthy black pepper and black tea. Leathery layers of mushroom and toasted oak combine for a full-bodied experience that speaks well of the appellation. A concentrated version of one clone of the grape from a single vineyard in a stellar vintage.
This dazzling red boasts aromas of wild berry, chopped herb, violet and a whiff of truffle. The linear balanced palate also boasts surprising structure for the vintage, delivering juicy wild cherry, licorice and clove alongside silky elegant tannins and bright acidity. Incredibly enjoyable, one bottle may not be enough.
Strikes a welcome note in California white wines with its extreme dryness and crisp, minerally freshness. With tart flavors of citrus, apricot and Asian pear, it's a great restaurant wine.
Young to taste, this wine is hardly ready to show its full fruit and rounded green flavors. Yet it's possible to tell that this is going to be impressively rich but crisp, the acidity a telling adjunct to the perfumed concentration and pear skin flavors.
This is a solidly tannic wine. A dry edge comes from the Baga grape in the blend. At the same time, the wine has plenty of ripe black fruits that give a rounder character. The wine is ready to drink, although it will be better from late 2017.
A very fine Syrah, dry, peppery and distinguished. Really defines the cool-climate style of the variety, a full-bodied wine with blackberry, grilled meat and sweetly smoked, sandalwood flavors. The tannins are very refined. The quality of this wine far exceeds the price. A great restaurant Syrah, but production was only 398 cases.
This is a stylish throwback, like the new Knicks putting on vintage Frazier jerseys. The nose is spicy and slightly herbal, with fresh basil, cinnamon and leather mixing with dried black fruits. Still vital and kicking on the palate, with juicy plum, blueberry, coffee and chocolate flavors. Toasty and spicy on the finish; drink or continue to hold.
Straightforward and easygoing, with pure apple and pear aromas. Sort of jumpy and youthful, with a fresh but foamy mouthfeel that is as much Sprite/7-Up as it is classic-method spumante. Forward apple and citrus flavors are clean and light, and if complexity is a bit lacking there's enough forward, tasty fruit to more than make up for it. Imported by Empson (USA) Ltd.
A splendid Syrah, black in color, dry, tannic, acidic and rich in blackberry, currant, grilled meat, black pepper and toasty oak flavors that are incredibly complex and satisfying. Testarossa has a great history with this bottling, and while the wine doesn't have the immediately dazzling luxuriousness of the 2007, it's more ageable. Drink after 2016.
Delicate notions of white blossom join hints of Galia melon on nose and palate, where the yeast-buffered weight makes itself felt. This is creamy, rounded but elegant and already delicious with its immense floral charm.
Easy and direct, this PG has some Gewürz and Malvasia blended in for extra layers of flavor. It's a fine wine, dry and crisp in acidity and very clean. The citrus, apple, honeysuckle and spice flavors make for an ideal cocktail-style wine.
Tire rubber aromas provide some distraction from the notes of black pepper, citrus and fresh herbs. The elegant dark fruit, pepper and savory flavors are unmistakably varietal. There are many good things to explore.
One of the many Margaux estates under the control of the Lurton family, this is a classic wine, with dry wood and dark tannins, flavors of black currants and light acidity. There is no mistaking this as Bordeaux, with its serious, ageworthy fruits and tannins.
Scents and flavors suggest dried grain and cracker, along with black cherry fruit. At first, the wine flattens out in the midpalate, but ample breathing puts more fruit and flesh on its frame.
This powerful, concentrated wine hails from the steep granite slopes of the Sommerberg. It is packed with both acidity and structured white fruits and citrus. The wine is textured with great depth of flavor, the acidity streaking right through the wine. It needs aging over at least 5–6 years.
Flirty and floral, this sunny off-dry Pinot Noir rosé (blended with a touch of Dornfelder) offers forward fruitiness in an elegant frame. With a kiss of strawberry and cherry flavors, it's an accessible, yet satisfying quaffer.
The color and mouthfeel is fine. But the aromas and flavors offer more bramble and vegetal characteristics than is ideal. So while it flows nicely, the flavor profile gets stuck on jalapeño, tomato leaf and green tobacco. But mouthfeel is not an issue; it's a chewy, statuesque sort of red. 1,100 cases made.
This gorgeous wine is full of ripe fruits, which are balanced with solid tannins, produing a complex, densely structured wine. It shows promise for the long term.
This 100% Zin comes from one of Paso Robles' most famous vineyards. The briary blackberry and mulberry flavors are very ripe, veering into chocolate-covered raisins. Although the alcohol is high, the wine pulls it all off, never losing its balance. Above all, it's a delight to drink now. Barbecue and short ribs come to mind as great partners.
A pinch of hard tannins gives this bone-dry young wine an astringent toughness. It shows very fine, concentrated black-cherry, cocoa and crème de cassis flavors. Aging in almost 100% new French oak adds notes of toast that the fruit easily tolerates. Nearly all Merlot, it's a wine of considerable volume, but nowhere near ready to drink. Give it at least six years in a proper cellar, and it could be one of the rare Merlot-based California wines capable of extended aging.
Delicious and delicate in structure and tannins, with a classic, silky mouthfeel that caresses the palate. Red and black cherry, raspberry, tangerine peel, cola, sweet rhubard, rose hip tea and oaky notes of smoke and vanilla contribute intricate detail.
A smooth and ripe wine, it's full of yellow fruits and pineapple, with just a touch of more herbaceous, citrus flavors. The wine is full-bodied, its acidity a gentle, juicy cut into the rich fruitiness. Drink from 2015.
Firm and tannic, but it promises a ripe, fruity future. It's dense and concentrated, with blackberry fruit giving it a full, ripe character. Age 4–6 years.
A coppery colored, off-dry-to-frankly-sweet wine that's simple, fruity and a little cloying. The dominant flavors are peaches and strawberries, with a very spicy finish, but the acidity seems a bit low. Still, at this price, millions of people will find a lot to like.
Plenty of fruit, right in your face with its very fresh character, sweetness, flavors of loganberries and a touch of spice.
Tal Lùc comes in an elegant little bottle that beautifully sets the stage for the fabulous dessert wine to follow. The color is deeply golden and saturated and aromas include toasted almond, dried yellow rose, candied fruit and apricot. The creamy texture would pair with something different than dessert, say a delicate sliver of duck liver pâté.
Confected and spicy, this is a wine that shows the indulgent side of Gewürztraminer. It has a spice note, with a fresh fruit-salad flavor. Screwcap.
This label, from the fine Napa winery, Fisher, is reserved for young vines. It's a classic Médoc blend, based on Cabernet Sauvignon with smaller amounts of other varieties. The winemaker's description is apt: powerful and precocious. Floods the mouth with blackberry tart and chocolate flavors that finish dry, with smooth, supple tannins. Drink now–2010.
Known for some of Italy's most beautiful sand beaches, you might not consider the resort area of Sabaudia (in the Lazio region) a farming area for Sauvignon grapes. Despite the disconnect, this wine brings together territory and variety with ripe aromas of exotic fruit, peach and subtle tones of seashell and sulphur.
Aromas of toasted oak, espresso, vanilla and ripe berry lead the nose. The palate offers oak extract, roasted coffee bean, mocha and dark cherry. It's full-bodied, with drying and rather fleeting tannins.
A sharp, angular number with aromas of pine, vinegar, mocha and leather. The feel is citric and lean, with red-fruit and orange-peel flavors. In the end, it's more thin and sharp than balanced, with a tannic, narrow mouthfeel.
A beautiful late release from winemaker Steve Shaw, this multifaceted wine is redolent with white flowers and hints of smoke, stones and slate. Dry, but softened by a touch of white peach and limeade sweetness, the palate is refreshing and floral, but balanced by bracing acidity and a backdrop of petrol, smoke and minerality.
The local cooperative's entry-level VDN features a soft, velvety texture and notes of chocolate, almond and dark plum. A bit of warmth shows through on the finish.
This unusual Barbera is aged 72 days in Bourbon casks, lending intense notes of vanilla, graham cracker and spice to more delicate flavors of blackberry and cherry. It's quite puckery with acidity and softly tannic on the finish.
With rich fruits, this is a ripe and full-bodied wine. With ease and concentration, it handles considerable youthful acidity plus berry fruits and structure. It should be fully integrated by the beginning of 2015.
The grapes are sourced from older vines located throughout the Columbia Valley. This is solid and not flashy, with wild brambly berries, earth and loam, a streak of woody bark, and overall a Bordeaux-like character. It was aged 22 months in one third new oak barrels.
Made in the popular modern style, this is a particular success. It shows ultraconcentrated orange, apricot, green apple and peach flavors that are wrapped into a creamy texture, and a strong coating of oak brings layers of butterscotch, buttered toast and vanilla. This richness would be excessive without the minerality and acidity that Sonoma Mountain brings. Don't drink this too cold.
Montefalco Rosso is a blend of Sangiovese, Sagrantino and Merlot that shows impressive balance and integration. The wine's soft cherry and berry nuances come from the Sangiovese and Merlot components and the Sagrantino adds structure and persistency.
Raw in mouthwatering acidity, this Pinot is rich enough in black cherries, currants, plums and oak, but the harsh, tart texture is a turnoff. Has a prickly, peppery feeling of sandpaper that's not likely to age away.
Very restrained aromas of Meyer-lemon pith, apple blossoms and scratched Key lime show on the nose of this appellation blend. There is a slightly burnt butter character to the sip, where touches of sweet corn and vanilla meet with citrus tang. Altogether, it's a very light expression of the region.
Dark berries and sweet baking-spice tones carry the nose. The medium-bodied palate brings juicy blackberry flavors showing mild concentration, supported by soft tannins.
A big, powerfully structured wine with concentrated tannins and plenty of black fruit. It has density, juicy fruitiness, layered acidity and the potential for aging at least a year.
Elaborately rich, this has flavors suggestive of raspberries and cherries baked into a pie, with the brown sugar and smoky pie crust sweetness of a pastry. That doesn't mean the wine is sweet; it's actually dry, but just tastes candied.
A delicious tight, crisp and mineral wine that has intense acidity as well as a nervy citrus character. Shots of green cut through the wine give freshness as well as a bright, light aftertaste.
Earthy, woody aromas of vanilla and dried red fruits filter into a raw, scratchy, acidic palate with plum, raspberry and medicinal flavors. On the finish, this wine is mildly oaky, with lively tartaric acidity driving racy, zesty length.
From vines in the upper Douro region (the Cima Corgo), this is ripe and soft. It has attractive juicy black fruits and soft tannins. There is a juicy, perfumed character from the Touriga Nacional in the blend. Drink the wine now.
This generous, friendly red opens with aromas that recall ripe dark berry and star anise. The round, juicy palate doles out ripe blackberry, crushed black cherry, licorice and ground pepper alongside soft, supple tannins. Enjoy soon.
Very tough and austere, a young wine buried under layers of oak and powerful tannins. Doesn't provide a great deal of pleasure now, but there is a powerful core of black cherry fruit that hits midpalate and kicks in on the finish. Seems to be an ager.
Loaded with raspberry, cherry, cola, raisin and spice flavors, this Zinfandel is useful for pairing with barbecue. A nice Reuben sandwich will also star. The wine is rustically likeable.
Pungent and sweaty like Verdejo, and definitely not Albariño as we know it. This Castillian white starts out strong and sweaty, like hockey gear left too long in the bag. But the flavors of pink grapefruit, kiwi and lime are good, and the feel is fleshy if a bit flat. Finishes pithy and citric. Imported by Frontier Wine Imports.
This young and fruity wine has soft tannins and the typical warm rich character of Alentejo. Its spice and juicy red flavors are all ready to drink, full of fruit and with a fine cut of acidity.
Green bean, lime leaf and fynbos lead the bouquet of this herbaceous Sauvy B. The fruit plays second fiddle throughout, though notes of green plum and gooseberry lend support to the palate, while decent acidic lift enlivens the close. Drink now.
Owner Luc Thienpont, whose family also owns Vieux Château Certan and Le Pin in Pomerol, has crafted a classic Margaux with a modern face. Its solid tannins, dry flavors and spice combine with some sweetness, fresh fruits and great balance to give a hugely satisfying, and very food-friendly wine.
Although this Cab is incredibly ripe and appealing in cassis, cherry, vanilla and almost white chocolate fudge flavors, somehow it manages to maintain balance and elegance. That's because it's thoroughly dry, and because of those gorgeously ripe Napa tannins, so fine and elegant.
This is a well-rounded rosé that is bound to disappear quickly from the table, with aromas of strawberry, bubble gum and peach riding a rainy-day springtime freshness on the nose. The palate explodes with acidity and textural grip, carrying both ripeness to satisfy New World fans and the deft tactile experience of Old World selections.
Once again, this Malbec-Merlot-Cabernet Sauvignon blend from Norton excels. The nose is a bit grapy and candied, but there's depth and a level of intensity that bodes well for the future. The palate is deep and concentrated, with blackberry, prune, stewed plum, graphite and coffee flavors in front of a mellow, smooth finish.  Drink now through 2016.
From old vines, on pre-phylloxera terraces, this is a powerful, concentrated wine. It is solid, packed with sweet rich fruits with an opulent texture. The acidity keeps the extravagance in check, but this is not a faint-hearted wine.
The varietal is unmistakable from this young vineyard, with notes of dried herbs intermingling with spice, toast and dark cherry, bringing a real sense of perfume. The palate displays a compelling sense of texture, deftness and freshness to the tart cherry and cranberry flavors with a finish that persists.
Firmly tannic, this young, wood-aged wine is dark and brooding. It has a dense texture and the potential of ripe black fruits and powerful tannins. With a fine future ahead of it, the wine needs to age. Drink from 2018.
This is a strong, firm wine with an initially earthy aroma that fills out with the scent of dark black fruits. The structure of the wine is taut, dark and brooding, offering serious potential for aging. Its bold acidity and young tannins further suggest aging, so drink between 2016–2024. Langdon Shiverick, Comète Wines.
Layers of honey and white tea alternate accents of silkly tannins throughout this delicate, pertly structured auslese. The palate is ripe and sweet, yet rippling with acidity, and extending through a long, saffron-kissed finish.
If you can get by the bell pepper and other Bordeaux-like herbal notes, this Cabernet-Tempranillo blend feels very good on the palate. There's no wayward or jagged acidity or tannic clamp, and the core flavors of cassis and black cherry, while nudged by green pepper and herbs, are solid. Finishes with richer flavors of cough syrup, cola and menthol. Not for everyone, but shows integrity and core power.
Earthy dark-berry aromas come with moderate spice. It feels fresh and shows solid grip on the palate, along with notes of plum, blackberry, vanilla, dill and tobacco. Short and dry on the finish, it has a minty accent.
This is indeed a very enjoyable Chianti Classico that shows bright fruit nuances of cherry and blackberry followed by spice, leather and dried tobacco. In the mouth, the wine is smooth, medium in intensity but also bright and fresh.
Fermented partially in old clay amphoras, this is a rich wine that has managed to retain freshness as well. The blend includes Grand Noir, a grape with red juice, as well as Trincadeira and Aragonez. Its density is revealed as it opens up, giving ripe red fruits, solid tannins and a dry core. Drink from 2017.
A Southern Rhône-style blend, this wine shows aromas of cranberry, raspberry, fresh herbs and peppery spices. The flavors show purity, richness and restraint, with a finish that lingers.
A number of different fermentation regimens puts these grapes through their paces, and leads to skillful blending. The result is a wine of exceptional complexity, depth and texture. Lively citrus, Meyer lemon, tangerine, peach and caramel flavors abound.
From a cool site overlooking the ocean in Occidental, this is a feral, earthy wine, with a nose of garden patch, black tea and orange. Juicy at its core, it's structured in smooth tannin. Hints of new oak provide pleasant accents without overburdening the herbal and fruity core.
Tasted from magnum, the wine shows youthful vigor, layers of wood and dark berry flavors. It has the relative lightness of 2007, with a tight edge that needs to smooth out. Give the wine in a 750ml bottle another 5–6 years, a magnum up to 10 years.
A lovely Pinot Noir that shows fine Russian River character. Made from some good vineyards, including Keefer Ranch, it shows an elegant deliciousness of cherry and raspberry jam, cola and pomegranate flavors, touched with new oak. Silky and dry, this polished wine is good to drink now, and will hold for 6–8 years.
Bold and modern, Fonterutoli delivers the goods year after year. The wine is rich and plush with deep concentration and excellent intensity. You'll get aromas of bright cherry and some spice but what makes the wine stand apart is the clarity and purity of its aromas.
The overt ripeness of the fruit here presents a slight obstacle at first sniff. Once that is overcome, the wine offers a free range of blackberry, cassis, tar, leather and tobacco-like aromas. But, in the mouth you'll taste the jamminess and maturity of the fruit. It's a smooth, soft wine with a long strawberry fade.
Watery, with a squeeze of lime juice and acidity. But it's very clean.
A wine that impressively reflects the richness of the 2002 vintage, balancing white fruits, ripe acidity and a teasing touch of spice. It's delicious now, but will certainly age over the next 10 years.
Aromas of scorched earth, game, dried rose petal and a whiff of barnyard lead the nose. The aromas follow through to the solid palate together with overripe black cherry, bitter walnut and a confectionary note alongside grainy tannins. It's a bit rustic but still has an earthy appeal.
Lean and rather austere, this is a classically severe wine. Its tannins dominate, which indicates that it needs to age, and only slowly do the tight black-currant flavor and acidity show. This is a wine from the old school, needing several years to mature.
Deep, dark blueberry fruit meets with beef char, fudge chocolate and espresso-bean notes on the nose of this blend of 59% Petite Sirah, 15% Syrah, 14% Tannat, 7% Petit Verdot, 4% Grenache and 1% Viognier. The rigid tannins need a little more time to open, but the zesty blueberry, blackberry and black-pepper flavors shine across the fresh, sizzling acidity.
This dry, spicy wine has its white fruit flavor layered over attractive acidity. It feels firm, and its flavors of almond and lychee are balanced with an austere structure. Give this wine at least three years.
This is an attractive, round wine. The ripe red-fruit character is balanced by a tangy, zesty lemon texture that gives freshness plus a touch of tannic structure. Very dry and spicy in the mouth, it will be good with food.
Quite an impressive effort. The dense purple hue promises much, as do the intense notes of grilled meat and coconut on the nose. The palate delivers, with complex black fruit aromas and wet earth flavors leading to a long, lush finish. A year or two in the cellar will give the American oak a chance to integrate but drink up before 2011.
Grassy and gassy at first, with green olive, eucalyptus and salty raspberry flavors. There's acid-to-tannin balance and decent mouthfeel, which offsets the wine's overall lack of intensity and dearth of normal Cabernet flavors such as cassis and blackberry.
This is concentrated and stout on the nose, with roasted black-fruit aromas bolstered by coconut, tobacco and cool-earth accents. The palate is thick, rich and layered with black fruit extract and tannin, bearing flavors of dark plum, baked blackberry, savory spice and BBQ sauce. It's smooth, deep and long on the finish, with notes of coffee, vanilla and mocha. A monster wine with class. Drink now through 2018.
From the pitch-black color you can tell this is an enormously extracted wine. It shows the stuffing of this famous vineyard's Zins, with blackberries, loganberries, cherries, licorice, leather and cocoa-laced coffee, and is quite tannic. But it's diminished by what tastes like notable sugar in the finish, even though the alcohol is over 15%.
Fresh blueberry, burned caramel, black licorice and sage scents show on the nose of this bottling of a variety that doesn't often get its own stage. The tannins are light but ever-present, framing black plum, elderberry, thyme and peppercorn flavors. It's not as rich or dense as similar wines but is nevertheless a nice sipper.
More spice than ripe fruit characteristics here. There's a dark, savory note of smoked ham or bacon as well, with back-end notes of cola and root beer. Warm, wintery personality. Streamlined and polished in the mouth.
A gold-colored wine. The palate has intense freshness as well as ripe apricot and orange zest flavors. The acidity cuts through the intense richness, leaving a wine that needs time to fully integrate, and then many more years to mature.
Named for the estate vineyard, this tasty bottle showcases young (second vintage) grapes with plenty of future potential. Light flavors of berries are matched to caramel and honey-roasted almond notes from barrel aging.
The fruit component of this wine is at first elusive, its aromas dominated by dust, earth and saddle leather, but it opens over time into plum and chocolate and a sweetly spicy layer too. It's structured like a wall, so give this baby some time to further develop its assets.
There's a meaty, succulent quality to this Barolo, lending it a brooding, masculine personality. Aromas include smoked bacon, ripe fruit and teriyaki sauce. The finish is intense, fresh and firm.
Aromas of culinary spice, prune and a whiff of woodland berry take center stage on this smooth red. The ripe palate shows dried red cherry, fig, clove and a hint of bitter almond alongside polished tannins. Drink sooner rather than later to capture the fruit and freshness.
This is a golden-hued Chardonnay that sees seven months of French oak with a rich, creamy quality that is not always easy to read. The aromas span from exotic fruit to Parmigiano cheese rind, but the mouthfeel is jazzy and cool. Imported by Winebow.
This wine comes from a parcel that is planted at a superhigh density of nearly 7,000 plants per acre. This gives the plants greater competition between each other and encourages concentration of the wine. That is true in this rich wine with its impeccable balance between white fruit and mineral texture from the chalk soil. The wine will age, so drink from 2020.
Chunky aromas of apple and citrus are regular and mellow. Has a more fleshy feel than many Chilean SBs, with apple and grapefruit flavors in front of a round, pithy, mildly bitter finish. Just juicy enough; contains 15% Carmenère for added body.
Meaty, rubbery aromas open it up, and it evolves into a dark, chunky, aggressive type of wine. The palate is big and round, with medium tannins and dark, slightly burnt flavors of blackberry and licorice. The finish shows coffee and extract, but not much length or refinement. Husky and ripe more than sleek and elevated.
Sometimes a wine has such a distinct individual personality that it stands out from the crowd, and this focused Pinot fits that description. There is a light touch of sophisticated, subtly spicy French oak but a crystal-clear raspberry fruit character energizes the aromas and flavors. It is medium-to-full bodied, but not at all heavy. It's hard to imagine tiring of this.
The winery's Merlot has disappointed over the years, and the 2004 does little to change one's mind. It's overripe, with cooked or stewed raisin-currant flavors that make the tannins taste harsh and rasping. Okay, but not what this winery seems capable of.
Passerina is a white grape from Central Italy that has enjoyed an enormous growth in popularity and quality in recent years. This expression offers notes of candied or exotic fruit with subtle tones of apricot and pear at the back. There's a nice feeling of thickness as well that would pair with white meat or shellfish.
This light-bodied Riesling offers hints of fresh limes and crushed stones on the nose, followed up by bright citrus flavors of lime and grapefruit. Tart and brisk on the finish, making it a mouthwatering apéritif.
Perfumed and spicy, this wine is very Muscat in character. It's very heady in its aromas, with lychee and tropical fruits, and a delicate, while ripe, profile. The aftertaste continues the theme of exotic fruits and soft acidity. Screwcap.
Baked, spicecake aromas incorporate cola, raisin, herbs and foresty notes. This feels meaty and tannic, with a strong grip. Flavors of blackberry, blueberry, herbs and chocolate finish firm but mild, with richness and structure. Despite being a bit heavy, this is a really good example of Chilean Syrah.
Slightly strange aromas of horseradish, mustard, buttery oak and dried wood are more out front than fruit scents. This feels big, rugged and grabby, while saucy, herbal berry flavors play out on a tannic finish.
Dense and intricately constructed, this Pinot Noir always is a big, rich fruity wine. The 2007 is perhaps emblematic of the vineyard, showing massive flavors of cherries, blueberries and wilder, foxier berries that have an exotic note. The tannins are thick, and the wine is entirely dry. Very fine, a chef's dream to pair with perfectly matched food. Fine now, with a few hours of decanting, and should develop through 2013, at least.
Surprisingly, in the blind lineup, Ingleside's regular bottling of Merlot fared slightly better than its Reserve bottling of the same vintage. Overall, this is a supple wine, with flavors of chocolate-covered cherry and clove as well as a note of pear drop that cuts through the core.
You want soft, cult-style, wildly delicious Napa Cabernet? Here it is. The personal vision of Jeremy Nickel, of the Far Niente and Nickel & Nickel dynasty, this is rich and delicious in blackberry compote, black currant, chocolate, anise and sweet oak flavors. Blended with a few drops of Merlot, Petit Verdot and Malbec, this bottling now establishes itself at the forefront of Napa's most important Cabernets.
Fruity and with plenty of acidity, this is a crisp wine, still exposing the tight mineral texture. The red-currant and raspberry fruits are prominent, shot through with acidity. Drink from 2023.
A beautiful sparkling wine that shows the Iron Horse signature of balanced elegance. The lime, raspberry, vanilla and brioche flavors are rich and intricate, but particularly lovely is the texture, which is soft and silky.
In screwcap, and meant for near-term drinking. From the outset, though, seems pretty sophisticated for its class: dusty plums on both the nose and the palate are forward but taut. It's medium-bodied, but soft and approachable. Finishes with some tautness. A by-the-glass winner.
One of the few California Malbecs that comes close to the dense fruit and sheer deliciousness of Argentine bottlings. The wine is full-bodied, soft and insanely rich in blackberry, black currant, cassis, chocolate, bacon and spice flavors, with intense tannins and a fine cut of acidity for balance. This is barbecue wine on steroids.
Streaked with acidity as well as rich, sweet fruits, this is a full and rounded, yet balanced wine with fresh flavors of honey and apricot. This wine could age, so drink now and until 2019.
Packed with tannins and boasting an enormous structure, this wine is opulent while very firm. At the same time, smoky acidity shoots through all this density. From a great terroir, this wine shows minerality and its great structure well. Drink from 2023.
The winery excels at capturing the coolness and acidity of its vineyard site. Estate grown and bottled, this offers a creamy expression of bright, freshly cut kiwi, lychee and lime, surrounded by pretty floral aromas. Refreshing but with ample body, it calls out longingly for seafood.
This Moldovan Merlot has aromas of eucalyptus, dark chocolate and raspberry with flavors of cherry, black plum and a touch of baking spices. There's a nice minty lift in the midpalate, with a bright fruit finish and persistent tannins.
From a vineyard that is split between Pomerol and Lalande de Pomerol, this wine is still firm and tannic—typical of the vintage. It seems more structure than fruit and will probably remain somewhat tough. It is ready to drink.
Dry and succulent, this brings tangy flavors of rhubarb and raspberry into focus. It's made for picnic foods—could anything be better with fried chicken? This is widely available and scores a bullseye if your target is a summer sipper.
Fairly agile, floral and friendly, with precise peach, nectarine and citrus flavors. With its easy personality and good mouthfeel, this is what you're looking for in a solid, everyday white wine.
A dark color and candied, pruney aromas give way to jammy black cherry flavors and a lightly tannic texture. This is tart and medium bodied, with straightforward ripe flavors.
Tight and tannic with as much structure as fruit. The freshness comes from the acidity, although at the end strawberry juiciness shows through.
Earthy aromas of truffle, underbrush, tilled soil and mature dark-skinned fruit take shape on this full-bodied red. The powerfully structured palate offers macerated black cherry, cassis, espresso and licorice alongside the warmth of alcohol. Firm close-grained tannins provide the gripping framework. Drink 2018–2025.
A rich, oak-laden wine that shows fine ripe fruits. There are juicy blackberry and dried fruit flavors allied to a light structure that results in a rich, open and generous wine.
From the cool side of Paso Robles comes this Chard, which nonetheless shows its warm appellation in its earthiness, which resembles some Napa Chards. The fruit veers toward apples, and the wine is totally dry.
This seems like one of the sweeter Gewürztraminers out there, with flavors of white sugar, Asian pear, lychee and spice. The sweetness is balanced with crisp acidity.
Lean and crisp despite bells and whistles of barrel fermentation and lees aging. Sure, that adds richness and depth, but the wine stays true to its roots with high acidity and the flavor profile of apples, not pineapples. It's a distinguished wine. That's not a technical term, but it gets the point across.
This is a blend of 50% Cabernet Sauvignon, 45% Merlot, and 5% undisclosed varieties. The alcohol is a refreshingly low 13.5%. The flavors are of black currants, cassis, softened cola and leather, with plenty of peppery spices. Should hold in the bottle for a few years, but fine to drink now, after a few hours of decanting to let it breathe.
This is classic Three Palms Merlot—as excellent as anything Duckhorn has ever produced. It shows the hard tannins that always mark the winery's Bordeaux-style red wines, but it's luscious and deep in berry fruit, licorice, grilled meat and cola. It should have no difficulty negotiating the years. Give it until around 2015, but if you can't wait, at least decant it for a few hours.
This is a very pleasing Cab Franc that's rich and and spicy like cola with a dark and brooding feel. Full bodied and concentrated, the finish is long and slightly herbal.
A lush texture marks this wine that has a handful of Merlot and Petit Verdot blended in. The bold flavors are classic cassis and black currant tones.
Gary Farrell's Bordeaux blend is quite good and well-made, but it isn't showing much complexity now. It's a big, tannic wine that impresses with its blast of fruit. Blackberries, cherries, plums, currants, cocoa all swamp the palate, along with smoky oak notes. Maybe it will do interesting things in the cellar.
Marginally fresh on the nose, with aromas of black tea and compost, this is sugary and confected. Hickory and syrup-like flavors end with the tang of barbecue sauce.
An earthy hint comes with the bright lemon flavors of this dry, tart wine. The palate reveals a glimpse of riper fruit but lime freshness rules. It finishes totally clean.
Very structured wine, firmly anchored to a tannic core. The wine has weight, blackberry fruit and dark cherry flavors. It is rich, full-bodied, with great swathes of juicy fruit and acidity. Drink from 2016.
This is one of the best Taurasis of all times. Antonio Caggiano has crafted an elegant wine that is rich in charm and personality. Cherry, freshly milled espresso, natural rubber, white truffle, pecorino cheese and black mineral all play a part in this complex ensemble. It has thick, tight tannins with beautifully etched mineral nuances and should age well for many years in the cellar. A Marc de Grazia selection, various American importers.
Fragrant with lime, stone, apricot and flowers, this Gewürztraminer is deliciously dry and slightly crisp yet full bodied. A slight spiciness marks the finish, with a note of lime salt. It should pair well with a roast chicken and spicy stuffing.
Sweet and thin, showing sour cherry flavors and a prickly mouthfeel. Cabernet and Syrah.
Green notes of jalapeño pepper blend with passion fruit on an extreme nose. The high-acid palate is bracing, with flavors of sour apple and citrus.
Shows all the requisite pea, pepper and tropical fruit in front of an intense palate that comes on like an explosion of melon, nectarine and grapefruit. On the finish it runs calmer, and the flavors and feel are harmonious. Says a lot for New Zealand, at least their Sauvignon Blanc. Imported by Pasternak Wine Imports.
This nicely dry, not-too-big wine smells like turned earth and new leather, tastes rather tart and berrylike, and feels lean and moderately tannic in texture. Those who like their wines on the taut side will love it.
This wine makes a big impression with wild, earthy aromas and dense, fruit-laden flavors. It blends ripe plum, smoke, tart blackberry and rich black cherry notes on a base of firm tannins and fresh acidity. These are rich, complex and carry through to the lingering finish. It's made from 85% Mourvèdre, plus Syrah, Grenache and Counoise.
Another beautifully crafted wine from Chehalem, this combines inviting citrus, melon and papaya fruit with just the right amount of buttered popcorn flavors from new oak. Silky and elegant, it is delicious now but will cellar well.
Rick Longoria is all about restraint in his winemaking, and that shows on the shy aromas of this bottling that allow hints of black plum, wildfire, roasted meat and light rosemary to emerge. Tart plum and cranberry fruit pop on the palate, where a feral, gamy component is laced by forest floor and wild herbs.
This ruby colored Pinot Noir has aromas of black cherry and dried cherry, with flavors of cinnamon, clove and additional black cherry. The finish is fruit-driven and clean.
A little off in texture, with a grainy mouthfeel that's part tart acids and part edgy tannins. However, it's lusty in forward cherry and raspberry fruit flavors, and will surely satisfy many Pinotphiles.
The archetypal pear flavors of Grüner Veltliner come to the fore: fresh, flavorsome and crunchy green Conference pear in this case, with zesty acidity in a linear, refreshing and zesty frame. This is concentrated and totally refreshing.
Very aromatic, this ripe, full-bodied wine is still young—full of spice, exotic fruits and only a touch of acidity. With a density that can only come from a Grand Cru vineyard, this powerful wine needs to age. Drink from 2017.
Leather, pipe tobacco, woodland berry, dark spice and crushed herb follow through to the taut linear palate along with notes of sour cherry, ground pepper and clove. It's extremely elegant but still tightly wound, with youthfully assertive tannins that need to unfold. Give this time to come together and develop complexity. Drink 2022–2032.
Pinot Bianco is an underappreciated variety from northern Italy that has recently been exposed to much-deserved critical praise and attention. Vorberg Riserva is a beautiful expression with aromas of peach and citrus and a dense, creamy mouthfeel.
Intense aromas of violet, black plum, leather with a whiff of baking spices lead the nose on this full-bodied wine. The hearty palate offers mature black cherry, white pepper and clove alongside brooding tannins that need time to open up. Drink 2016–2020.
From the oldest block of the estate vineyard, this fruit-driven Pinot is crisp and lively, mixing bright berry flavors with just a hint of sandalwood. Tannins are tamed, and the emphasis is clearly on purity of fruit.
This is an interesting Cartizze from the 2006 vintage with a very successful balance between minerals, chopped fruit and flowers. It has good depth and dimension and a creamy, frothy fruit-forward finish.
Tobiano in 2005 is preferable to Kingston's 2004 Bayo Oscuro Syrah. This wine has more lift, fruit and balance. The nose is lightly fruity and rubbery, while the palate issues snappy boysenberry and controlled herb notes. Not your average New World Syrah; it'll make you think.
Aggressive cherry, plum and cassis aromas come with a hint of rubber. This feels choppy and hard, but lively. Herbal red-plum and currant flavors finish zesty and jagged, but with enough body to handle some inherent roughness.
Approaches a fine North Coast Bordeaux bottling in the complex blackberry and currant flavors and dryness, but there are problems. Acidity is high and fairly intrusive, and the oak tannins seem to dominate. Work needs to be done, but this Merlot-based blend gets an A for effort.
An expressive, extroverted style that still communicates a sense of place. There's loads of dried fruit character here, with apple, nectarine, rose and graham flour flavors that build to a long-lasting finish. Light-bodied, with a spice aftertaste. Drink now or hold five-plus years.
Shows lots of berry fruit, with touches of green olives, sweet herbs, cocoa, funky leather and cedar, wrapped into firm tannins. A funny wine. Good and rich, but struggles to achieve complex interest, especially at this price.
The Vigna Gattera cru produces elegant wines with immediate floral notes of blue flower and violet. Those aromas are followed by red fruit and spice with distant smoke and mineral. This wine is very much enhanced by the beauty of its mouthfeel, which is silky. Delicious.
This pretty Riserva Nebbiolo will surely grow softer and finer with age. Those who drink it now will experience smoky, toasted aromas of almond, cigar box, moist earth and powdered licorice. The wine is also elegantly tight and focused in the mouth.
A simple, fruity wine, this offers lime and green-apple flavors giving complete freshness. It's a light, aromatic wine with a touch of pepper. Drink now. Screwcap.
This is Cecil De Loach's brand, since he sold his winery to Boisset USA, and it's a nice Russian River Cab of which there aren't many. It shows a cool-climate delicacy and silkiness, but is tasty, with ripe flavors and bright acidity.
An interesting wine, and kudos to Tejada for tackling such an unusual blend. Made from 87% Tempranillo and 13% Garnacha, it's silky and high in acidity, but very dry, with tobacco-inspired raspberry, cherry and spice flavors. A winery to watch.
Full bodied and rich, this has a juicy core followed by firm, minerally tannins and intense acidity. Wood aging adds complexity to this impressive, ageworthy effort.
Winemaker Luca Paschina has crafted an aromatic patchwork of dark plum, cassis and tar, plus baking spice, mocha and turned-earth details. Medium to full bodied, this selection shows impressive finesse that is characteristic of Barboursville wines, and the balance between its flesh and tannin-acid framework is spot on. Stash this one in the cellar for a few years.
Named after the kingfisher bird, this wine has a warm, yellow-fruit and ripe character. It is perfumed, with a full texture and the richness that comes from aging on the lees. Drink this ripe wine now.
This unspecified rosé blend of Pinot Noir and Pinot Gris offers bold cherry and cantaloupe aromas, some confected, bubblegum-like flavors and a clean, short finish.
Aromas of leather, flint, toast, menthol and exotic spice come together in the glass along with a floral note. The full-bodied, firmly structured palate offers mature black cherry marinated in spirits, licorice, and coffee alongside assertive, close-grained tannins and bright acidity. A mineral note closes the finish.
Cedar, coconut, tobacco and earthy berry aromas are typical of Rioja. This is juicy and zesty in the mouth, with bright acidity. Flavors of berry, vanilla and earth finish strong. This is an excellent but not overly complicated wine; drink through 2024.
A blend of 70% Friulano, 15% Ribolla Gialla and 15% Malvasia, this is perfumed with scents suggesting yellow flower, apple, citrus fruit and hazelnut. The vibrant palate is loaded with verve and finesse, offering peach, Golden Delicious apple, sage, fennel and a hint of candied tangerine zest. A note of bitter almond closes the tangy finish.
There are touches of toast here, allowing the wine to broaden and become riper. It's still young, showing a future of yellow fruits contrasting with a tight and nervy texture. The aftertaste is full, ripe and generous. Drink from 2018.
Here's a layered, sophisticated sparkling blend (50-50 Pinot Nero and Chardonnay) that shows citrus, peach and honeysuckle aromas backed by baked bread, bitter almond and candied fruit. Creamy mousse helps drive a very long finish.
Stainless-steel fermented, this wine is made from grapes grown in Paso Robles and Lodi and is intensely concentrated. Pretty aromatics of honeysuckle open up before thick rich layers of lushly ripe peach flavor ride in.
Smooth to the edge of silky, this barrel-fermented wine spent 14 months in French oak. Green apple and butter flavors are foremost, with a light suggestion of fresh herb.
Shows green mint and cherry jam flavors, together with zippy acidity, suggesting the chilly vintage. The wine is delicate and light in the mouth, and quite nice to drink now. Perfect with tuna tartare.
88-90 Barrel sample. Dark bitter chocolate coated wine, soft in texture, but with a good stalky chewy edge. Final flavors are of cedar, new wood and spice.
A blend of Syrah and Grenache, this may be the most expensive rosé in California. It's a good wine, dry and crisp, although rather full-bodied for a rosé, with pleasantly complex orange zest, strawberry, vanilla, herb and spice flavors. Nice now with cured meats and sausages, or a rich fish stew.
Young and savory, this cool-climate Cabernet mixes tart berry fruit with herbal (tarragon) highlights. Ageworthy, tight and clean, with darker notes of black olive and loam.
Rustic aromas of barnyard, game and overripe fruit follow through to the brawny palate along with powdered sage, violet and a hint of game. Full-bodied but lacking fruit richness, it and ends on a bitter note.
Classic in color, and backed by aromatics of lavender, graphite and pure blackberry. This is not overly weighty, as the acidity keeps it pointed and pure. There's a lot of elegance and balance to this wine; a perfect example of how to blend multiple vineyards into one excellent whole.
This is a light easy-drinking style that fills the quaffable white wine bill quite nicely. It's lemony and tart, with a slice of orange peel for extra interest.
With some firm structure, this wine also has great fruitiness. It offers plenty of raspberry fruits, good acidity and a solid texture of tannins. The acidity keeps the wine perfumed and fresh. Drink the wine from 2019.
This Reserva shows the beginnings of a tawny character while still keeping some of the freshness of young ruby. The color is beginning to go pale, the spirit is showing through, but the red fruits are still there.
Gentle spice and redcurrant notes promise a subtle wine. The palate does not disappoint and sings with translucent, light-footed elegance. This is all about charm and ease, about chiffon rather than velvet. Crisp freshness brightens and lightens everything. It's a mere whiff of a wine but a delicious one.
Cherry and black fruit aromas are capped by a rubbery note. It feels juicy and fresh, with raspberry, red plum and vanilla flavors. Drying but fresh and nice on the finish.
Campo Leòn has herbal or green aromas that are unusual in Amarone. Those leafy elements are backed by ripe fruit, spice and toasted almond. It's round and full on the close with lingering berry flavors.
A hugely concentrated wine showing chewy, but ripe tannins. Smooth, polished fruit combines with well-balanced wood and suppressed power. This is certainly a wine that will develop well, making it drinkable in five years and mature in 10-15 years.
Lean and crisp in style, this is citrusy through and through. Although a bit one-dimensional, it's clean and refreshing, with a pleasantly affordable price tag.
This is one of a trio of single-vineyards bottlings from this producer. It comes from the village of Fuissé and is situated in a small valley. Elegant and perfumed, the touch of wood aging enhances the white-fruit flavor. The aftertaste is juicy while also ripe. Drink from 2017.
Has light aromas of soy or saline, coupled with dust and mineral flavors. Medium-weight and good, but there's not much verve here.
From biodynamically grown grapes, a wine with intensity of flavor but also freshness, crispness and a mineral and stone texture. The yellow fruits—peach and fresh pineapple—are ripe, full in the mouth, helped by some nutmeg spice and a touch of caramel. Worth aging for another year.
Very dry and peppery-spicy, with firm tannins. Shows juvenile, primary fruit flavors of cherries, blackberries and dark, unsweetened baker's chocolate. Could gain some elegance with a year or so in the bottle.
All over the map. The nose offers toast offset by gym sweat, while the palate is both tangy yet pickled, with zingy orange flavors. The wine flows across the tongue but leaves a bit of citrus rind and vinegar. Not bad per se, but has some weak links. Imported by Winelink Imports.
Apple and pear aromas are clean as a whistle. This is varietal Xarello, a key grape in Cava production. It is citrusy and minerally in feel, with lemon, tangerine and stony flavors mixed with a touch of yeast. A tight, exact finish is juicy and stony.
Crushed sea shells, candied lemon rinds and wafts of petrol greet the nose on this wine by widely respected vintners Greg Brewer and Steve Clifton. The tight and pithy palate shows Key lime and pear flesh but leans toward tropical, with hints of pineapple and guava. It's quite stony at first, then opens toward honey on sourdough toast. Drink 2017–2027.
Exotic, offering up scents of oranges and apricots, then folding flavors of melon and spice on the palate. It's broad but basically balanced; round yet with adequate acids, picking up hints of citrus pith on the finish.
The label of this vintage is designed by David Hockney in memory of Philippine de Rothschild. It is a powerful wine in the rich style of Mouton with strong black-currant fruits from 81% Cabernet Sauvignon. It is dense and dark, ready to age for many years. Drink this impressive wine from 2026.
Aromas of apple and dried melon are basic and clean. This Viura-Chardonnay has juicy outsized acidity to go with a chunky body. Generic slightly sweet apple flavors finish fresh, with a hint of lime.
The vintage Moët seems a bit sugary, with broad, simple flavors. It's a blocky wine; a bit of citrus here, some butterscotch there, and that sugary kick to the finish. Just a bit too paint-by-the-numbers.
In 2001 (the best Rioja vintage prior to 2004) this wine cost $15 and rated 87 points. Now it's $42 and it's worth it. Smooth and inviting on the nose, with coconut, toast and black fruit aromas. In a word, the bouquet is inviting. And the palate seals the deal; there's a creamy feel and loads of fruit and vanilla to fill the gaps. Drink now through 2009.
Aromas of forest floor, leather, espresso, spice and grilled herbs lead the nose. The palate offers toasted oak, roasted coffee bean, dried sage, raw red cherry and licorice alongside astringent tannins that need time to integrate fully. Drink after 2018.
Not bad for an introductory or everyday sort of Pinot. Of course, it's a bit thin and acidic, but nicely silky, with modest cherry, cola and mint flavors.
Oaky aromas of bacon and ham blend with vanilla on the nose of this plump, melony wine. Flavors of resiny oak, Animal Cracker cookies and melon turn overtly spicy on the finish that includes a hint of clove.
This is largely Viognier from the Southern Rhône, and that's reflected in its aromas of honey and pineapple. The flavors are fresh and slightly herbal, but based in melon and pineapple. It's medium in body, then finishes on a mouthwatering citrus note.
This warm wine brings out the roundness and open accessibility of warm-climate Chardonnay. With yellow fruits and clean acidity, it is attractively ready to drink.
Piercing and pungent up front, with sharp-edged aromas of nettle, lime, arugula and green bean. The palate is lithe and crisp, with green-leaning flavors of lettuce, lime and passion fruit. Lasting on the finish, with bell pepper and celery. A prime example of cool-climate Chilean SB.
Sweet and soft, although it does show enough concentrated apple, melon and citrus fruit to warrant recommendation. Finishes with the barest hint of minerality.
This is an extremely ripe and viscous wine, almost too much to handle. The nose shows juicy blackberry syrup, crème de cassis, coconut and a hint of herbs, and then the palate delivers coffee, fudge, elderberry, black currant and pepper.
In the past we said the enemy of El Enemigo was too much oak; that heavy oak character persists, but it is more integrated than in prior bottlings. Along with woody aromas, look for cidery apple scents in front of a soft, chunky palate. Flavors of popcorn, caramel and baked apple finish weighty and woody. Drink now.
Grassy, herbaceous tones are a tad pungent, but they add freshness to this lusciously textured, easy-drinking Gewürz. It's off-dry, with loads of fleshy yellow peach, pineapple and melon flavors, with delicate tangerine-juice acidity. Drink now.
Big, blocky black-fruit aromas are reduced and potent. This is quite chunky and extracted in feel, with jammy gritty blackberry and plum flavors that are mildly herbal and simmer with heat and heft on the finish.
Rich, warm and possessing a ton of dry oak, this is one serious Argentine Cabernet. The palate is grippy as a rubber glove, with snappy berry flavors and pointed acidity. It's ripe, racy and edgy, with substance to the fruit, feel and finish. Drink now through 2010.
The Legacy estate reserve is a limited selection from the original mid-1970s vines. It remains stubbornly closed, even after hours of breathing time. Grudgingly, pomegranate and cranberry fruit flavors peek through a high-acid base with mineral undertones. The balance is there for further aging.
Spicy in black plum and berry fruit, Black Chicken is a consistent blockbuster for Biale, alive and fresh in waves of exotic cinnamon and clove. Built to age 2020–2022, it'll satisfy in complex black tea and savory toasty oak, an easy wine to love. The grapes are sourced from the winery's estate sites within the Oak Knoll District, where it's based.
Made entirely from Chardonnay, this benchmark New York sparkling wine balances pristine apple and lemon against layers of complex toast, caramel and crushed mineral nuances. Brut in style, it calibrates spine tingling acidity against a palate that's supple and ripe. Bold, mouthfilling bubbles dissipate elegantly through a long finish.
Sophisticated and bright, this beautiful Barbaresco presents loads of vanilla, dark fruit, spice and toasted nut intensity. There's structure and longevity here and the wine lasts many long minutes on the palate thanks to its bone-dry tannins.
This aromatic, herbal wine is crisp and lively, with bright acidity and green fruits. Citrus and gooseberry flavors bring out an even fresher side. It finishes light and fruity. Drink now.
Equal parts Wallula and Canoe Ridge vineyard fruit, the aromas offer expressive notes of melon, flowers, jasmine and peach. The palate is textured and full, but the flavors at times seem a bit diluted. It shows some heat on the back end.
A splash of tart cherry introduces this charming Pinot Noir, which resemble a country wine from the nether reaches of Burgundy. The alcohol does not touch 13%, yet the flavors are here, with tart berries, a bit of stem, sharp tannins, and a medium-long finish. A great quaffer.
This wine features an unflattering dichotomy: soft, stewy fruit on one hand, and a hard, slightly metallic finish on the other. Passable, but lacks harmony. Imported by Loosen Bros. USA.
Soft and round, this has an enticing smoky aroma and red berry fruit. The stalky texture and crisp acidity give the wine a light, ready-to-drink feel
Twisted Oak has a pretty serious track record with this wine. The '05, a blend of Tempranillo, Graciano and Garnacha (Grenache), is very dry and complex. It's soft but firmly tannic, with juicy flavors of cherries, raspberries, pomengranates, licorice, chocolate, cloves and pepper. Has the body of a fine Pinot Noir, with different flavors.
This well-balanced Merlot displays a deep ruby/purple color and plenty of plum flavors. Coffee and herb notes add a touch of complexity, and the texture is smooth and even. The finish has good length for a modestly priced red.
Made from Syrah, Zinfandel and Cabernet Sauvignon, this offers accessible flavors of berry, mocha, anise and sandalwood that seem to finish a little on the sweet side.
This is a fresh, open and very accessible wine. Crisp acidity cuts through the green apple flavors and tangy, mineral texture. With juicy fruitiness, it is a light wine that is ready to drink.
Clean, fresh and full of bright cherry and strawberry aromas. Offers the right size and balance, with red plum and red berry flavors touched up by light oak. Mildy toasty and textured on the finish.
Layers of cherry, currant and herbs give this fresh Cab an elegant but earthy feel. A lovely balance of fruit and acid, topped with supple and structured tannins, add to the success. Very pretty and collectible.
Such breezy freshness, such citric concentration on a slender, very streamlined body. Bright, lemony flavors fizz everywhere and create a feeling of lightness, but with a firm backbone. A clean, taut finish.
Lemon peel, wet clay, sandalwood and nutmeg aromas are inviting. In the mouth, it's tight and tannic, but lively, with leather and roasted berry flavors. Finishes firm, tight and a bit clipped and choppy. A reflection of 2008's tough conditions.
This stylish wine opens with a floral, perfumed, high-altitude bouquet that shows red currant and raspberry aromas. Like the nose, the palate is fresh and not ponderous. Crisp raspberry and cassis flavors finish with freshness and elegance. Drink through 2020.
Light and toasty, this is a melon and citrus combo, with yeasty bread dough flavors showing its youth.
Smoky wood aromas are confirmed on the palate by a tough, wood-laden character. It's all spice and toast, leaving little room at this stage for fruit. That should come because the wine has weight and suggestions of rich berry fruits in the background.
Quite weak on the nose, this bottling shows dried lemon skin and orange rind aromas. There is a decent texture to the sip, with flavors of lemon reduction and pithy grapefruit.
This is a deeply colored, nicely oaky wine at a good price. It tastes like it's been aged to a peak already. The aromas are spicy, cedary and perfumed, while the flavors offer ripe berry and cherry notes and the texture is smooth but moderately tannic.
Aromas of rose petals and fresh-hoed earth come to the fore as this wine opens, followed by fine-grained, intense tannins and savory wooded notes. Black pepper, red cherry, sea salt and dried herb pop at different times. It's still tight, so let this wine open in the glass or decant; better yet, cellar through 2023.
An overachiever among dessert wines. It opens with ripe melon and sweet stone fruit aromas, but it's not overly challenging or heavy. The palate is thick but offers just-right acidity, which frames sweet, enjoyable orange, lychee and honey flavors. Rich yet bright; an extreme.
Peppery mirabelle plums just steal the show. They dominate nose and palate and give you an extra spring in your step with their spicy zippy fillip of freshness. If you are in need of lively refreshment, look no further. This is an exemplary Grüner that expresses everything that is exemplary about the 2015 vintage.
There is a sunrise pink color to this soft, rounded wine. Made from Palmela's local Castelão grape, it is fruity, tinged by caramel and a fresh, crisp citrusy aftertaste. Drink now.
A ripe and fruity wine that has black fruits and intense youthful acidity. It is structured as well, the tannins from the 25% Cabernet Sauvignon in the blend are showing firmly. Black currants and blackberries balance with the firm dry core. It will develop and will be ready from 2018.
Fleshy vegetal aromas of squash and pumpkin lead to a flat palate. This tastes like zucchini and squash, with bitterness and wheaty flavors on a dull finish.
This rosé is done by saignée, which means bleeding the juice from the primary fermentation before it has acquired more than a touch of color. It's fully ripened and a little coarse, with some stiffness to the tannins. The strawberry and cherry fruit component is full-bodied, with medium acidity.
Black-cherry aromas meet with hints of tar and mineral on the restrained nose of this bottling from a historic property in the mountains behind Arroyo Grande. Tart black-plum skin, black raspberry and boysenberry show on the sip, framed by fine-grained, chalky tannins and lifted by a plummy earthiness and touches of dried mint, white sage and pepper.
There almost is the slightest touch of lovely Poire William spirit on the nose. This is a lovely pear-scented, dry wine of immense fruitfulness. A homely earthiness counteracts this and makes for a concentrated, medium-dry but mellow palate. The finish is off dry, lasting and mouthfilling. There is something immensely satisfying about this.
An austere element of smoked meat, moist pipe tobacco and ripe blackberry opens the nose of this concentrated Rosso di Montalcino. This is a brawny, masculine wine with loads of spicy intensity to match marinated barbecue steak.
On the thin side, with watered-down blackberry and currant flavors, but gets the Cabernet job done effectively, at a fair price. It's full bodied and tannic, with a spicy finish.
A refreshing, crisp wine from the owners of Château de Fuissé, this has delicious acidity along with lemon and yeast flavors. A tangy, mineral character brings out the elegant texture of the fruit. It is ready to drink.
Expensive for what you're getting. The wine starts with a reddish-green set of aromas, which are backed by generic red-fruit flavors that are medium to narrow in scope and just don't taste much like Cabernet. Time allows it to show a bit more, but always it seems basic and shy.
Feels harsh and bitter in the mouth, with simple, sweet flavors of raisins, white sugar and alcohol.
Full-bodied and richly textured, this isn't a prototypically delicate Côte Rôtie, but it's still very enjoyable. Clove and black olive notes are backed by plummy fruit, capped off by a long, dusty finish. Drink now–2025.
A rich, interesting wine at the junction between fresh, primary fruit and aged, bottled character. The blackberries and cherries are drying out, turning earthy and mushroomy. Yet the wine remains vibrant and tannic. Will continue to age for many years.
This is so ripe it smells like raisin extract and prune juice. A murky, stewy palate and overt raisiny flavors finish with a rubbery, tannic feel. Acceptable but with glaring weaknesses.
Soft and generous in fruit, this wine needs a good steak to show its stuff. It's dry, with a gentle scour of tannins framing earthy blackberry, cherry, blueberry, orange zest and oak flavors, and a dustiness that calls Rutherford to mind. Grows in the glass.
Leoness is one of the pioneers of viticulture in the Riverside County region. This wine starts with aromas of mocha, menthol, caramel and cedar. Once sipped, it proves more delicate than expected, with lavender and blackberries. The tannins could use smoothing out, but it would go well with a rich beef dish.
This opens with weedy aromas along with whiffs of coffee, espresso and toasted oak. The raw palate displays oak, licorice and dried sage but it lacks fruit richness. Astringent tannins generate an abrupt finish.
Blueberry, plum and cardamom aromas include a whiff of wood smoke. A balanced palate has energy along with brambly berry and chocolate flavors. A chewy, solid finish is good but less lively than the palate.
Aromas like jam and maple syrup and equally ripe, generous flavors give this medium-bodied wine an easy appeal. The texture is soft for this type, the flavors are not too deep and the finish is light.
This is a solid and balanced wine, with lively aromas and flavors of red cherry, strawberry and banana. Light weight and easy drinking, the softly tannic structure transitions seamlessly into the clean, fruity finish.
Cherry, cassis and spice aromas are mild and comported. The wine feels chewy and just dense enough, with baked cassis, berry and herb flavors that finish toasty and hot, with a rubbery note. Clean aromas and full fruit flavors are this wine's best attributes.
Floral notes mix with heady aromas of red berry and clay. This wine is soft and dry in the mouth but seems a bit hollow, despite delivering some nice chalky berry flavors that turn to plum on the finish. Imported by Cape Wine Ventures.
Warmer weather in Hawkes Bay means this wine shows less of the aggressively pungent grapefruit and herb aromas of Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc. This is a soft, creamy, very approachable wine that finishes with just a hint of grapefruit.
This is a ripe, full wine that has both citrus fruit and richer pineapple and melon flavors. It is a spicy wine, touching on pepper and finishing with tight acidity. With its attractive fruit, it is ready to drink.
Produced from 40-year-old vines, this wine is ripe, full of red fruits with good concentration. It is packed with crisp acidity and lively fruitiness, making it refreshing and drinkable. The lees aging before bottling has added extra depth to the flavors. Drink now.
Vigneto annually honors a single grower from among Ponzi's suppliers; here the spotlight is on Bieze vineyard in the Eola-Amity Hills AVA. The sweet raspberry fruit brings overtones of spiced orange peel, clove and marzipan, and the wine has sustained length and power, with exceptional purity throughout.
This opens with aromas of red berry, underbrush, spice, scorched earth and a funky note of wild game. The lively palate has succulent black cherry, crushed raspberry, cake spice and tobacco while velvety tannins and zesty acidity provide back up. It ends with an orange-peel finish.
Aromas of underbrush, mushroom and dried tobacco leaves lead the nose. The muddled palate delivers a clash of flavors including dill, sugary vanilla, bitter dark chocolate, sweet oak and espresso alongside green tannins.
A taut, terroir-driven wine that builds ripe fruits over the tight core of minerality. There is a youthful tang of orange zest over the sweet currants, while the acidity adds fresheness. This wonderful wine just needs aging; give it 5–6 years. Imported by Vin Divino.
Showing lots more depth and focus than Husch's regular Pinot Noir, this wine comes from nearly 40-year-old grapes grown on the estate. It's charming, light and silky in the mouth, with brilliant acidity framing intense flavors of cherries and spices. Should age well for up to a decade.
Initial aromas of buttered popcorn and tropical fruit fade, then reawaken as butterscotch candy. Caramelized pears are topped with lots of oaky spice on the finish.
A restrained nose with hints of hazelnut, banana and peach leads to a juicy but restrained palate where texture is as important as flavor. This wine is balanced and structured. A slight touch of residual sugar rounds out the fruit and creates a just off-dry finish.
There's a note of candied fruit or butterscotch at the start of this Vermentino from southern Tuscany that is followed by pear, peach and white almond. The finish is short, crisp and spicy.
90-92. Barrel sample. This wine feels solid, with its tannins forming a base for the juicy red- and dark-berry flavors. It shows a dry side and a dense finish.
Earthy notes are mixed into the perfume of fleshy, ripe apricots, edged with baking spice. The palate plays on the same register of ripe stone fruit tempered by spice, earth and dried orange peel. This is dry and slender but incisive and concentrated—very grown up and appealing in a restrained, elegant fashion. The finish is clean and long. Drink 2016–2025.
Executed in a frizzante style (with less intense bubbling), this easy sparkler offers delicate aromas of stone fruit, citrus and bitter almond. Pair this with finger foods.
Dark berry and black cooking spice aromas lead the nose on this straightforward red. The dense, simple palate offers blackberry jam and a note of anise alongside compact, rounded tannins. Drink through 2016.
There is a great, juicy feel to this otherwise serious and firm wine. Black fruit flavors push through the structure, offering richness as well as power. The acidity, layers of toast and an impressively fresh feel all come through strongly. It needs aging; drink from 2017.
Playful aromas of sweet fruit and watermelon candy open the nose of this bright Piedirosso wine. It's smooth and easygoing in the mouth and would pair with grilled sausage or lamb chops.
Dry and tantalizingly complex, with racy acidity and elegance. It shows Meyer lemon, lime, pear and sweet gooseberry flavors, with a touch of vanilla and toast from oak aging.
Salted grapefruit skins, browned butter and a toasted-nut element arise on the nose of this wine from a vineyard near the tiny Salinas Valley town of San Ardo. It offers acidic energy and tight minerality on the palate, with ripe aromatic apples showing midway through the sip.
Earthy cherry and plum aromas come with hints of sweet plastic and heat. This is plenty strong on the palate, with just enough elegance and restraint to create a sense of comfort. Ripe berry and plum flavors are syrupy at first then loamy, while the finish is steady and solid. Drink through 2018.
This impressive wine combines power and style. It has a classic Bordeaux-like aroma that's subtly spicy, very clean, complex and precise. Then loads of red and black fruit flavors come out, seeming almost sweet for a moment until those firm tannins and lively acidity kick in to add a textural grip. The finish lingers, with light spicy oak notes that fade slowly. Best now through 2020.
Ripe red fruit shines brightly amidst darker notes of damp foliage and leather that add complexity and depth to this fleshy red blend. Soft and fresh on the palate with a restrained acidity, it's a rustic, yet elegant wine.
Shows sweet blackberry or cherry liqueur aromas, followed by spice, leather and moist pipe tobacco. Coffee or dark espresso, too. Well structured, firm and extracted, with good intensity and staying power. Drink after 2018.
This ultraripe Malbec-led blend suggests aged P. X. Sherry via raisin and citrus peel aromas. A jammy palate manages to exhibit balance, despite heavy ripeness, while flavors of blackberry, cassis and prune are dark and dense. A savory, warm, saturated finish continues the theme of maximum ripeness. Drink through 2020.
Ripe, smooth and rich, this bears flavors of milk chocolate, blackberry jam, molasses and black licorice. The tannins are thick and supple, yet the mouthfeel remains firm. It finishes dry and spicy. This can be consumed now with roasted meat or beef stew.
Château Mouton Rothschild's white wine fits easily into the rich, modern style favored for the château's reds. There are layers of vanilla and wood, with a ripe, round creaminess. Could age, due to good depth of flavor and some complexity from the acidity.
Fresh wine, crisp with plenty of sunny red fruits and light acidity. There's a good red currant element, giving a lively lift, with a touch of caramel to finish.
Here's a fine Merlot that needs a little while to calm down. Already it's an intense wine, complex in fruit, oak, coffee and dried herb flavors, and as gentle and soft as it is, the tannins keep things firm and edgy. Best through 2007.
Lees notes take the lead on this unusual wine, followed by aromas of apricot, almond butter and cream. It drinks a hair off dry with a lightly creamy feel.
With organically grown grapes from both Lake County (58%) and Mendocino (42%), this showcases the best of both regions. It has a great mix of lemon, grapefruit, honeydew and kiwi freshness that remains balanced on the finish. It's a quaffable summer wine.
Very fruity, with flavors of peaches and nectarines, this simple white wine is soft, and finishes a little sweet.
An initial hit of game sets the scene for this savory Bordeaux-style blend, which has succeeding notes of tar, blackberry, rock, licorice and cocoa. Medium to full bodied, it feels poised, with accessible acids and well-managed tannins that bolster the palate. The earthy, expressive finish picks up a hint of cedar. A blend of 71% Cabernet Sauvignon, 15% Cabernet Franc, 7% Petit Verdot and 7% Merlot.
They say the vines are 100 years old, and the blend is one of those old-fashioned ones of various red grapes, including Mataro, Zinfandel, Carignane and Petite Sirah. The wine is rustic and soft, with extracted blackberry, cherry and raspberry jam flavors.
This is an oaky Chardonnay, but the oak has been nicely integrated. The buttered toast notes complement the tropical fruit, peach and lemon-lime contributions of the grapes. Excellent acidity completes the balance.
This stunning red was a favorite amidst a strong line up of North Fork Cabernet Franc. There's a purity of black cherry and plum flavors here, but also meandering veins of animal, earth and herb that feel a bit savage and wild. Crisply composed, it finishes with delicate whispers of anise and cinnamon. Ready to drink now but should improve through 2024.
Tomato, red bell pepper, plum and currant aromas have a slightly sharp, varietal-related minty, green angle. This feels round and creamy on the tongue, with good acidity propping up flavors of baked berries, spice, chocolate, raw oak and vanilla. A medium-length finish with baking spice flavors confirms the wine's power.
For a Priorat red, this is lean and snappy, with hot, stemmy aromas and light-bodied, racy fruit flavors. It's a blend of six different grapes, and overall it comes across just well enough to be worth a go. That said, it is kind of short and scratchy given its domain.
Off a beat from the great '03, closer to the '02, this is an elegant young sparkler, lacking a bit in finesse. This 100% Chardonnay has slightly sweet flavors of lemon candy and yeast.
Aromas of baked plum, espresso, dark spice, leather and a balsamic note lead the way. On the chewy full-bodied palate, bracing tannins support juicy cherries marinated in spirits, raspberry, orange zest, licorice and tobacco. Fresh acidity lends balance. It still needs years to come around. Drink 2022–2035.
Notes of waxy white flower, lemon peel and lanolin add a minerally slick to the ripe flavors of pineapple and yellow peach on this penetrating Riesling. Delicately textured with loads of tangy acidity, it finishes quite long, with a hint of bitter tea leaf.
Native Italian grape Garganega and Sauvignon Blanc are blended to produce a layered white wine with fresh tones of stone fruit, kiwi, melon and lemon zest. This interesting combination offers good, fresh acidity and vibrant fruit flavors.
You'll want to age this wine for a good 6–8 years, because right now it's rather tough in tannins, and the fruit and oak have not married. Nonetheless it's quite a good wine. Shows complex layers of blackberries, currants and caramelized oak. Lifts Alexander Valley Cabernet above its usual level into noteworthy.
Strawberry, field grass and creamy, lactic aromas feed into a bright palate with ripe but short flavors of melon and spiced apple. This is dry and dusty on the finish, with fresh acidity and a touch of powdered sugar flavor.
Full-bodied and richly textured, with Penfolds' hallmark weight and structure on full display, the 2008 RWT shows a touch of the vintage's characteristic warmth, but only a touch. The cassis and blackberry fruit is plush, velvety and superripe, ending with hints of tobacco, mint and vanilla. It should drink well for at least a decade.
Gavin Chanin's wines manage to pack a stunning array of elements behind a veil of restraint, here showing sea salt, lemon skins, struck flint and smoked nectarine on the nose. The palate is alkaline and botanical in presentation, offering lime skin, chalk, dried butter flakes, cement and a salty acidity. The wine tastes like foggy sunshine.
This rosé has a gorgeous nose of strawberry, watermelon and white tea. Ultra refreshing in taste, the palate boasts pomelo, fresh berry and melon. Zippy and bright with tingly acidity, it has a long, evolving finish.
A little on the sweet-tasting side, this Cabernet Sauvignon abounds with flavors of blackberry and cherry pie filling, which give it a direct, candied taste. The tannins and acids are superior, and the wine should benefit from 3–4 years in a cellar.
Still coming into its own, this blend of Syrah (60%) and Cabernet Sauvignon from top sites Grand Ciel, Ciel du Cheval, Upchurch and Klipsun vineyards offers reticent notes of blackberries, herbs and roasted meat. It's loaded with rich, powerful dark fruit flavors that linger on the finish.
This is a simultaneously fruity and savory wine of complexity and power from one of Victoria's underrated regions, Heathcote. From a mix of granite and the region's famed Cambrian red soils, this wine offers ripe blue and red fruit, florals and a peppery, olivey punch. The juicy fruit continues on the palate but here the savory elements play more of a starring role: Dried herbs and graphite are woven into fine-grained tannins and a long, almost tangy finish. Drink now–2027.
A smooth, rich wine, it is just losing its flavors of wood aging and developing its black fruit flavors to show the opulence of the vintage. Structure and a solid texture frame the ripe fruit. It could still age, so wait until 2015.
Bright and refreshing, this opens with white spring flower and yellow stone fruit aromas. The linear palate evokes yellow peach, mature apple and juicy nectarine, brightened with tangy acidity. It finishes clean and crisp.
This firm, strongly tannic wine possesses all the right weight and richness. Dense tannins push the wine forward, with a sweet-tasting plum note, plus acidity. For aging over 4–5 years.
This likeable wine is a blend of Pinot Grigio, Sauvignon Blanc and Chardonnay. It has a myriad of flavors ranging from dry, grassy citrus fruits through riper peaches to wildflowers and apricots. It shows real flair in the zesty acidity, rich finish and overall balance.
Richly oaked, this full-bodied wine wraps sweet baking-spice flavors around mouthfilling ripe, plump fruit. It has a smooth texture and persistent fruit and cinnamon flavors that linger on the finish.
This intensely fruity wine is full of tropical fruit notes, with delicious peach and apricot accents. Its acidity is juicy and fragrant, filling out its crispness with almost New World-fruit flavors.
From one of the most creative. quality-minded estates in Montacino, this beautiful Brunello opens with beautiful intensity and elegant aromas of cassis, espresso bean, licorice and cola. The fruit is organically farmed and there is a touch of cherry sweetness on the finish that distinguishes it.
Gritty aromas of tire rubber, burnt meat and herbal black fruits introduce a grabby palate with lightly herbal but heavily oaked flavors of plum and berry. A firm snappy finish tastes a touch salty as well as minty. Drink through 2024.
Rounded and soft, this is a wine that is still developing. It exhibits ripe, powerful fruit flavors, but with a spicy edge. Hints of wood aging show through as the wine opens up, but it's still young, and will need time to bring out its complexity. Drink from 2016.
Steely and crisp with lemon and lime, this Riesling would be ideal to sip while making a meal or at a picnic with friends. It's long on the finish with a texture that's weighty enough to go mano-a-mano with spicy sausage or seafood.
Verging on impenetrable, this is a dark and intensely concentrated offering. Aromas of asphalt, black olive and tea leaves hint at the complexities yet to emerge, while the richly tannic palate is chewy and drying yet mouthwatering at the same time. Drink 2015–2025.
Tightly wound and spicy, this elegant wine captures the varietal character with crisp pear fruit, annotated with minty anise. It's tangy, sleek, fine-boned and tart, fading gracefully as it winds into a clean finish.
From vines in the plain between Corton and Beaune, this wine is full of ripe red fruits. Its soft, rounded character is spiced with acidity and the wood aging. Soft tannins fill the texture. Drink from 2018.
This ripe and smooth wine is fragrant, spicy and delicious in apricot and peach flavors. There is a crisp texture to the wine, with streaks of freshness and minerality. The finish has refreshing acidity and a salty kick, making this ideal for pairing with food.
A bit on the soft side, but very delicious, with melted butter, ripe pineapple, lemondrop and cinnamon spice flavors that finish long and dry.
Orange rind and exotic spices lend a mysterious appeal to ripe, rich flavors of melon, mango and peach on this intoxicating, unctuous Riesling. It's sunny and sweet on the palate, but tart tangerine acidity makes it refreshingly thirst quenching.
This single-vineyard wine is a showcase of ripeness—fruity and smooth with great plum and wild strawberry flavors. It's intensely structured and dense on the palate, however, making it a wine for aging. Drink from 2016.
Very cohesive aromas of blueberry and black currant meet with deep violet, lilac and brioche aromas on this bottling of the relatively rare grape from Southwest France. A well-woven tapestry of blueberry mousse, cola spice, root beer, dried ginger and clove dust make for layers and layers of thick and impressive flavor.
From a very reliable series of well-priced wines, this one shows a clean nose of slate, rose petals and a hint of lilac. The light and airy flavors are reminiscent of rose water, with olallieberry and hibiscus elements spicing up the palate.
Jammy raspberry aromas are easygoing and come with a hint of tobacco. It feels grabby but good, with lots of spice, pepper, herb and dark fruit flavors on the palate. The finish is healthy and well lifted, with a light but fresh herbal accent.
So elegant, a wine with just a fine balance. It has creamy apple fruit flavors, hedgerow fruits, with a line of crisp acidity to cut through the fruitiness and give a more mineral edge. It will be worth aging this wine for 2–3 years. Drink after 2014.
Aromas of citrus zest, orchard fruit and a hint of toasted walnut lead the nose. The palate includes mature peach, pear and mineral alongside bright acidity. A hint of hazelnut signals the close.
Jammy blue and blackberry fruit that might have grounded a rich, balanced wine is overwhelmed by a cedary element that enters early and doesn't leave. The mouthfeel is even, and the sweet-sour finish shows leathery notes, but the flavor range in this overoaked wine is reduced and woody.
This is a mineral-textured wine, full of fruit and with a background of firm tannins. Its juicy fruits and acidity, the red berry flavors and the balance create a wine that is not too dense, but with a firm core. It will be accessible soon, ready to drink from 2018.
This wine tastes common and sharp, with candied licorice and blackberry flavors. While it's nicely dry, the texture is not pleasing.
Thick, concentrated, almost syrupy aromas of blueberry, fudge, espresso and a splash of crème de menthe show on this attention-grabbing bottling of 61% Petit Verdot, 21% Cabernet Sauvignon and 18% Merlot. The palate is happily not as thick as expected, offering dark chocolate, minty licorice and espresso flavors, leaving a menthol zing on the tongue into the finish.
Lively and aromatic, this shows aromas of candied peach, Juicy Fruit gum and white flower. The palate shows pleasant weight, texture and more tart flavors. The addition of 6% Petit Manseng brings acidic lift that lasts through the finish.
Salmon pink-colored wine that has crushed fresh strawberry flavors to go with the dense texture and tannins. Rich, full-bodied.
A warm, soft wine, it has peach and pear flavors. It is gently fruity with attractive acidity that gives a light lift. Just right as an apéritif, the wine should be drunk now.
Despite a mild green character, this is mostly a solid, saturated wine. The nose has lettuce, pepper and berry scents, and the palate is racy and snappy, with red fruit and herbal accents. It's competent and definitely looks, smells and tastes like Syrah.
Notes of caramel sauce and balsamic reduction grace the jammy raspberry and cherry center of this wine. The medium-weight palate offers surprisingly gripping tannins, with a fine sandpaper-like texture and lively notes of black currant and plum. Drink now.
Camphor, menthol, toast and espresso aromas lead the nose. The firm, tightly wound palate shows roasted coffee bean, dried cherry and licorice alongside bracing tannins.
A beautifully balanced and nuanced wine. The aromas are heady and thick but still vibrant, displaying juicy notes of black cherry, black raspberry sauce and semidried fig laced with accents of bittersweet chocolate, tobacco and white pepper. The texture is like crushed satin, with well-integrated tannins and a creamy mouthfeel. Touches of licorice root and smoky cedar spice augment the dark fruit on the lengthy finish. Drink now–2014.
Attractive aromas of pipe tobacco, plum and baking spice lead the nose. The tight, elegant palate delivers wild cherry, blackberry, licorice and a hint of mineral framed in austere fine-grained tannins that lend firm structure and polished texture. Fresh acidity provides balance. Give it time to unwind. Drink 2020–2030.
An aromatic, fruity nose and balanced fruity/floral flavors recommend this elegant Chardonnay from Recas. Good minerality and acid and a lingering finish add to the appeal. Pair with poultry, pork.
The pure, delicate but ever so authentic scent of fragrant Muscat grapes rises from the glass. The palate is a joy: a feather-light, fragrant but intense experience of pure Muscat flavor. There is the textural tinge of lemon freshness and the uncompromising notion of stone on a dry, sprightly and utterly disarming palate of immense purity. What we are left with is a notion of fragrance and stone.
There's a surprising element of power to this Pinot Noir. Intense in dark cherry cola, clove and nutmeg, it offers a pronounced finish of wintery cardamom and caramel. The body is medium weight and the tannins smooth and silky.
Cassis liqueur, blueberry notes and a smoky cured-meat element comprise the nose of this engaging, beautifully balanced offering. Dried cherry, cedar, tea and tobacco flavors predominate, and the texture is supple. The long finish displays handsome cherry and coffee notes, with plentiful but even tannins. Almost drinkable now, but best after 2002.
A gentle light wine that seems diluted. It has only hints of fruit and acidity, all very easy and ripe to drink. The wine is ready.
Here's an excellent measuring stick with which to gauge some of the world's best Nebbiolo-based wines. This bright Barolo from the Sarmassa cru delivers textbook aromatic nuances of small berry, cinnamon, dried currants, licorice and balsam freshness. Tight tannins and a fine texture will enable longevity. Cellar this wine ten years or more.
Earthy black cherry and plum flavors are solid and steady, as is the palate on this honest yet basic Garnacha. Flavors of black plum, blackberry and dry spices finish well. Overall, this value wine gets it right without forcing anything.
As you'd expect from this pioneering Oregon winery, this is a smooth, sophisticated, accessible yet ageable wine. Polished berry and cherry fruit is swathed in cola and cocoa highlights, running through silky tannins. Drink now through 2020.
Made in the sweet, crisp and fruity style that made Moscato catch on with so many consumers, this could double as a dessert sipper. It has flavors of orange meringue pie and vanilla honey.
This Xinomavro, with its compelling nose of coffee, cinnamon spice and olive, has a rough character that both distinguishes it (showing its Greek blood) and makes it tough to embrace. Tannic and slightly tart, with an underlay of spice, the wine wants more balance and less barb.
Simple, crisp and fresh, this easy-going effort offers tight aromas of wild berry, dried herb and cola.
Always a fine value, a price drop has made this a must-buy red for everyday enjoyment. Black fruits revel in a bed of mocha, and the acids bring a touch of citrus.
A wine that offers elegance, the wood flavors going with strawberry and dark berry flavors. There is an earthy, undergrowth character here as well, bringing out a bitter edge to counteract the sweet, jammy finish.
Grassy and green-smelling, with hints of asparagus, green tobacco and sea air. This is true cool-climate white wine, and it shows its proximity to the ocean via aromas of green bean, asparagus and citrus. It's lean as can be, and tight as a drum. It's a terroir wine that has good freshness but could benefit from slightly more amplified fruit.
Fruity and simple, a mélange of thorn bush berry and tree fruit flavors encased in silky tannins and adequate acids. A good candidate for a tutorial on Pinot Noir.
Roasted berry and plum aromas go counter to the wine's tough, tannic, semisour feel and flavor profile. Lean, a little choppy and tight in the mouth, with herbal cherry notes on the finish. Generic except for its hardness.
Slightly earthy aromas blow off with aeration to reveal a delightfully balanced wine full of juicy, concentrated peach, lychee and rose water flavors. While intensely floral and a touch sweet on the palate, sunny acidity lends a brisk, easy drinking feel. Drink now.
This opens with aromas of stewed plum, cherry marinated in spirits, cellar floor and a hint of soy sauce. The aromas carry over to the dense palate along with licorice and a hint of orange peel.
One of the ripest of Hartford's new Pinots, this is a full-bodied and very rich wine. It offers extreme flavor in place of subtlety, offering a massive palate wash of blackberries and cherries that veers into Lifesaver candy. The bet is ageability. Hold until after 2011.
Here's a rich, full-bodied wine that rolls from the first floral sniff into a wellspring of deep, briary, berry-cherry fruit. Peppery spices and dried Mediterranean herbs meld on an endlessly fascinating finish that promises decades of development ahead.
This is a barrel selection from the winery's Sleepy Hollow Vineyard and is one of the most concentrated Chardonnays in California. Has the honeyed richness of a botrytized wine, but is absolutely dry. Tastes like an apricot and pineapple tart, with seasonings of nutmeg, cinnamon, and the smoky, nutty pie crust. Very few California Chardonnays need time, but this one does. Stash until late 2008, but this powerhouse should gradually peak over a decade.
A true Sangiovese with texture, structure and tannin. Ample fruit and savory components begin in the aroma and spread out on the palate. It tastes dry, medium-bodied and mouthwatering in a way that is flavorful yet holds a bit of itself in reserve. Made from 77% Amador County grapes, with the rest from Yolo and Lake. Enjoy through 2017.
Sweet black fruit, road tar and a whiff of grass makes for an interesting, attractive nose. With its medium body and medium depth, the palate shows cherry, cassis and tomato flavors, and the finish offers a rush of red fruit, tannin and brown sugar. While this doesn't bowl you over, it's good Spanish Cabernet Sauvignon, something you don't find every day.
Reserved aromas of pencil lead, butterscotch and spice are followed by a full-bodied, creamy feeling palate, with a thread of lemony acidity that runs throughout. It's a compelling example of the variety, with a finish that won't quit.
A coming together of nearly equal parts Cabernet Franc and Cabernet Sauvignon with smaller additions of Merlot, Malbec and Petit Verdot, this shows a confectionary streak of cherry-vanilla, its fruitiness offset by dry, dense tannins and cedar-tinged oak.
Lush and extracted, spicy and full-bodied, this is a wonderful effort that showcases the ripeness of the 2003s. Spicy, tannic and laden with grace notes of mineral, iodine and licorice.
Fresh yet focused aromas of pressed boysenberries, white pepper, beef jerky, teriyaki and wet stone greet the nose on this bottling by winemaker Fintan du Fresne. Asphalt-laden flavors of black cherries, dill and dried mint decorate a medium-bodied palate that will appeal to fans of both cool and warmer-climate Syrah.
Whiffs of cured meat and dark plum compote entice on the nose of this richly fruity Cabernet Franc. The palate is medium bodied and luscious, with flavors of sweet red plums and cherries. Green, leafy notes and nervy acidity add refreshment and verve.
Le Vigne Barolo offers beautiful clarity and purity in the form of black licorice, cherry cola, spice and black fruit. There's a smoky or ashy note in the background and the wine feels balanced and integral on the tongue thanks to its tight tannins and gritty texture. Cellar for five plus years and drink with lamb cassoulet.
A blend of 65% Chardonnay and 35% Pinot Nero, this copper-colored wine features subtle aromas of rose, passion fruit and red berry. The lively palate offers strawberry, ripe apple and a hint of bread crust alongside brisk acidity and persistent bubbles.
Still quite compact with youthful tension and energy, this will reward your patience. Dense flavors of raspberry, boysenberry and cassis are streaked with espresso and dark chocolate. The length is impressive.
A densely tannic wine that is showing fine aging potential. It is well endowed with weight, acidity and ripe black currant fruits. With the rich fruit that opens slowly in the mouth, it has a fine combination of sweetness and structure. Age for 5–6 years.
Faint hints of grapefruit zest and lemon characterise nose and slender palate. This is slimline, very clean, fizzing with freshness and summery ease. Wonderfully light.
This dense, wood-laden wine has ripe spice and dark tannins. It's heavy with wood as well as black currant fruits and acidity. It is young and needs time to integrate, so don't drink before 2016.
Toffee, exotic spice, vanilla, raspberry and cranberry aromas are backed by full-bodied fruit and barrel flavors. There's a lot of fruit in the bottle but the oak seems to get in the way.
A sturdy red, it offers a deep color plus oak and smoke aromas. Moderate flavors combine fruit and savory nuances with a firmly tannic texture that's appropriate for a full-flavored and medium-bodied wine like this. Blended from 70% Petite Sirah plus Cinsault, Grenache and Syrah.
Sweet berry aromas are a bit warm and herbal, while the palate has good feel and soft, earthy flavors of herbs and generic berry fruit. Light on the finish, with a slight leafy note. Has good mouthfeel and doesn't overdo it.
Racy acidity is the key to this wine's explosive succulence and impressive structure and likability, a study in detailed winemaking. Full-bodied, it hides its weight, highlighted in wild strawberry, currant and leathery black pepper.
Floral scents of peach blossom, broom and a whiff of pear mingle in the glass. On the bright palate, toasted almond and aromatic herb give interest to the core of Golden Delicious apple and citrus. It's refreshing and balanced with vibrant acidity.
Woodspice, herb and coffee aromas vie for attention on this blend of Champoux (60%) and Ciel du Cheval vineyard fruit. The black-fruit flavors show a good sense of balance that lingers through the long, mesquite-accented finish.
Here's a rich and thickly extracted Barbera d'Alba with purplish hues to its ruby color and bright aromas of cherry, black currants and cassis. Like many of the wines from the Alba area, we notice quite a lot of toast here that comes forth as cinnamon, vanilla and exotic spice.
A wine that is so perfumed, consummate pleasure to drink. It is soft as well as rich, the spice packed into a rounded structure. Drink now.
Soft and ripe, this wine has an easy, approachable character. It brings out the warmth of the Alentejo with a rounded character, rich black-cherry flavors and enticing acidity. Drink now.
Dark pink in color, this full wine offers tannins as well as crisp red fruits, giving it structure and a firm texture. The wine blends nearly all Bordeaux grapes: Malbec, Cabernet Franc, Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot. Drink it chilled, like a rosé.
Agostino Marsuret proposes this fresh sparkling wine made with Glera, Verdiso and Perera grapes. The soft sparkler offers just a touch of sweetness with easy layers of peach and grapefruit that pull back slowly.
Capitel del Monte is a beautiful expression of Cabernet Sauvignon from northeast Italy that shows enormous density and purity. It's a succulent, rich wine with black cherry, exotic spice, leather and espresso bean. It imparts dusty but firm tannins on the long finish.
Here's an absolutely terrific, but informal sparkling rosé from southern Italy (made with Negroamaro grapes). Sweet berry, chopped mint and peach come to the fore and the wine is soft and slightly sweet. It's easy, fresh and would make a great cocktail choice.
This is the first vintage of this new purchase by Sylvie Cazes, a leading figure in the Bordeaux wine scene. A classed growth, it's richly fruity yet structured and firm, with dense tannins and layers of delicious black fruit. With its tannins still well at the fore, it will need to age further, so drink from 2022.
Loamy, earthy blackberry and plum aromas are woody and attractive. This is loud and lively on the palate, with acidity and tannins making their presence felt. Blackberry and baked plum are the key flavors, and this finishes loamy and smooth. Drink through 2018.
If there is any criticism to be made of this wine, it might be that it is just too fruity. Waves of honey and tropical fruit coat the mouth, wonderfully balanced by zesty acidity, and while it is sweet and lush it never seems cloying or heavy. Delicious now–2015, at least.
Made with 100% Sangiovese, this easygoing wine has subdued aromas of blue flower and strawberry. The straightforward palate shows crushed red cherry, leather and a sprinkling of cake spice.
Pure fruit flavors are fresh, but still show the ripeness of 2009. This is a fruity, ready-to-drink wine that has citrus, green plums and fresh acidity.
A finely structured wine, its tannin fitting well into the rich texture, with berry fruits, dark plums and bitter coffee adding an extra dimension.
Light, inoffensive, mildly salinic and sporting melon, lychee and lime aromas and flavors. This is yet another basic, clean, generic, slightly pithy Torrontés made for immediate consumption. Smells nice, tastes good and goes down without a fuss.
A deep color and aromas of toasted baguette, wood smoke and black cherry signal a classic style. The flavors are like dark-chocolate-covered cherries and cranberries. The toasted character of new oak barrels persists from the aroma to the finish, but it's well complemented by ripe fruit, an impressively tannic texture and lingering finish.
Chateau St. Jean has a long history with Sauvignon Blanc, and this affordable wine shows their mastery of the variety. It's dry and crisply balanced, with delicious flavors of lemons, limes, pineapples and honeysuckle that are brightened with crisp acidity. A touch of Viognier, oak and lees adds complexities that make this a great bargain.
Weir has never been my favorite Williams Selyem Pinot, although it has its fans. The ‘05, as with previous vintages, is dry and tannic, showing a toughness that's almost rustic. The flavors are of cherries, cassis, cola, balsamic-splashed sautéed wild mushrooms and dusty spices. Could do interesting things over the years.
Attractive tobacco, cedar, graphite, coconut and blackberry aromas are an ideal invitation to this balanced, full-bodied blend of Malbec, Carmenère, Cabernet Franc and Syrah. Flavors of blackberry, mocha, fig paste, spice and chocolate finish dark, ripe and slightly soft. Drink through 2018.
The structure is the thing here, a square, firmly tannic wine. The dry core of this impressive wine spreads out to the dark plum skin and loganberry flavors, solid and finely angled.
Moody, complex and brooding, this is a superb wine and an exceptional value. Purple violets, black forest cake, cocoa nibs and espresso granules all abound on the nose, backed by dark juicy black raspberries. Full and firmly structured in the mouth with notes of pepper, tea, smoked meat and black fruit on the palate.
Lush and fragrant, and happily and distinctively not tasting like a Washington Cabernet or Merlot, this is a bowl of rose petals and ripe cherries. Strong acids, earthy tannins, slivers of chocolate and a finish of espresso all combine into a lovely and lasting set of flavors. 100% varietal, aged in neutral barrels.
Firm, well-modulated and medium-bodied, this estate-grown wine brings a mix of apple flesh and skin, along with a strong scent of biscuit. and hint of vanilla. Overall it's staunchly varietal, though not especially complex.
There's a soft, almost plush mouthfeel and a creamy quality to this wine's aromas and flavors. The dark cherry fruit sports both chocolate and vanilla accents. A touch of espresso on the finish is accompanied by full but soft tannins, giving this wine the structure to age a few years.
Very full-bodied and rich, almost flirting with Rhône-ness, with its big cherry, black raspberry and plum flavors, and overlay of oak. It's certainly a delicious wine, but is it Pinot Noir?
Round and ripe, this balances rich white- and yellow-fruit flavors with fine lime and pink grapefruit acidity. The result is balanced and fruity, with a fine, crisp finish.
Made from 56% Syrah, 25% Grenache and 19% Mourvèdre, this wine currently has locked-up aromas, with notes of dark cherry, blue fruit, herbs and vanilla bean. The jammy red and black fruit flavors are considerably more expressive, with a palate-coating feel and plenty of intensity.
This is a good price for a Pinot of this quality. On the plus side, it's dry, tannic and silky, with pomegranate, cola and cherry skin flavors, as well as complexing notes of portobello mushrooms and sandalwood. It's a little rustic and won't age, and shows best if decanted before drinking.
Drinks a bit simple and rustic, with chewy tannins and dried herbs, but there's no denying the plethora of ripe blackberry, plum, cherry and mocha flavors.
This bold, spicy wine will appeal to those who love modern reds with thick concentration and lingering oak-driven flavors. Black cherry, prune and ripe blueberry do come into view, but the protagonist here is the oak. The wine has chewy tannins, good length on the finish and would pair with grilled meats or aged cheeses.
This is meant to be a special selection from the Tulum Valley, but it's rather thick, tarry and candied. A sugary palate the consistency of berry syrup is the vehicle for this oaky, black-fruit heavyweight that is sweet beyond what it should be.
This wine is mostly Merlot (77%), fleshed out by Cabernet Sauvignon (20%) and Petit Verdot. Fresh aromas of plum, herb, bittersweet chocolate and red fruit are followed by medium-bodied, lightly sweet fruit flavors. The tannins bring some grit and it shows some heat on the finish.
Rich aromas of late summer are here: the ripe peel of yellow pears, luscious peach and yellow Mirabelle plum plus some dried hayflower notes. There is power and depth, along with some alcoholic heat and balancing acidity—beautiful now but it will get even better. Drink until 2020.
Solid herbal notes of fresh thyme and bay leaf lead the nose of this Merlot, but are supported by a core of ripe dark fruit. Accents of vanilla bean and licorice root add depth to the medium-full mouthfeel. The texture is round, yet structured with fine tannins, while the finish boasts a decadent mocha touch.
With much more personality than past vintages, the wine's aromas include banana, yellow flower, peach and spice. There's good dimension and personality to this crisp, friendly white that would pair well with vegetables, fish and white meat.
Pleasant floral aromas and sunny fruit-bowl flavors meet light buttery, earthy touches in this rather light-bodied wine. This shows nice complexity on the palate, with pear, peach and apple flavors.
This wine opens with intense floral aromas that recall room freshener and cold cream. The dense palate offers exotic fruit and flavors that suggest canned peaches alongside a hint of clove. It has a bitter, nutty finish.
Smells like a burning hay stack, and otherwise it's neutral. The palate has heft but little else, and the flavors of baked apple run resiny and sweet. Finishes mealy and dull; just another in a long line of uninspiring, mediocre Argentine Chards.
This standout from the Costières has all the ingredients to age. It starts off with gorgeous aromas of garrigue, baking spices and black cherries, then delivers a rich mouthful of drying tannins. And at the end, the fruit comes through on the lengthy finish. Try this blend of 50% Syrah, 30% Mourvèdre and 20% Carignan from 2014 on.
Fragrances suggest blue flower, licorice, spice and woodland berries. The straightforward palate offers up crushed black cherry along with notes of vanilla and espresso. Drink now.
Chardonnay has not been Clos du Val's strong suit, and even though this is a reserve, it's hard to fall in love with. Dry and acidic, it lacks richness by today's standards, although you could charitably call it Chablisian. Still, it's an elegantly constructed wine with some complexity.
Grapefruit, honeysuckle and flowers on the nose are followed by full flavors of fruit and spice. A viscous mouthfeel but the wine is elegant and friendly. Lovely sip for a summer day.
Dusty saffron, earth and bitter minerals lend a savory tone to this otherwise appley, lime-inflected dry Riesling. It's crisp and sheer on the palate but the finish is bold with a steely, cool resonance. Drink now through 2019.
This wine opens with a strong herbaceous character, as scents of forest floor and menthol accent the red plum and cherry core. Fine tannins and medium weight make this an accessible wine now, with hints of black pepper and licorice spice that develop on the finish.
A solid, everyday Merlot that provides lots of bang for the buck. It's dry and full-bodied and tannic, with flavors of cherries, currants, cola and tobacco.
There's a natural herbal beauty to this wine, with pleasant notes of green pepper, fynbos, thyme, laurel, fennel bulb and lemongrass that dance around the green plum and white melon-rind fruit. The medium-weight body is balanced by lime-flavored acidity and a bitter pithy accent on the close. Drink now.
Light and refreshing, with grassy notes and kiwi aromas, this well-priced Trebbiano makes an excellent choice with cocktails or fresh summer foods like Caprese salad or grilled tuna.
A first-class Cabernet, this is dry, richly tannic and mouthwateringly tart in acidity. It shows savory blackberry and cherry flavors, while the oak gives it an umami tang of smoke. Drink now-2016.
Light and subtle yet distinct aromas of pineapple meet with crushed white rocks on the nose of this bottling. Pineapple juice flavors also arise on the palate, with is lean and crisp with touches of ripe lemon and pear flesh.
This is a simple, rustic wine, with flavors of raspberry and cherry.
A lovely bottle, loaded with textures of moist earth and herb. The fruit is tart and spicy, the flavors compact and persistent, with streaks of blueberry and black cherry, light chocolate and earth. Still a little rugged in the finish, it shows some unresolved bacon fat and green herb streaks.
Massive, flamboyantly rich, a real treasure in the mouth. Just dazzles with the intensity of cherries, black raspberries, Dr. Pepper, plums, sweet vanilla-scented sandalwood and a wild array of savory spices. The wine is a small-production barrel selection from the estate vineyard, which is in the heart of the Green Valley. Drink now and through 2013, at least.
Generic, mealy, bland and flat banana aromas and flavors. Not so bad that you can't drink it but impossible to get excited about.
A pure refined bouquet of butterscotch, caramel, spice and dried apricot aromas is appealing. This feels elegant and complete. Flavors of toasted nuts, salt, malt and stone fruits finish long, properly sharp and nutty.
Bright, clean, spicy and really tasty, this Pinot offers heaps of cherry, raspberry, clove, cinnamon, vanilla, cola and toasty flavors. It's light and silky on the palate.
A softer style of Xinomavro, with savory spice and cherry/strawberry fruit aromas. On the palate, an integrated blend of elegant berries and spice offer smooth, everyday sipping with dimension. Structed and ageable, the wine is a versatile food pairing choice—think pasta dishes, pizza and chicken.
91-93 Barrel sample. A immensely smooth, polished wine. The complement to this are the acidity, great fruit, making a modern, sophisticated wine.
This tastes soft and simple now, although considering the vineyard sourcing, that could be misleading. There's a core of raspberry and cherry fruit, with intriguing forest notes of dried pine needles and mushrooms. The acidity is just right, neither bright nor too soft. The wine isn't showing much now, but could be a sleeper. Try after 2015.
This wine is luxurious with intense pineapple and tropical fruit flavors, but feels a bit overworked with buttery, toasty oak notes.
Aged for around 30 years in wood, this wine has gained the most delicious toffee character to go with the old gold feel and wood acidity. There is a lovely rounded character, so smooth as well as intense. The Port is bottled ready to drink.
Aromas that suggest cellar floor, scorched earth, worn leather and weedy underbrush lead the nose. The evolved, diluted palate offers raisin, prune, coffee and a green note of powdered sage alongside dusty, fleeting tannins that lead to an abrupt, astringent finish.
A terrific wine whose slight residual sugar of 0.8% is balanced by crisp Monterey acidity that's so firm, the wine finishes dry. Teases the palate with tangerines, Mandarin orange blossom, bosc pears, honeysuckle and vanilla, undergirded by a stony minerality.
Plummy and tight, this wine comes from the Green Valley section of the Russian River Valley. Youthful, it hints at fierce acidity around delicately woven specks of mint, pine forest, rhubarb and clove. In the background, the region's classic cola cherry characteristic shows as well. Drink now through 2021.
This wine is mostly Cabernet Sauvignon (91%) along with pinches of Syrah and Merlot. The aromas of espresso, coffee grounds, fresh herbs and cherry pop, but don't always seem entirely harmonious. The black fruit flavors are more reserved than the aromas might suggest but still deliver.
There's great spice and depth to this tribute wine in honour of Graham Joseph Beck. Intense notes of cigar box spice, black pepper, cedar bark and cocoa powder all abound in the bouquet and follow through all the way to the long close. Black fruit flavors are present, but the spice takes center stage. Firm, gripping tannins flood the mouth and linger endlessly; try from 2014 on.
Dark, ripe, rich and inviting. Char, vanilla, mocha, blackberry. Very rich and sweet but balanced. Tannins ripe, smooth, satisfying. Now-2012.
A fresh, fruity wine, with cigar and wood aromas, spice and light black fruits. This wine comes from before the renaissance that is taking place at Lascombes, and shows the lightness of the wines produced under the old ownership. It is balanced and fresh, with a good, dry aftertaste.
Extremely ripe pear and Gravenstein apples grow toward white peach and generic stonefruit flesh on the nose of this bottling. Strong apple flavors meet with yellow pear on the slightly sweet-seeming palate.
Zantho is the ancient name of Andau, home to the winery. It specializes in wines from the local grapes, and this Blaufränkisch is a good example. The wine has some black fruit flavors, spice, hints of wood aging and a ripe, herbal, earthy aftertaste. Drink now. Glass stopper.
Firm and densely tannic, with a solid structure, this is a weighty wine, with its dark berry fruits giving extra power. The acidity does lighten it but the final effect is of a concentrated, jammy wine.
Opens with sly, clean mineral and white fruit aromas that hook you into its lively but round palate of citrus, green melon and fresh herbs. There's plenty of fruit and acidity to keep it moving, and overall it's a Verdejo done right.
No information on blending was provided by the winery; this does not show typical character of truly varietal Grenache. Rather, it falls into the category of mutt wine; a ready-to-drink, nondescript red with a stiff, herbal, earthy finish.
Very tasty, this medium-bodied version puts forward bright raspberry and ripe red cherry aromas and flavor. Not too big or bold, it's well-balanced with acidity and moderate tannins to bolster the fruit flavors.
Plum and berry aromas are tight and focused, with no indication of oak. A blend of Tempranillo and Rufete, this wine is snappy and drawing in feel. Plum and currant flavors finish long and juicy, with ripping acidity.
Layers of new wood dominate the aromas and flavor of this wine. They smother the fruit leaving a question mark over its future.
An intensely perfumed wine, tight with tannins and red stone fruits. There is some hardness initially, then the wine opens out to give juicy, ripe red plums, dry tannins, spice and sweet acidity. The finish is full and dry. Age for several years.
Bold and smoky, this offers tart, tight cherry and brambly berry fruit. The juicy acidity is counterpointed with a certain chalkiness. A whiff of truffle further complements the fruit. It's a sleek wine with surprising power.
One of the great nonvintage Champagnes, this is a wine with considerable bottle age, full of toasty flavors. With its gooseberry and apple fruit flavors, it is still fresh, but its great character comes from its supreme elegance. Imported by Frederick Wildman & Sons, Ltd.
Owner Arnaud Briday has made a firm structured cru wine. While it has the generous fruit of the year, it also has plenty of tannins that give it tension and concentration. The wine is rich with explosive berry fruits and balanced acidity. Drink from 2018.
Strawberry and wet hay aromas give way to a sweet berry-flavored attack, but the wine turns tart and almost shrill on the finish. A green, stemmy sensation lingers in the mouth, along with dark coffee flavors.
From a warm vintage, this blend is ripe yet still balanced, with aromas of prune, blackberry, tree bark and leather. The palate is saturated and broad, boasting flavors of dark, baked, black fruit accented by pepper and chocolate on the finish. Drink now.
Lean and dry on the palate, this medium-bodied wine has a subtle concentration of red-fruit flavors and fine layers of mineral and spice that unfold on the palate. Grown on a pioneering property along the Sonoma Cost, it will be best after 2020.
This is labeled as dry, which sums up this crisp and fruity wine. Delicious, refreshing acidity is gently spiced and layered with green apples and quince flavors. It's ready to drink.
This smooth and creamy wine has ripe fruit and only light acidity. It's full-bodied and on the heavy side, showing its weight. Drink from 2018.
The aromas are a refined blend of peaches, pears and citrus fruits, but don't adequately prepare the taster for the bold, striking flavors that follow. Despite being relatively light-bodied, tropical fruits, stone fruits and citrus cascade across the palate, finishing a touch soft. If more structure becomes apparent as this wine's "baby fat" recedes, this wine's rating may prove conservative.
This Syrah is hard and tannic now, and it will always be hard and tannic, but it's quite an impressive wine. So dense and layered, it reveals tiers of complexity with every sip as it airs in the glass. The flavors are of pure, ripe wild blackberries, with currant, coffee and tobacco notes, and sprinkled with crushed black pepper. Drink now–2013.
An extremely tannic and tough wine that numbs the palate despite polished plum, blackberry and dry chocolate flavors. Oak adds vanilla, smoke and a richly creamy texture. Will it age? The compact berry-cherry flavors suggest yes. Try again in 10 years.
There's a lot to like about this Viognier. It's dry and zesty in acidity, with complex flavors of citrus, peach, kumquat, white pepper, chamomile and honey.
Funky, unfresh aromas suggest clove and compost. A flat, wide palate is low on definition, while pithy citrus and apricot flavors finish bitter and bland, with a shot of acidity.
Age is beginning to show up on this gran reserva. It's a little raisiny and Sherried on the nose, while the palate is wiry but not exactly thin, with dry raspberry, pie cherry and plum skin flavors. Baked bean, caramel, vanilla and tobacco all play big roles on the finish, which is scouring and tight. Drink now; it's probably not going to improve with further age.
Ripe cherry, blackberry and new oak flavors mark this gorgeous Cabernet. The tannins are strong but refined. Blended with Merlot, Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot, it's a luxurious, elegant wine for drinking now and over the next eight years.
Aromas of red berry, sunbaked earth and crushed blue flower lead the nose. The easy-drinking palate offers mature wild cherry, white pepper and anise alongside polished tannins. It's simple but savory. Drink through 2016.
Aromas of purple flower and wild berry lead the nose on this blend of 60% Sangiovese, 22% Merlot, 10% Canaiolo 5% Petit Verdot and 3% Colorino. The easy-drinking, chewy palate doles out black raspberry, Morello cherry, black pepper and baking spice alongside polished tannins. Drink through 2017.
A density of honey and caramel washes over this vineyard-designate, a concentrated and viscous expression of the variety. Layered in light waves of lemon, it finishes with a bite of ripe yellow apple and more of that caramel.
Horsey aromas infringe upon basic cherry and tomato scents. This is lean on the palate, with scouring acidity. Tart, spicy plum and cherry flavors end on a crisp, dilute finish with that reverberates with sour plum and cherry notes.
Strawberry and herbal aromas find their way to a tight, structured palate that's home to medicinal fruit flavors, accented by toast and bitter chocolate. Dark and medium-long on the finish, with freshness, depth and good complexity. Drink now.
This  Alvarinho, grown in the southern part of the Vinho Verde region, has richness as well as typical peach and pear flavors. The acidity comes through with its citrus edge to give a crisp aftertaste to a ripe-fruit flavored wine.
White spring flower and apple aromas lead the way on this enjoyable white. The soft fresh palate doles out ripe Bartlett pear, citrus and a hint of mineral that lifts the finish.
Rustic, hearty aromas of tar, cola, herbs and burnt rhubarb make for an intriguing nose on this entry-level bottling from Testarossa. The sips feature cola and cherry flavors, with a very quick finish.
Although 2013 was a difficult vintage, some of the top cru wines are successful. That's the case here, with a wine that is structured with plenty of juicy fruit. The tannins are firm, although leaving room for the cherry juice fruitiness. Drink now.
Medicine cabinet, coconut, woodspice and red apple aromas lead to simultaneously sweet and tart cherry and cranberry flavors supported by drying tannins. It doesn't all come together, with the wood showing prominently throughout.
Ripe aromas of roasted coffee and black fruit filter onto a plump, layered and approachable palate. Baked berry and licorice flavors finish with a final dose of char and pepper. Drink this meaty wine through 2017.
Fresh-pressed alpine strawberries and blackberries are lifted by touches of cola and fresh lilac on this wine by retired baseball pros Rich Aurilia and Dave Roberts, today the Dodgers' manager. Turned earth, juniper, pine needle, thyme and bay leaf form a very earthy core to the sip, where dark-red and even purple fruit carry the ripeness torch.
This is a grassy, herbal wine with attractive acidity and the crispest hint of apricots and some distinctive spice. It is fruity, ready to drink now.
A medium-full wine with an oily roundness broken by spice and citrusy acids. Flavors of lemon and citrus pith are tart and dry, but lychee, mineral and petrol round them out, matching the nose. Finishes with a tart orange aftertaste.
Ebulliently fragrant, this semi-dry Riesling bursts of white flower and melon aromas spiked by hints of spice and incense. The palate is brisk and light bodied, marked by bright white-grapefruit flavor and a clean, lemony edge.
This blend of Chenin Blanc and Cabernet Franc is the most successful of the Baumard sparkling wines. It is fruity, very fresh and crisp while also having the potential for some bottle aging. Acidity and a tangy aftertaste contribute to its lively freshness.
Made of 80% Sangiovese, 10% Canaiolo and 10% Cabernet Sauvignon, this polished red opens with black-skinned berry and leather aromas. The smooth, medium-bodied palate evokes dried black cherries, cinnamon and white pepper, while fine-grained tannins provide elegant support. Enjoy through 2021.
Chapoutier's Les Meysonniers excels in 2005, bursting with floral-spicy nuances reminiscent of nasturtium and crunchy minerals. Still, it's soft and mouthfilling on the palate. Melon and edible flower flavors give way to spice and mineral on the long finish. Drink now, although adventurous consumers may want to stash a few bottles away.
This is a blend of Bordeaux grapes sourced from the Riparbella Vineyard, which is located at 1,500 feet above sea level in Maremma. The property belongs to the Ferragamo fashion family. The tannins are velvety, firm and do a great job of supporting the bright flavors of black fruit and spice.
An old-vine blend of Marsanne and Roussanne vinified in oak, this is full bodied and powerful, with ample smoke and toast notes framing a subtle melon tone, underscored by a hint of crushed stone. Delicious now, but it would also be interesting to taste in 3–4 years.
Light and tart, this simple and fruity style has hard candy flavors of sour cherry and raspberry. A fun wine, straightforward and good for chilling.
Black pepper and juicy blueberry expand on the palate in this juicy, plush and likable 100% varietal wine, accented in full-bodied ripeness and wafts of vanilla smoke.
This structured, firm wine brings out tannins as well as rich fruits. Concentrated raspberry and ripe cherry flavors are cut with a fine balance of acidity. From a single vineyard, the wine needs some age, so drink from 2017.
Made from the two Cabs plus Syrah, this bottling shows its typicity in the rustic mouthfeel and exuberant berry, spice and cocoa flavors. It's a dry, lusty red that will happily wash down savory stews and roasts.
A smidgen of Cabernet Franc is blended into this wine, the grapes sourced from vineyards on both Diamond and Howell mountains. Ripe raspberry and cassis compote give it a juicy expansiveness on the midpalate, before finishing accented in cedar and pencil shavings within a complex wave of dry tannin.
Pungent and green on the nose, this is showing cool-climate aromas. In the mouth, this is shear and tangy, with a high level of citric acidity. Flavors of lime, Granny Smith apple and asparagus finish briny, crisp and scouring.
With its laser focus on black fruit flavors, this firmly structured wine has a distinct personality. Generous tannins and a good dose of fruit acidity provide plenty of grip on the palate. Each sip reveals more depth and layers, suggesting it's a good bottle to lay down for future consumption. Best after 2022.
Youthful apple and pear notes introduce a simple, slightly dilute palate. Tart finish.
Dark berry, herb and blue-fruit aromas lead to silky fruit flavors. The tannins bring a slightly sticky feel to the finish.
Tasted in December, this Pinot was going through an awkward phase. It's like the cherry and currant fruit, new oak, acids and tannins are groping for each other in a dark room. Need time to show its complexity, and should begin to resolve well into 2009.
This full-bodied wine smells like black currants and blackberries, tastes ripe, and is lightly tannic to give it a little grip. Bring on the beef or pork tenderloin.
This opens with a whiff of green and clam shell but quickly transitions to black plum and berry scents. Tannic and rugged on the palate, it has a mix of blackberry, chocolate and herbal flavors. The finish is firm, with length and more than enough power.
This is a fresh-tasting, dry bubbly whose aromas and flavors are very appley, herbal and effusive, accented by hints of clove. While crisp on the first sip, it feels reasonably soft and smooth on the tongue, and the fine bubbles are easy to sip and swallow.
Right now this speaks of earth, forest floor and oak leaf—but not in a mature way. This Pinot takes time to show the glorious red cherry that is there in abundance, caressed by gentle, smoky oak. This will take time to blossom but will reward patience. Balance between acidity and silken body is evident and the layers of leaf, earth, cherry, smoke and minerality will continue in their infinite Pinot alchemy. Drink as of 2016.
Rounded style of Vinho Verde with some weight to go with the extreme citrus and bright grapefruit flavors. It has a little softness round the edges, but the core is taut, mineral, tangy.
This is one of the first wines to bear this new appellation in Sonoma County. More importantly, it's one of the best California Malbecs out there. It's rich and juicy with ripe cherries and mocha, along with a sweet coating of toasty oak. It's soft enough to drink now, especially with a great grilled steak.
A good wine, this is a young, aromatic Chardonnay with lively white fruits bursting from the acidity.
Full bodied and completely mature, this is saturated with ripe flavors. It has enough firm tannin for a gripping texture and brings a sense of completeness for something this bold. It tastes like sweet blackberries and boysenberries, yet is dry.
This is punchy and angular up front, with herbal red-fruit aromas. The palate feels fresh, a bit acidic, with peppery, mildly oaky flavors of plum and berry. This is a standard wine with ample body and some oak.
On the sweet side, this is a soft, fruity, perfumed wine packed with flavors of baked apples, red currants and spiced pears. Bright acidity gives it a lift on the finish. It is now ready to drink.
Aged 11 months in French oak, the roasty-toasty barrel notes are at the fore followed by peach and tropical fruit. What it lacks in subtlety it makes up for with a rich, creamy mouthfeel that draws out to a lingering finish.
Dusty and yeasty on the nose, with nectarine and peach aromas. The palate is dry and crisp, with green apple, green melon and powdered spice flavors. It's long, linear and dusty on the finish, with white pepper notes. Finely textured and fairly elegant.
Under new ownership, Prieuré-Lichine continues its rapid quality improvement. The wine is concentrated, with dark tannins and brooding fruit, dominated by new wood. It is rich, but also structured for a steady development over 10-15 years.
This is stalky smelling, with rustic aromas of roasted berry, leather, tobacco and eucalyptus. It's full in the mouth, with smacking tannins and firm acids that create a flavor profile of roasted, herbal berry and plum. Bitter chocolate and espresso flavors control the peppery, dry finish. This is a blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Carmenère and Syrah.
Like a hybrid of Pinot Gris and Gewürztraminer, this soft, slightly sweet wine has flowery flavors of citrus fruits, apricots, apples and dusty Asian spices. Nice by-the-glass restaurant wine.
For such a competitively priced offering, this delivers a lot of complexity. Dried herbs, anise, chocolate and coffee notes add nuance to the raspberry fruit. It's medium bodied and supple, with a lush, lingering finish. Drink now–2020.
Refreshingly quaffable, this off-dry Riesling juxtaposes juicy, sweet melon and peach flavors with fresh tangerine acidity. The finish is brisk, fringed with a delicious bristle of lime pith.
Minty oaky aromas include a strong whiff of clove and white gumdrop. A widegrabby chewy palate is a bit hot, while flavors of carob, mint and clove outweigh dark-fruit notes prior to a thick toasty heavily oaked finish.
The aromas of apricot, flowers and beeswax are like a welcome mat. The mouth is full and properly acidic; flavors of honey, ripe white fruits and some mustard seed make for a wine that's got a lot of power working for it. Best Buy.
Citric smelling, with clipped aromas of berry fruits. Choppy tannins, heat and raisiny, sweet, cooked berry flavors and stemmy notes finish herbal tasting but full in feel.
Here's a softly fruity wine marked by aromas and flavors of grass, melon, grapefruit, tangerine, and fig. It's fairly dry, although it seems like there's a touch of residual sugar-not very much, just enough to round it out. It's a little one-dimensional, but pleasant.
What a nice wine this is, fruity and wonderfully bright and crisp in citrus acidity. It doesn't taste very oaky, despite barrel fermentation, and that allows those pure Monterey peach, lime, apricot and papaya flavors to shine.
Hard tannins, dryness and oakiness are the three horsemen that mark this young, vital Cabernet. Is it ageworthy? Absolutely. Once the fruit kicks in, which is pretty much instantly, it's devastatingly rich and spicy in blackberries, blueberries and cassis. Clearly a cellar candidate for at least the next decade.
Nice mix of citrus and tropical fruits in the nose, with a spicy burst on the palate. Bone dry, racy and yet still full-bodied, this excellent Viognier carries its tropical papaya flavors into a surprisingly creamy finish, laced with vanilla cream and butterscotch.
A smoky, sharp aroma mingles with fruitiness. The wine tastes like raspberries and dried cranberries, and feels firm with tannins and acidity.
Lurking, low-impact aromas of tropical fruits and honey set up a fairly sophisticated palate with papaya, apple, banana and oaky flavors. There's ample core acidity to this Chardonnay from Chile's south, while honeyed weight and tropical flavors on the finish push it to impressive heights.
Ponzi's mainstream Pinot Noir really brings the fruit in 2008, a wealth of blueberry and black raspberry flavors. From aging in 30% new French oak come streaks of clove and anise, with just a hint of moist loam. Tannins are light and ripe.
Black plum, blackberries, lilac and vanilla show on the easy if simple nose of this bottling. There's a load of perfume-like purple flowers on the sip, where a curiously strong acidity also carries cola spice.
Tastes sweeter and fruitier than the 2009, which was dry, so if you like orange marmalade, pineapple tart and vanilla cookie sugariness in your Sauvignon Blancs, it's for you.
This wine—named for two adjacent vineyards—is 75% Dionysus Cabernet Sauvignon with the balance Bacchus Cabernet Franc. It provides a pleasing assortment of dried and fresh herbs, cherry, flowers and mocha with a seamless, almost creamy feel, bringing an impeccable sense of balance. It's irresistible now but has the stuffing to go the distance.
Heavily oaked, with lemon and coconut aromas. The palate is overwhelmed by wood, and that oak buries any fruit one might be able to dig up. Yes, the texture and feel are fine, but 90% of this wine's character is determined by the essence of the barrel, and that isn't an ideal oak-to-fruit ratio in anyone's book.
Ero is packed tight with bright berry, cassis and white almond. That all-Sicilian jamminess you sometimes find in this variety is absent here.
This is the producer's first barrel-aged Chardonnay, made from a blend of two vineyards and two clones, including one from their own estate on Westside Road. Sour and sweet alternatively, it finds a steely path to balance and soft layers of apple, Asian pear and a touch of ginger-topped butterscotch.
Aromas of beeswax, pressed broom and acacia flower lead the nose. The juicy palate offers up yellow peach, apricot and a ginger note alongside bright acidity.
This is a big, kick-butt wine that shows the powerful fruit and hard tannins that make Pinots from this vineyard ageable. You'll find it tough and gritty now, with rich, deep flavors of cherries, currants, cola and cedar. Best beyond 2011.
JC is making an effort to upgrade its Reserve range, and this is a good example, offering peach and pineapple flavors framed by vanilla, butter and toast. It's all barrel-fermented, impressive at this production level (25,000 cases) and price point.
This wine is full in the mouth with a taste between pepper and fruit. It's ripe, rounded and tangy with clementine zest as well crisp apples and red currants. It could benefit from a few months in bottle, so drink from late 2015.
Dark, hot in alcohol and very low in acids, with chocolate, blackberry and blueberry flavors, but at least it's dry. Will be pleasant with a backyard barbecue.
Preserved black cherry and berry notes seem lush and ripe on the nose, but are surprisingly tart on the palate. The palate is full bodied, with concentrated black fruit flavor and soft, drying tannins on the finish.
Morgante is an excellent Sicilian estate that has shown consistency in quality throughout the years. This fruit-filled Nero d'Avola would pair well with veal encrusted with chopped pistachio or pork marinated in garlic and rosemary. Aromas here include wild fruit, cassis and black currant.
Round and ripe, this opens with aromas of black plum, vanilla, mocha and earthy note of tilled soil. The one-dimensional palate doles out rich blackberry, plum and espresso along with a confectionary note.
Extremely floral on the nose and well structured in the mouth, this pretty white wine from Sardinia offers aromas of yellow rose, vanilla bean and almond paste. There's enough density here to pair with pistachio-encrusted sole or sea bream.
Made entirely with Nebbiolo, this unique table wine is entirely vinified and aged in terracotta amphora. Lithe and vibrant, the aromas change continuously in the glass, opening with intense scents of ripe raspberry, blue flower and baking spice that segue into aromas of tilled soil, leather and balsamic notes of eucalyptus and menthol. The savory palate offers tart cherry, cinnamon, licorice, white pepper and mineral alongside glossy tannins that give it a smooth polished texture.
Spicy, rubbery, subtle berry aromas come with a hard, smoky element. This is firm, tannic and grabby in feel, with heady flavors of baked berry, herbal notes and overt oak. The finish is smoky, sweet, woody and lightly green.
Lemon and herb aromas suggest a lean, crisp wine but the flavors are fairly ripe and the texture is rich and soft. Appley, floral and not at all tart, this is pleasant to sip.
This is a really fruity, attractive wine from a fine estate. It is crisp with delicious acidity and a lively texture that gives the wine a refreshing tang. The wine is up front, full of fruitiness and ready to drink.
The merest touch of tropicality, of ripe passion fruit, hovers on the nose before lemon and orange kick in. The palate still has an edge of reduction but that is a good and reassuring sign. There is a rich core of ripe poised fruit: tangerine and aromatic oranges are firmly held with grapefruit freshness. There is a beautiful juxtaposition of generosity and tangy freshness. The finish is lip-smacking and utterly fresh—that rich core of fruit invites you to sip and explore again and again.
From Chilean winemaker Aurelio Montes comes this Cab of considerable depth and power. It shows well-developed blackberry and cassis flavors. The tannins are significant. Give it until 2011 to begin to open, and it should drink well through 2014. Cellar Selection.
This wine offers notes of peach, honeysuckle and lime leaf. It's sweet and lightly spritzy in feel, with lavender flavors on the finish.
This nervy, tangy, tantalizing wine smells like rhubarb-strawberry pie, tastes lively and fresh, and has a firm texture due to a healthy mix of tannins and acidity. This wine shows how appealing and distinctive a full-bodied but balanced Pinot can be.
There's a bright, pungent, in-your-face aroma of dried fruit and black currant. Maybe a touch of dried apple, too. This wine offers dark concentration with loads of density and intensity. Plush, rich and nicely framed by firm tannins and a drying mineral note, it shows positive evolution in the glass.
A wine that has good concentration from the very old vines along with red cherry fruits and some tight, mineral acidity. The banana character does spoil the overall ripe, full effect, so give the wine another year for this to disappear. Acidity and tannins do promise this aging.
This is terrifically lush and easy to drink now, but don't be fooled into thinking this won't age—there's plenty of structure lurking underneath the layers of blackberry and blueberry fruit and veneer of toasty, vanilla-marked oak. Plus, there's spicy complexity as well, lending savory, meaty notes to the compelling mix. Drink now–2020.
A great purity of lifted, wild blackberry, fringed by ivy leaves, makes a lasting impression on this mysterious, ethereal wine. Deeper down lurk darker notes of smoke, elderberry, tar and flint. A slender body with fresh acidity destines this for the table: wherever intriguing aromatics are required, this is the wine.
From the start, the aromas of cassis, dark cherry, leather and coffee grounds are medium in intensity, but with time they gain steam. Medium in body, this Merlot has firm tannins that are balanced by uplifting acids. The spiced plum flavor veers into the medium-long finish, which tastes like pink roses sprinkled with ground coffee beans.
Aromas of new wood follow through with rich toast, balanced with black currant fruits. The wine is fresh, the acidity a strong presence along with a layer of dried fruit flavors and tannins.
A strongly flavored wine that bursts in exotic notes of golden mango, pepper, lychee, pineapple, buttered popcorn and dusty Asian spices. Calls for equally dramatic fare, such as scallops in a coconut curry sauce.
The vineyard is severely vintage-dependent, with some years much better than others, but the superbly generous 2007 harvest has resulted in this delicious mountain wine. It's perfectly ripe, offering an array of blackberries, cherries and currants wrapped into beautifully mature tannins and grounded with a firm minerality. Defines the elegant concentration of a high Mayacamas Mountain Cabernet. Drink now and over the next 10 years, at least.
A smooth, round-textured wine that serves up multiple layers of complexity and flavor. Black cherry, blackberry and olive notes are at the fore. Spice, cedar, raspberry, toast and vanilla flavors are also firmly in evidence. Attractive herb notes blend seamilessly into the ensemble. Tannins are powdery smooth and the finish is long. A new label made by the folks at Harlan.
The delicate opening scents are broom, beeswax and pear. The thin palate is made up of yellow apple skin, dried herb and a hint of almond alongside nervous acidity.
This is a ripe, full and fruity wine that is typical Savigny with its warm red fruits and gentle tannins. It's a rounded, already attractive wine that's full of strawberry and bilberry flavors. It can be drunk now– 2019.
Still young, stiff and unyielding, this mixes stem and bitter herb flavors with brambly blackberry fruit. Streaks of espresso and dark chocolate emerge on the finish. It's well-balanced, detailed and layered, with a dominant savory side.
Here's a refreshingly crisp, easy-to-like blush wine to drink with fruit, ham, chicken, tacos, almost anything. A Rhône blend based on Mourvèdre, it has herb-infused flavors of sour red cherry candy, vanilla, pepper and cinnamon.
You can smell those distinctive notes from the muffa nobile, or botrytis, that has shaped a deep and layered wine with notes of peach fuzz, candied fruit, apricot and white almond. The wine is sweet, but not exaggeratedly so, and has a bright, elegant mouthfeel.
Stony, minerally aromas of green apple and lemon are clean and focused. The palate follows that lead, showing minerally crispness along with firm but not cutting acidity. Apple, pear and peach flavors finish glassy and fresh.
Medium-bodied and a little viscous in the mouth, this value Chard is no fruit bomb, as are many others at this price. It's rather interesting—look for white stone fruit and floral notes on the palate, and peach and passion fruit notes on the nose. Finishes with a peppery-herbaceous bite.
Unique and distinctive, this unusual effort mixes ripe, lightly peachy fruit with aggressively smoky barrel notes. It's a difficult wine to score ; although this is not a technically perfect bottle, it delivers a lot of flavor—if you really like smoke.
The wine has a lively mousse, crispened with acidity and filled with fruit. It is an attractive blend of all three Champagne grapes, floral in character and with a fine tang of citrus as well as ripe pears. Drink now.
High alcohol gives this Zin some jalapeño-like heat. It shows classically ripe Dry Creek flavors of briary, brambly blackberry, raisin and chocolate. It will age, gradually losing fresh fruit and turning more leathery.
An extroverted burst of meaty, minerally and fruity flavors defines this medium-bodied, firm-textured and concentrated wine. Imagine prosciutto wrapped around canteloupe for the flavor, plus vivid acidity and a lingering, almost smoky finish.
This is a rich and luscious wine dominated by Petit Manseng, a small berry/small-yield grape from Gascony, the home of unusual grapes. It's aromatic, ripe and honeyed with ripe peach cut by the pineapple freshness. It's a gorgeous wine now but it really should be aged so drink from 2020.
Made from 100% Cabernet, an interesting, complex wine, showing cool climate notes of mint, cassis, cloves and blackberries. Lots of sweet ripeness underneath the tannins, and a coating of sweet, smoky oak. Decant and drink now.
This is an attractive blend with 20% Gros Manseng to give some richness to the herbal character of the Colombard and Sauvignon Blanc. There are pear and apricot flavors as well as the crisp green and citrus fruits. Drink this refreshing wine now.
A very herbaceous, aromatic wine. The acidity cuts through the grapefruit flavor, giving a touch of minerality at the end.
With top consultant Stéphane Derenoncourt behind this one, the wine is fine and ripe with just the right balance between tannin and rich blackberry fruit. There is a juicy character that shines through the youthful structure. The wine will age well. Drink from 2019.
One of Greece's biggest wine exporters, Boutari has the formula for smooth, accessible wines. A soft red color leads to a big but polished Xinomavro with chocolaty flavors of mixed berry, spice and a spritz of lemon. A great match for roast rack of lamb.
A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon (63%), Merlot (32%) and Cabernet Franc, this wine is moderately aromatic with notes of coffee, vanilla, cherry and freshly hewn wood. The fruit flavors are tart with some grit to the tannins.
This wine comes from the original Merlot blocks at this vineyard, planted in 1982. It's aromatic, with notes of plum, raspberry, clove and generous spices. The flavors coat the palate from end to end, backed by firm tannins that need time to soften out but have the strength to go the distance. It will be best after 2022.
Smoky and dark, with aromas of salami, rubber, baking spices and prune. In the mouth, it's full of brightening acids while the flavors of blackberry, black cherry and coffee yield to raisin and burnt toast on the finish. Very nice Rioja but with a touch of excess ripeness and raisin character.
Made from organic grapes, this bright red opens with violet, red-skinned berry and white pepper scents. The juicy palate doles out ripe raspberry, red cherry and star anise notes, with fresh acidity and velvety tannins. Enjoy through 2020.
A blend of six different varieties with Syrah (61%) taking the lead, this pink-colored wine offers aromas of bubblegum, spice and herb. The off-dry cherry flavors seem a bit watery, winnowing toward the finish.
This is hard in tannins and firm in acidity, which gives it fine structure. It's not shy in flavor, and it offers waves of blackberries, black currants and cassis liqueur, plus a note of toasty new oak. While it could develop well with age, the forward fruit suggests drinking it over the next five years.
Rich, interesting flavors of chocolate, blackberry jam, grilled bacon, ground black pepper and sandalwood mark this wine. The pepper really sticks out, suggesting pairing this with spicy meats and stews.
Oak, coconut, toast, espresso, menthol and a whiff of cellar floor are some of the aromas you'll find on this robust red. The big, warm palate offers raisin, date, licorice and roasted coffee bean. Teeth-coating tannins leave an astringent finish while the heat of evident alcohol throws it off-balance. While it's tightly tannic, there's not much fruit richness, making this more suited for mid-term drinking.
This is made with native grape Garganega, the main grape behind Soave. A fruity fragrance of green apple and white peach carries to the palate along with notes of candied lemon peel. Fresh acidity adds brightness.
A fine Pinot from this veteran producer. They haven't lost their deft touch despite changes in ownership. The wine is classic Russian River, showing full-throttle berry-cherry fruit, balanced with good acidity, while maintaining a delicate mouthfeel. It's complex enough to warrant repeated sipping.
A richly fruity, tropical-fruit-scented Chardonnay that offers plenty of weight and fruit at a reasonable tariff. Bits of butter, dried spices and citrus accent the ripe fruit, which finishes dry and crisp.
Pretty expensive for a Petite Sirah, but it really is fantastic. Shows the variety's powerful tannins and fruit, with a velvety texture framing jammy blackberries, blueberries, carob, vanilla, exotic spices and smoky cedar. Will develop for many years, but there's no reason not to drink it now.
This blend of 55% Cabernet Franc and 45% Merlot is quite ripe on the nose, with lavish black-currant fruit as well as dried dill and fennel touches. Impressively soft and thick, the tannic structure coats every corner of the mouth, carrying flavors of black cherry, mint-laced chocolate and black truffle.
Heavy and waxy, and not all that likable. Weighs in as a dull, acidic white with a boring, sour disposition.
Dried cherry, cedar-toast and cumin notes mark the nose of this Sangiovese-Cabernet Sauvingon-Merlot blend. It has a decidedly Tuscan cast to its sour-cherry-and-leather profile, and finishes dry, even and long, with hints of chocolate and plenty of toasty oak.
Subdued aromas of spirits, raisin, menthol and resin emerge on this. The bulky palate shows blistering alcohol and a hint of raisin but it lacks fruit richness. Grainy tannins leave a raspy finish.
Fresh, honest fruitiness that's tasty but not sweet, a tangy texture and medium body add up to very refreshing, mouth-cleansing sort of wine. The flavors resemble canteloupe and honeydew melons, but there's a good crisp feeling like Granny Smith apples, too.
This blend of Sémillon and Sauvignon Gris is medium dry in character, with fruity acidity and a floral character from the Sauvignon Gris. A crisp, light fruitiness makes it an attractive apéritif wine.
Scents of woodland berry, rose petal, grilled herb, anisette and a balsamic note emerge on this firmly structured wine. On the robust palate, white pepper, licorice, sage and a hint of toast weave through the black cherry core. You'll also detect the warmth of alcohol on the close. Drink 2018–2028.
This smells like warm chocolate ganache spread over layers of vanilla buttercream and black plums. It feels loose on the palate, offering soft acidity and only a slight tug of tannin toward the chocolaty finish.
This 100% Vranec presents the nose with black plum, blackberry, tobacco leaf and saddle leather and the palate with blueberry, dried herbs, tobacco and red plums. The finish is soft and elegant.
From the excellent Evergreen vineyard comes a complex wine with appealing minerality. The firm stone fruit/white peach flavors, though slightly underripe, are balanced and crisp. There's a slightly bitter edge to the finish.
Hard-spice aromas rest on top of cherry and briar aromas. Fresh and snappy on the palate, this medium-bodied Rioja delivers fully oaked flavors of vanilla and butter along with strawberry and raspberry fruit. A distinct buttery flavor rides high on the finish.
90-92 Rich and fruity, a real juice bomb of a wine that has black currant and spice fruit to go with its solid, well-integrated tannins.
Blue flower, tilled soil and dark-skinned berry aromas lead the nose along with a balsamic note. The fresh enjoyable palate offers ripe black cherry, black raspberry, crushed herb and anise alongside smooth tannins.
Whiffs of smoke and dark toast lend savoriness to this otherwise plush plummy Cabernet Sauvignon. Unctuous black plum and berry flavors are rich and yielding on the palate but finish with bold penetrating tannins.
The question concerning this wine isn't whether or not it's very good—it is. Instead, it's about ageability. Made from 100% Cabernet grown in two very different places, Pritchard Hill and Coombsville, it's dry and refined. Floods the mouth with blackberry, blueberry, cassis, dark chocolate, spice and new oak flavors whose richness is tempered by a firm minerality. Really fabulous in all respects, but so delicious now, it makes you wonder why you should even risk more than six years in the cellar.
This wine seems to have just barely ripened in this vintage, but is very well made and interesting. The tart, waxy red fruit has a vein of pine resin threading around rhubarb and sour berry. Firm and focused, it will work best with poultry in an herbal preparation.
This value-priced Chardonnay is fresh, crisply acidic, and immaculate. The green apple and jicama flavors are dappled with a hint of white pepper. 60% was fermented in neutral oak.
Sourced entirely from the Sagemoor vineyard, this richly endowed Viognier smothers the palate in a lush mix of fat, candied citrus and tropical fruits. Honeysuckle and orange pekoe tea flavors trickle into the lingering, lip-smacking finish.
Scents and tastes of beeswax, light honeysuckle, white peach, and light tropical fruit give this wine breadth as well as depth. It follows with hints of cracker, a medium weight, good balance and concentration and a clean, lingering finish.
Roasted, earthy aromas of herbs and tomato play off red-berry scents. This wine is full in body and feel, with earthy, baked flavors of red plum and red currant. Acidity rises up on the finish, which otherwise shows vanilla oak and raw tannins.
Tough in tannins and bone dry, this Cab has modest flavors of berries and cherries. It's a rustic, country-style wine. Drink now.
A blend of Nero d'Avola and Syrah, this conveys aromas of scorched earth, crushed flower, dark berry and a whiff of cooking spice. The palate offers ripe cherry, graphite, ground black pepper and a smoky note alongside velvety tannins.
This wine is a blend of fruit from Anna Marie, Dugger Creek, McClellan Estate and Seven Hills vineyards. The aromas are light, with notes of barrel spice, graphite, herb and dark fruit. The flavors are elegant in style, possessing a pleasing texture that heightens the interest.
An unfortunate green, vegetal streak cuts through the heart of this Pinot Noir. It blurs the cherry fruit and detracts from the fine silky texture.
Jalapeño and green-bean savory flavor is joined by a freshly cut grass feel in this lively light-bodied white. It is spritzy in acidity and has a taste of just-squeezed lemon.
Here's a cheerful and beautifully aromatic blend of Pinot Grigio, Traminer and Riesling that boasts both freshness and complexity. The Pinot Grigio gives it weight and structure and the other two varieties create a fragrant bouquet of stone fruit and white flowers.
Just-cracked, yeasty sourdough bread and dried lemon-skin aromas float off of this bottle-aged sparkler from an esteemed, longtime producer. Her winemaker son named this wine in honor of her birth year. An oxidative warmth gives bready depth to the palate, which shows lots of toast and lemon marmalade flavors.
This soft, round and juicy wine is ripe and full bodied, a good representative of the vintage. It shows brambly black fruit, mocha and hints of coconut flakes that endure through the finish.
A ripe, toasty wine, full in the mouth with a strong edge of tannins, complex spice and baked apple flavors. It is mature, not a wine likely to develop much further, now at its best, and a disappointment for this prestige wine from Pommery.
Made from a blend of native grapes Nero d'Avola and Frappato, this opens with aromas of toasted oak, coffee and black fruit. The robust palate delivers blackberry, vanilla, espresso, oak and cinnamon.
Not much in the way of aromas, with tangerine and mango flavors. Finishes short, but fruity enough, with lasting flavors of pineapple and orange. From Bodegas Salentein.
Aged in large oak casks, this wine shows bold spice and dried berry aromas, with lingering accents of leather and pipe tobacco. The tight tannins give the wine structure and staying power.
Lots of rich, forward pineapple, ripe pear jam, vanilla cream and buttered toast flavors in this Chardonnay. It will satisfy your sweet tooth, with its honey-rich finish. Drink now.
Earthy, enticing violet, pressed rose, new leather crushed mint and game aromas follow through to succulent, savory palate, along with Marasca cherry and cranberry notes. Star anise, white pepper and clove accents add depth while youthfully assertive, refined tannins and vibrant acidity provide an ageworthy framework. Drink 2022–2034.
Quite a bit of spicy, sweet-seeming oak flavors give this full-bodied wine an extravagant flair to match its rather hot mouthfeel and firm tannins.
This Carmenère-led blend opens with composed aromas of cherry, cassis and chocolate along with herbs and spice. The palate feels crisp and intense, with firm tannins and elegance. Roasted black-fruit flavors are peppery and chocolaty, while licorice and baking spice flavors grace a long finish. Contains 15% Cabernet Franc. Drink through 2022.
Tastes of new oak and is also acidic, a combo that makes the mouthfeel rather harsh and salty, despite obviously well-ripened fruit. May settle down and show softer, lusher notes in a year or so.
With its bold aromas of spiced pear and crushed stones, this is no wimpy Pinot Blanc. It's round in the mouth, an elegant mélange of stones and stone fruits, alongside pear and melon flavors that finish with mouthwatering length. Imported by Paterno Wines International.
A very good Merlot except for some sharpness. The wine is dry and finely tannic, with black and red cherry, mocha, dried herb and tobacco flavors.
Made with equal parts of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Alicante, this has earthy aromas of black-skinned fruit and game. The dense palate delivers prune, toast and tobacco alongside gripping, rather drying tannins.
From the Liebfrauenstift-Kirchenstück vineyard near Worms, Valckenberg's estate Riesling boasts smoky, minerally aromas and understated fruit this vintage. It's on the full-bodied side, balanced by stony notes and a burst of quince on the finish.
This fruit-forward red displays aromas of cherry, tomato and red berry, and on the palate, the wine is spicy and soft, with red berry and spice flavors dominating. A red with spirit and class. Pair with grilled duck breast.
Compelling minerality on the nose, Refined and focused floral aromas with ample ripe stone fruit and a hint of petrol. Racy acidity and lovely taut palate with generous layers of juicy ripe peach, apricot and nectarine.  Strong minerality prevails across the palate leading to a lingering finish. Very balanced.
Spy Valley's 2007 Envoy Gewürztraminer is a lush, slightly sweet rendering of the variety, filled with peach, melon and spice. Finishes soft, with a touch of white pepper. Drink now.
Dominated by red-currant fruits, this is a soft wine with tannins in the background. It has a toasty edge from the wood aging while leaving most of the singing to the fruit. Drink from 2021.
An oily, weighty rendition of Gewürztraminer, with proper varietal aromas of pear and spice. Yet this isn't terribly aromatic or fruity, being more about texture and a unique peppery, nasturtium-like spice. Seems almost dry, with a touch of alcoholic warmth on the finish. Drink now.
This red blend is comprised of 80% Merlot, 10% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Cabernet Franc. It has aromas of perfumed violet talc and red raspberry. Flavors of cherry vanilla and tart pomegranate partner with fine tannins, finishing with a nice splash of fruit acidity.
Compost aromas and a clunky feeling palate get this off on the wrong foot. Flavors of burnt berry fruit and sweetness fail to impress. This shows hardly any snap on a cloying finish.
A huge wine, fat with the characteristic Cayuse funk, and accented with plenty of meaty asphalt. Potent and powerful, bursting with berries and plums, scented with the aromas of earth and sweet (not dried) herb, chicken stock and flavors that run through the same exotic range. Round and full, forward and balanced, drinking well and maybe just a bit rounder than its brethren.
This is a blend of Grenache Noir and Syrah. It's enormously rich in blackberry, cherry and cola fruit, with a long, spicy finish. It's a flashy wine, with its glycerine lending an overall softness.
At the hands of Pierre Laplace, Tannat becomes smooth, rounded and shapely. It of course has tannins, but these are at the service of the rich fruit and the balanced acidity. The wine is full of character, a medley of fruit along with an elegant structure. It's going to develop well, so drink from 2018.
A big, ripe, still very young wine with black fruits that are right up front. It's jammy and juicy, with almost as much fruit as tannin. There is some aging potential, with the underlying dryness of the structure, but the wine is mostly about ripe fruitiness. Drink from 2017.
Rich in fruit and oak, but balanced with crisp acidity. It's strongly flavored, brimming with pineapple jam, white peach, apricot, buttered toast and vanilla. Gets the Chardonnay job done with some elegance.
This is a dry Pinot Gris, very mineral in character, with crisp acidity balanced by fragrant pear and quince topped with spice. It's a crisp wine, lighter than usual for this cuvée and fresher at the end.
Dry and crisp, this is elegant, with a silky mouthfeel carrying flavors of sour blackberry candy and cranberrys. It has a certain complexity that's pleasurable.
Sweetly exotic in fresh-squeezed pineapple aromas, this wine might be trying too hard to be light and restrained, employing very little oak in the process. Pear and lemon stay on the palate the longest, the finish brisk in acidity.
Ripe aromas of briary blackberry, licorice and baking spices set up a full, chunky mouthfeel. Big black-fruit flavors are slightly minty and herbal, while the finish is earthy and minty, with bright acidity maintaining freshness.
The word “briary” is hard to define. In Zinfandel, it suggests wild berries, ripe under the summer sun, but also the peppery weeds that grow nearby, many of them succulent herbs with bracing medicinal qualities. Dry Creek Zins are famous for these notes, and this is a classic Dry Creek Zin. The alcohol is quite high, but not out of balance, and the overall impression is the essence of Sonoma old-vine Zinfandel.
Plenty of wood flavors give this wine a ripe, spicy and toasty character. It is rich and perfumed, with attractive hints of yellow fruits as well as the new wood. The wood does need to calm down before the wine is ready. Drink from 2017.
Despite its fine, gossamer-like texture, there's marked concentration in this powerful dry Riesling. Flavors of white grapefruit and gooseberry are penetrating and ripe, yet pristinely fresh, highlighted by bold strokes of crushed minerals and scintillating acidity. It's enthralling and invigorating, with a deep, mineral finish. Beautiful now, but should only improve through at least 2030.
A deliciously fragrant, fresh wine, bright and lively. It has intense, tangy acidity that cuts right through red currant and raspberry fruit flavors. Ready to go now. Screwcap.
This light, easygoing Pinot Blanc is fruity with apples and white fruits, while gently creamy and balanced with some spice. The soft fruit and the bite of spice give some complexity at the end.
Sharp and acidic in blackberry and cherry jam flavors, this Cab tastes a bit simple right now. Could develop complexities over the next year or two, but not an ager.
This blend of Touriga Nacional and Cabernet Sauvignon is soft and ripe, with a good sense of structure and fruitiness. Rounded and with acidity as a counterweight, the wine is ready. Drink now.
A bright, tight and crisp wine that is is mineral, tangy and refreshing to drink. It hints at the ripe fruits that will develope through 2017.
This eight-year old wine, based on Touriga Nacional, is ripe, now mature with the tannins fully integrated into the rich black fruit. It is firm with a structure that gives concentration and perfumed acidity. The wine is still dark and dense although ready to drink.
Although this wine's aromas verge on vegetal, hinting at tomato leaf and celery stalk, the flavors are nicely ripe and citrusy, featuring grapefruit, lime and lemongrass. The wine is round in the mouth and nicely textured, with a long, nectarine-tinged finish. Drink now.
Hard and like a match on the nose, with sulfur and peach pit aromas. Has a good mouthfeel to support pithy peach and green melon flavors. Finishes creamy, but with a mild bitterness.
This is the Costco house brand, and the new Merlot comes through with exceptional flavors for the price. It's lush and loaded with black cherry and mocha flavors. Tannins are ripe and smooth, the concentration is surprising, and there are no holes in this wine; it plays out smoothly with a very satisfying richness.
A tight and textured wine that has layers of citrus as well as fresh apples. A bitter edge of sulphur spoils this otherwise lightly fruity wine.
Plum clafouti and a marriage of cherry and clove provide a foundation above which lies a spicy mix of dried herb and cedar in this integrated, softly approachable wine of medium-build and length.
Wood and ripe fruit flavors drive this explosively fruity wine. Its richness is balanced by the acidity from green apple and lime fruits. Spice from the wood aging adds piquancy, leads to a final burst of textured minerality.
A dry, minerally white wine that's crisp and clean in acids. It offers subtle, complex citron, lime, wildflower, vanilla wafer and spice flavors. Has the weight of Sauvignon Blanc, but with more opulent fruit.
A bit of brambly sharpness guards the bouquet, but digging will get you to raspberry and plum aromas. The palate is a little hard and could use more texture; short of that the wine delivers pepper, cherry and raspberry flavors backed by a structured finish.
New French oak and lees aging give this wine richness in the form of creamy, yeasty, toast and vanilla flavors. It offers ripe, forward flavors of oranges and tropical fruits, and the acidity plays a vital role in creating balance and a clean finish. Try this as an alternative to Chardonnay, and enjoy it with fish or poultry in cream sauce.
Smoky, flinty crushed-stone notes are kissed with a blossomy perfume on this delicately structured, off-dry Riesling. The palate is concentrated with sweet, sunny peach and apricot flavors, but piercing acidity bristles on the tongue through the finish.
There's a sweet, sticky quality to this Moscato d'Asti that would match cream puddings or cooked fruit desserts. Fragrant aromas of yellow flower, honey, apricot and tangerine emerge on the bouquet.
Cherry and lactic aromas give this a forced, pushy nose. Reasonable freshness and flavors of cherry, plum and minty oak are adequate, while the finish is scratchy and hot, with peppery spice and leftover oak.
Sneak this one into a blind tasting of Cabs costing twice as much and it will hold its own. It's smooth  and opulent, with oak-kissed blackberry, licorice, tobacco and mocha flavors and rich tannins, and the finish is dry and balanced.
A seriously top of the heap California Syrah. This complex, interesting wine sings of black pepper and garrigue, fleshy in just-ripe cherry, leather and dark plum. From the mountainous Fenaughty Vineyard, always a good source, it finishes long and will age gorgeously if you can possibly wait to drink it; that pepper will mellow in interesting ways.
This dry wine offers light fruitiness and more in the way of caramel flavors and structure. It's textured, full in the mouth and very much set out for food.
Blossom and berry notes are accented by hints of smoked nut in this refreshingly light-bodied wine. Zesty and lithe on the palate, it's an ideal summer-to-fall apéritif or porch sipper. The moderately long finish is marked with a hint of waxy florals.
Laden with wood as much as rich fruit, this is a fully structured wine. Dark toast is prominent at this young stage although this will go as the wine balances out. Then it will be a dense wine full of black fruits and with balanced tannins and acidity. Drink from 2021.
A bit muted on the nose, but this nicely balanced, mouthfilling wine ofers juicy apple and melon flavors that coat the mouth, showing a touch of honeyed sweetness on the finish. Imported by American Estates Wines, Inc.
Apple, peach and melon aromas are fresh and easy to like. This has a pure palate, with citric and malic acidity offset by pulpy weight. Peach and apricot flavors finish long, and overall this should maintain its good shape over the next year.
Spice and leather aromas are positive while the smells of burnt leaves and green herbs aren't too appealing. The palate is big and wide with a mix of cherry cough drop, plum and burnt coffee flavors. And the finish evaporates fast, leaving heat and medicinal notes.
Loads of clove, allspice, cinnamon and nutmeg spice show up the strawberry, blueberry and red cherry aromas of this lavish bottling, which also offers scents of crushed rock and turned earth. Similar elements entertain the palate, culminating with a minty pine needle note, proving to be a very dynamic sip.
This is a light and very crisp wine. Acidity, gooseberry and pink grapefruit give a fruitiness without any complexity. The bright texture and simple aftertaste make it a wine to drink immediately.
No longer a second wine of Ducru-Beaucaillou, but a wine from its own separate vineyard, Croix de Beaucaillou is impressive. Firm while also rich, it is firmly tannic, superripe and packed with great dark plum and berry fruits. Fruit and structure well balanced together.
There's a slightly awkward note of carbon or smoke that blows off soon enough. This shows medium consistency with a fresh finish that is driven by pear and peach flavors.
A very fine Cabernet, with the structural depth and classy mouthfeel you expect from a fine Howell Mountain wine. It's totally dry and modest in alcohol, with complex blackberry, black currant and cedar flavors, as well as an interesting splash of dried Provençal herbs. A minor quibble is a certain raisiny superripeness that may limit ageability.
Poggio Salvi delivers an easygoing Rosso di Montalcino with aromas of ripe raspberry, cherry and accents of exotic spice and black pepper. The wine is crisp and compact with a bright berry finale. Pair this Rosso with pot roast or meatloaf.
Berry fruit flavors give this ripe, still-young wine plenty of fresh fruitiness. The dryness, which should be at the core of a good Blaufränkisch, is still there, but it is overlaid by the delicious fruit and light acidity.
This cool-climate expression shows exceptionally-beautiful tones of peach, melon and pear. A tiny percentage of the wine is aged in French barrel. This is a fantastic white wine to pair with fish, white meat or vegetables..
They held this Cab back for nearly four years, but it's still pretty closed and tannic. Give it another six in the cellar, to let it begin to throw some sediment, which will let the blackberries and cherries drink sweet and pure.
This soft, simple wine will satisfy your basic Chardonnay needs. It's creamy and somewhat sweet, with pineapple and buttered popcorn flavors.
Richly textured, this is made with native grape Mantonico, opening with aromas of peach blossom, stone fruit and toasted notes. The round palate delivers ripe yellow peach, honey, vanilla and white almond. A spicy note signals the close.
The winery makes this wine from vines planted in 1959 that it now farms organically. In this vintage, they produced a hearty, sizable wine, ripe, soft and intense, in need of time to coax the blackberry and cassis fruit forward. Enjoy through 2025.
A gorgeous Shea bottling, this is lushly aromatic and fruited with strawberry jam, blueberry and cherry. The fruit is set against clean acids and supple tannins, and flavors remain full and focused with details of baking spices all through the long finish. This is a thoroughly delicious example of the power and pleasure of the 2014 vintage in the Willamette Valley.
Nice and smooth, with refined bubbles that feel like silk gliding across the tongue. The orange, strawberry and vanilla flavors are slightly sweet.
An attractively fruity wine that's easy to drink and fresh. Lemon and apples give a crisp edge, followed by a zesty, fragrant character. Drink this light wine now.
Bold, vivacious and forward, this appealing wine is true to the house style, with plenty of sweet, pretty fruit. There are unchallenging but undeniably enjoyable flavors of ripe stone fruits, hints of grapefruit and citrus zest, and a smack of wet stone in the back of the throat. Young and fresh, without the toasty finesse of the vintage rosés.
This white blend offers exotic fruit, almond and some banana on the nose; the alcohol notes seem a bit pungent as it warms in the glass.The wine is lean and crisp in the mouth. Imported by Vin Divino.
Aromas of toasted oak, espresso, chocolate and mocha echo on the palate, along with notes of chocolate and mocha. But it lacks fruit richness and can't stand up to the astringent wood tannins.
Decently good, with ripe cherry, berry and cola flavors, but this is really a tough Pinot Noir to like, especially at this price. It's high in acidity and jammy, giving it a sweet and sour taste.
This Merlot doesn't live up to Pfeiffer's excellent sweet wines. It does have a smooth, claylike feel, particularly on the finish, but the baked-fruitcake aromas and flavors aren't as enjoyable. Imported by American Wine Distributors.
Berry fruit aromas come with an early hint of floral bath soap and later cherry candy. The palate is fairly wiry and pointed, with power-packed acidity. Direct, bold flavors of plum and red fruits are snappy, lively and run long due to sizzling acidity. Drink this Syrah-Carignan blend through 2023.
Char and wood grain are prominent on a smoky nose with blackberry and black-currant aromas. Intense tannins and layered depth make for a full palate, while this tastes ripe and toasty, with blackberry and chocolate flavors. On the finish, mild herbal complexity mixed with latent oak are stirring. Drink through 2026.
A sturdy, substantial, Rhône-inspired red. The goofy name? The winery says it refers to a Celtic people inhabiting the Rhône Valley in the days of the Roman empire. This is tasty juice, tangy and spicy, with sharp pine and herb accents, underscored with wild berry and plenty of acid. The Celts would buy it by the case.
This wine comes from one of Côtes de Provence historic cru classé estates. It is a ripe and smooth wine with crisp acidity and a fine bite of spice. The wine is packed with red fruits and finished with refreshing acidity.
A 100% Barbera that invites with gorgeous aromas of cinnamon and baked cherry, this is a lovely wine from start to finish, with a silky texture and balanced acidity. Seamless, it's juicy on the finish, the perfect invitation to enjoy more. Have with spaghetti carbonara or a seriously gourmet pizza.
Rustic aromas recall game, fetid flower, barnyard and black fruit past its prime. The bitter palate shows flint and a hint of tire rubber but no fruit richness. Tried twice with consistent results.
A lovely Merlot, light and spicy. It has pretty flavors of cherries, mocha and cinnamon, with fine, ripe tannins, with a sweetness from glycerine. An elegant Merlot at a good price.
A Bordeaux blend, based on Cabernet Sauvignon. It's very rich and ripe, a wine that will appeal to fans of the modern California style for its voluptuous berry, cherry, cassis, spice and cedar flavors. The tannins are soft and gentle. Delicious and complex, if not quite up to the 2007. Give it a good, long decant.
This bone-dry, Southern Rhône-style blend consists of 61% Grenache, 18% Mourvèdre, 12% Cinsault and 9% Counoise. Elegant and detailed flavors of light berry and Bing cherry are dusted with a cocoa accent.
This wine is composed of five varieties, with none making up more than 21% of the blend. Fresh aromas of berry, cranberry, red currant and herbs are followed by fruit-forward cherry and berry flavors that bring appeal.
A great follow-up to the winery's 2008, this continues a roll of classy Diamond Mountain-based Cabs from Wallis Family. It's dry, softly tannic and likeable for its depth of blackberry, cherry, currant and cedar flavors. This straddles the line between immediate drinkability and ageability.
Black cherries, cola, fennel and dill come together for a thick aromatic profile on this blend of Grenache, Syrah and Carignane. Pencil lead, blackberry preserves and black pepper show on the palate, which is rich but not particularly fruity, thanks to beef char and woody flavors.
Here is a plush and elegant Barbera d'Alba with bright fruit tones followed by graphite, a dash of exotic spice and pretty earthy nuances. The wine is bright and fruity in the mouth with cherry and blackberry on the close.
The winery has struggled with Pinot made from this warm, sunny highland appellation, which is more suitable for Zinfandel. Their '06 is a savory wine, dry and rich in cherries and oak, with a silky texture. But there's a heaviness that makes you think Pinot isn't the best grape to grow this far above the Anderson Valley fogline.
A soft entry quickly leads into a short, tart, spicy, lightly peppery wine. Some pretty raspberry scents bring similar flavors, but there is not much here in the way of depth or texture.
Smells fresh and invigorating, but in the mouth it has raisiny flavors. This is a young Pinot, rich in acids and tannins, but that overripe quality limits ageability and makes the wine a bit one-dimensional. Drink now.
Bland apple and citrus aromas are oaky, with a note of popcorn. This feels plump and short on core acidity. Melon, applesauce and oak-resin flavors finish flat and with a flavor note of fresh butter.
This opens with oxidized, creamy aromas while the palate offers mostly acidic, tart citrus flavors that are surrounded by oxidized stone-fruit notes. The finish ends nutty.
Great Zinfandel, easily worth the price. Napa Valley still makes the most balanced, claret-style Zins, and this polished beauty is right up there. It's dry and elegantly constructed despite its considerable power, showing rich flavors of wild raspberries and cherries, sweet concentrated red currants, mocha, licorice and scads of peppery spices. Drink now. Production was 1,750 cases.
This medium-bodied wine is very floral for a red. It smells like roses and raspberries, tastes exuberantly fruity and has a juicy, lightly tannic texture.
A good, sound red wine, dry and full-bodied, with green herb, blackberry, blueberry, spice and oak flavors. It's easy to drink with a nice steak or burger, and a good value for the price.
Dusty orange and nectarine aromas are nice but highly regular. This feels round, easy and melony, while flavors of honeydew and pear are mellow and finish soft. It's friendly and quaffable.
Aromas of pressed rose, red berry, chopped herb and espresso lead the nose. The firm palate offers juicy black cherry, licorice and a hint of mocha alongside a backbone of fine-grained tannins. Drink after 2018.
With a hefty case production, the wine is light and thin, but there are pleasant enough flavors. It's average Chardonnay, with just enough appley fruit, oak and sweetness to satisfy. It's clean and well-made, and there's not much more you can say about it.
This wine immediately wows the palate, bursting into full flavor with an explosion of apple and pear fruit. There's a light yeastiness as well, just enough to suggest a young, fresh, exuberant wine, and it simply grabs hold of your taste buds and never lets go.
The cave cooperative in Tavel is hitting on all cylinders, turning out numerous consistent, top-rated examples. Différent doesn't have the spicy nuances of the very best Tavels, but it offers a bold, ripe mouthful of raspberry and cherry fruit, ample weight and richness and a long, slightly dusty-textured finish. Drink now–2018.
This soft wine shows a relatively high dosage, giving a ripe strawberry-fruit character. The acidity and fruit are gentle, hinting at a tannic edge from red wine in the blend.
Coming off The Rocks District, this wine displays somewhat reserved notes of ember, smoked meat, green olive, wet stone and smoke, leaning hard into the savory. The charcuterie, smoke and licorice flavors coat the palate, stretching out on the finish.
This is a bright lemon and grapefruit flavored wine that has lively acidity and the lightest touch of mineral texture. It's crisp, refreshing and will be ready to drink from mid-2016.
Wickedly, sinfully good. This is fruit detonation in the mouth, a blast of pure, sweet cassis, currant, plum and chocolate. The tannins are a velvety wonder, the oak lavish and thick, but perfectly in balance to the size. Opulent and hedonistic, it's best in its sensual, seductive youth.
Rocche dell'Annunziata is one of the best cru sites of the La Morra fraction. This wine is aged in large oak casks (instead of smaller oak barrique) to emphasize the natural beauty of the fruit. You'll get aromas of forest berries, dark cola and chopped mint. The mouthfeel is tonic, fresh and very long-lasting.
This 100% Syrah is thick and intense with strong black fruit flavors lifted by accents of anise and milk chocolate. The mouth is full of ripe plum and cherry flavors, with well-integrated tannins and a solid, juicy finish.
Light pink/gold in color, this is an exotic ripe wine with melon and tropical fruit flavors underlined by toast. It is big, rich and mouthfilling.
Almost clear in color, this wine shows tropical aromas of melon, honeysyuckle and lychee. The light-bodied, high-acid palate is carried by white peach and citrus flavors that finish short but clean.
A structured, powerful wine from the Lamm single vineyard. Big white fruits are spiced with coriander, lifted by green pea flavors and bright acidity. It is very rich but totally disciplined, keeping its intensity in a tight minerality. Imported by Michael Skurnik Wines.
Simple and clean, this Pinot has good qualities and offers pleasure without being complex. It's light-bodied, dry and silky, with cherry, cola and rhubarb pie flavors.
Coming from the north-eastern Beiras region, close to the Douro, this wine is a ripe, rich and crisp wine. It has a perfumed character from the Malvasia in the blend and an attractive yeasty aftertaste. Drink now.
With blackberry, blueberry, currant and tobacco flavors that finish dry and smoothly tannic, this is a sound Cabernet for drinking now. For the quality and price, this is an attractive selection for entertaining.
This estate-grown wine has a really fresh character. With red-currant and red-cherry flavors, it has a juicy fruity style that is ready to drink. Light and perfumed, it is delicious now.
Tangy blackberry and briary boysenberry drive this bus. Accented with an herbal note, the wine finishes with streaks of licorice, espresso and chalk.
A very ripe, rather high alcohol blend of Syrah, Petite Sirah and Grenache that's superrich in fruit, but lacks some elegance and finesse. Flatters the palate with flavors of blackberry and cherry pie filling, cassis, chocolate, anise and pepper. Probably not an ager, so drink with a nice grilled pork chop.
A very rich, flamboyant Chardonnay, marked by ripe pineapple, orange and tropical fruit flavors, with buttery, oaky influences. There's a firm minerality underneath, while racy acidity adds balance.
John and Helen Falcone's annual offering of this nonvintage blend of Syrah, Petite Sirah and Cabernet Sauvignon offers aromas of smoky cedar, cherry liqueur, mint and fresh-ground coffee. It's ripe and inviting right away on the palate, with blackberry extract and black licorice flavors, which benefit from acidity and soft tannins that emerge on the midpalate.
Apple fruitiness dominates this fresh sparkling wine. A light mousse plays on the crisp texture, giving a lively, fresh final acidity. It's a great apéritif style.
Starts with a dusty, savory, spicy bouquet, then unfurls ripe black cherry flavors on the palate. Shows some slightly animale and sous-bois notes on the finish. Firmly structured, this should age well for the next five years or so. Imported by Meadowbank Estates.
This warm-vintage wine is more aromatically reticent than recent vintages, with notes of stone fruit, slate and mineral. It drinks a hair off dry, with depth to the lightly spritzy fruit flavors and razor-sharp acidity.
A very attractive peppery and herbal note informs the citrus nose of this refreshing white, along with a floral hint. This offers a lot of charm for a very easy, enjoyable wine.
A blend of grapes from Washington and Oregon, this includes 25% Semillon also. As you might suspect, it's an unusual wine, opening soft and spicy, with a lightly honeyed character. Fruit flavors emphasize lemon curd and key lime, and there's a refreshing ginger ale flavor running through the fruit core.
A blend of Cabernet Franc, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Petit Verdot, Sangiovese, Alicante and Syrah, this juicy wine opens with aromas of ripe plum, baking spice and a balsamic note. The concentrated palate doles out ripe black cherry, clove and licorice alongside fine-grained tannins.
Sassy aromas of stemmy red fruits, haystack and herbs set up a full yet raw feeling palate with herbal, gr een-leaning flavors of tart plum and raspberry. A shallow finish fades quickly.
This fortified dessert red, its grape varietal makeup unknown, rests at about 6.6% residual sugar. Its profile suggests Zinfandel, dark black in color with plummy, blackberry fruit, a smoky finish and hint of black pepper.
Aromas of leafy underbrush, tilled soil, blue flowers and dark berry lead the nose. The vibrant, straightforward palate offers crushed wild cherry, black raspberry, anise and white pepper. It's easy drinking and well balanced thanks to fresh acidity and sleek tannins.
Raspberry, plum and floral aromas are clean but nothing special or unusual. This basic Rioja feels sturdy and solid, while flavors of spicy oak accent plum and berry fruit. A medium-long finish with resiny, peppery notes is a touch hot.
Whispers of tobacco leaf and cherry cola on the nose combine with a palate full of ripe black cherries on Hazlitt's easygoing, everyday Cabernet Franc. Soft tannins accented by woody notes of bramble and dried herbs make for a smooth, earthy finish.
This historic estate in Piedmont delivers a clean, simple and youthful Dolcetto (packaged in a very elegant bottle). There's a pretty mix here of mineral aromas as well as black fruit and juicy blueberry. The wine is well concentrated and thick and offers a raw, gritty quality on the tannins.
From a small, 15-acre property, this wine is ripe, rich and full of yellow fruits along with crisp apples, with a tight texture that needs to develop. It is crisply structured, zesty and mineral in character. Give this juicy, delicious wine until 2017 before drinking.
Fresh and fruity, this is a bright wine, full of almost shocking acidity and red-currant fruits. Its tannins are there, although more of an afterthought to the fruit. Drink this light fresh wine from 2017.
This is a balanced, ripe wine. Soft tannins support the fruit well, offering some good potential. It is ready to drink, fruity and with acidity in the aftertaste.
Everything is overpowering with this wine, from the weight of the bottle, to the alcohol, to the intense flavors. It is an impressive one-glass-only wine, packed with concentrated juicy fruity, spice and wood flavors. Drink now.
Very fruit forward in cherries and pomegranates, with rich tannins that grip the palate. Feels dry all the way to the finish, when it turns cough-mediciney sweet.
This is a big, vital, dramatic Pinot Noir that shows its fine terroir with enormously concentrated raspberry and cherry fruit, balanced by fine acidity, subtle tannins and a bite of cherry-pit bitterness. It's a great wine that will benefit from 6–8 years in the cellar.
Classic, pungent feline aromas of passion fruit, citrus and grass set up a friendly palate with moderate acidity and nice flavors of nectarine, lime and green melon. The finish introduces sweet notes of banana to go with lime.
Floral and lighter bodied, with attractive red fruit aromas and a modicum of exotic spice. The palate is tight, pure and a little sharp and pointed, while the flavors are of flashy, zesty raspberry. A juicy wine that treads lightly rather than with a hammer.
A single-vineyard wine (though not labeled as such), this was barrel-fermented in neutral French oak and bottled after about four months. Honey and toast are delicate nuances; the minerality and pure expressions of lime and kiwi fruit are at the core. This has excellent grip and medium-term aging potential.
Fermented and aged in six-year old wood for 24 months, this is a richly spicy wine. The wood is there to smell and taste, but it is the rich fruit that speaks. Yellow fruits are given weight by the mineral backdrop, while layers of acidity instill freshness. Drink this complex wine from 2018.
A clear favorite in a lineup of 2013 late-harvest NY Rieslings, this lip smackingly unctuous wine calibrates sweet, luscious fruit against layers and layers of spicy, saffron complexities. Honey-dipped grapefruit and melon flavors are rich and opulent, yet not at all cloying. It's a bracing, zesty wine that's delicious sip after long sip.
Quite savory on the nose and palate, with notes of cooked apple, lemon and peach purée. This is judiciously oaked with bright, lemon-lime acidity that livens up the palate.
This is an attractively structured wine, with ripe strawberry and smoky wood flavors. The fruit continues through to the soft finish, which is laced with acidity and a firm tannic core.
For such a large production wine, this Merlot has a lot going for it. It's full-bodied and rich in black currant, cherry, chocolate, violet, licorice and smoky oak flavors, with dense, intricate tannins. Probably best now and through 2009, before it drops its fresh fruit.
There's plenty of peachy punch to this off-dry Riesling, fresh off the excellent 2000 vintage in the Columbia Valley. It's meant to be served chilled—a good idea, which emphasizes the acids and takes the sweet edge off. Flavors of orange candy dominate the finish.
A fine followup to the 2008, this Chardonnay, from a high valley between Sonoma County and Napa Valley, combines rich tropical fruit with good acidity and an earthiness that grounds it. Feels complex in the mouth, taking the California style and wrestling it to elegance.
Subtle minerality lends surprising elegance to this otherwise buoyantly fruity wine. Succulent, soft yellow peach and apricot flavors are brightened by streaks of lemony acidity on the midpalate. The finish is refreshingly brisk. Drink now through 2018.
Sweet aromas of raspberry and grape soda set the stage, while sweet plum, grape and vanilla flavors play their parts. Fairly full-bodied, but residual sweetness makes this wine eminently drinkable. Imported by Winery Exchange.
As impressive as the woman—a pioneer in the Napa Valley—was herself, this 100% varietal wine from the estate property high atop Diamond Mountain is powerfully elegant, intense yet refined. It begins with a high-toned, graceful entry that's rich in blueberry and chocolate, the oak smooth and integrated, with a suggestion of hand-rolled tobacco. Drink now through 2022.
Fairly deep in color for a sparkling rosé, Sparr's Brut Rosé offers bold, berry-like aromas with hints of spring flowers and a plump, slightly corpulent feel in the mouth. The flavors are a bit rustic, with hints of underbrush and scorched earth.
A rich, round and silky texture provide pure pleasure in this exotically perfumed vineyard-designate that's full bodied and exuberant in baked plum, black pepper and anise. Well integrated and complex, it traffics in deeper, darker plumes of smoke and tobacco toward the lengthy finish.
This is a top-notch effort—a blend of 80% Grenache, 15% Syrah and 5% Mourvèdre. It starts off with intriguing floral and herbal notes, then delivers deep black-cherry flavors on the palate, tinged with savory nuances of roasted meat and black olive. It's full bodied and round, richly but finely textured and very drinkable now yet with the substance to age up to 10 years or more.
An expressive version of the variety, this includes tiny percentages of Malbec and Cabernet Sauvignon. Leathery plum and blueberry are the standouts in terms of aromas and flavors, with a soft, spicy streak that lifts the experience, finishing in a dusting of cocoa powder.
Slightly gritty black-fruit aromas include a sweet note of pastry along with a hint of prune. Wall-to-wall saturation ensures that all corners of one's mouth are covered. Flavors of blackberry, mocha and chocolate are highly impressive and expressive, while this settles nicely on a long finish. Drink now through 2024.
This is one of those delicious amber-colored desserts wines that will put a smile on your face. The nose is richly redolent of dried apricot, honey, bee's wax, yellow rose and toasted almond. The mouthfeel is satin-like with cheerful sweetness and bright acidity.
Ripe black cherry, blackberry and black pepper sensations dominate this brooding blend of 86% Sangiovese and 14% Syrah. The spicy, dense palate is forward and warm accompanied by bracing tannins that carry through to the finish. It's shy on fresh acidity so best enjoy this soon.
Has aromas of coffee and cola, sprinkled with black peppercorn. The palate offers smooth, dry tannins with juicy plum and stone-mineral flavors. A very pretty, enjoyable wine overall. Imported by Epicurean Wines.
From one of southern Italy's leading producers, this hearty Aglianico offers earthy aromas of just-turned soil and blackberry. The delicious palate has a ripe core of black cherry accented with white pepper and balsamic notes. It's polished, round and very enjoyable now so drink soon.
This medium-bodied, juicy rosé displays welcoming aromas of crushed stone and ripe berries. The flavors run along similar lines, with a watermelon-rind note coming to the fore, only to fade into lingering mineral notes on the finish.
This wine comes from perhaps the most well-known of the many Beaune Premier Crus, from a small parcel of vines that are over 100 years old. It is a rich wine, generous and with a ripe future. At present, the structure and tannins dominate, allowing the wine to have good aging potential. Drink from 2020.
Supple and structured, with ripe tannins, this wine offers a seamless mix of red and black fruit flavors, along with fragrant tobacco, fig jam and dark chocolate notes.
This is a rich, complex wine that has great tannins as well as very fine, ripe black fruits. It comes from the showpiece estate for Casa Ferreirinha in the Alto Douro. The dense fruits and balanced tannins and acidity are just beginning to develop, hinting at the very fine wine it will become. With final acidity still very present, it needs time. Drink from 2019.
Blended with a healthy dose (21%) of Merlot, this luxurious, velvety wine is named for co-owner Craig Hall's mother. Blackberry jam, black pepper and a touch of thick tar mark the full-bodied deliciousness going on here, a totally pleasurable experience worth enjoying now, though it can be held through 2020.
Subtle oak, strawberry, raspberry and mocha flavors come together in a rich swirl in this unique Pinotage. Juicy and smooth, with elegant tannins and a lingering finish, this is a very nice example of what South African Pinotage can achieve, and how it can please multiple palates.
Blackberry, black currant and toasty oak make for a dark, charred, manly nose. This is full but not heavy, with racy acidity and firm tannins. Blackberry, baked plum and savory flavors finish with notes of prune and leather as well as salted cured meat. Drink through 2022.
Cooked or burnt black currants and caramelized oak are the flavors you'll find in this tannic wine. It feels heavy-handed, and is unlikely to develop with age.
Scents of chamomile flower, bread crust, toast and orchard fruit lift out of the glass. A blend of 70% Pinot Nero and 30% Chardonnay, the palate offers Golden Delicious apple, nectarine, herb and toasted hazelnut. Fresh acidity and vivacious bubbles brighten the creamy flavors.
A ripe rich style of wine, with swathes of black-currant fruits and cushioned tannins, this second wine of Duhart-Milon is full bodied and deliciously rich. The fruit carries the wine with its smooth tannins. Drink from 2022.
Crisp, minty, herbal aromas of berry and plum lead to a bright, rumbling, tannic palate with energy. Blackberry and chocolate flavors are good and earthy, while the finish is plump but braced by lively acidity. This is well made and satisfying for a basic roble wine.
Fermented in stainless steel barrels, this wine is a vibrant red hue, with strong dried cherry, cranberry and orange aromas. Full-bodied and concentrated, it's a dry and substantial rosé.
This is a soft wine, lightly spicy and toasty. With its stalky red fruits and gentle tannins, it is an easy wine to drink with its young fruit and crunchy aftertaste.
Very dry, tannic and peppery, this complex young wine is crying out for a good steak. It shows rich cherry, blackberry and currant flavors, with a gamy streak of leather. Drink now.
If this Cab was a few bucks cheaper, it would be a pretty good buy. The fruit is ripe and rich in blackberries and currants, the tannins are sturdy, and the finish is dry. Drink now.
A fine,  wood-aged wine from the Dão's star white grape, it gives yellow fruit tones of apricot and peach, with toast and lees flavors providing a rich, full-bodied structure. The acidity cuts right through the palate, bringing out a lively, fresh aftertaste. Drink now, but the wine will be better in 2015.
The Daou brothers aren't known for subtlety, so it's no surprise that this Sauvignon Blanc is rich and plush with oak-kissed peach, smoked apple and toasted nut aromas. There's good energy and grip to the palate, with tangy Meyer lemon rind flavor and that powerful oak smoke that's uncommon for Central Coast whites but befits the house style.
Aromas like melon and almond, then flavors like peach and honey make a sophisticated blend in this dry, light-bodied wine. It has vibrant acidity for good balance and richness in texture that lingers on the finish. The name refers to the egg-shaped concrete vats used for fermentation.
A bit rustic and briary, this has a foresty aroma along with a rooty note and a hint of cola. It feels big and acidic, but the cassis, blackberry and herbal flavors are authentic and hit firmly. The finish is long, mildly herbal and juicy, with weight and power to spare.
This appealing, easy drinker offers notes of vanilla and pear. It's ripe and sweet, fleshy in feel with flavors that lean toward the tropical.
The wine has a slightly awkward note of burnt biscuit behind more satisfactory aromas of soft, sweet cherry, rose petal, tobacco and leather. The mouthfeel is edgy and sharp with a spice-driven finish.
This is fresh, showing plenty of pop on the fruit-filled bouquet. It feels wide and jammy, yet grabby and dry because of its firm tannins. Typical of Bonarda, it's full of ripe black-fruit flavors and licorice, while the structured finish makes for a good ending.
Wow. This classy, ripe chateau-bottled rosé is from the eastern Langeudoc, sometimes called Chateâuneuf-du-Pape South. Mainly Syrah with a little Grenache, it was fermented in steel to preserve freshness, and oak-aged. Smooth and ripe in cherries, with fresh Provençal herbs and a hint of flowers, it has minerally acids and tons of finesse. Full enough to drink with red meats.
The warmth of the year brings out rich fruits as well as the cool structure of a wine from the Hautes Côtes in the hills behind Beaune. There is acidity, of course, coupled with red berries and an underlying ripeness.
Aromas of mature black plum and baking spices take center stage on this young red. The ripe palate offers graphite, licorice and red cherry but it's a bit limited on freshness so enjoy it soon with savory first courses like pasta topped with ragù.
Coming from one of the state's premier Syrah vineyards, this wine brings aromas of iron and huckleberry pie. The blueberry and earth flavors are quite ripe, lingering on the finish.
High ambitions are evident in the lovely mineral and citric nose of this new entry from the former winemaker of Houghton Wines. Unfortunately, the palate does not quite make the grade, turning in an overly light impression and a short finish. Drink up.
Light and citrusy, and also fairly green. This is your standard stripped down model that pushes green apple, green melon and lime. Get the picture? It's a green wine that has freshness but not much depth.
Despite being aged in used barrels, this does show some oaky notes, but they're well balanced by bushels of black cherry fruit. It's lush, creamy and harmonious, with a long finish and up to 10 years of longevity.
Tempting fruit and spice aromas come up with the finely textured bubbles. The flavors are layered, intricate and rich, suggesting red cherries, crisp apples, cinnamon and more. A light salmon color makes this look like a rosé but it's not labeled as such. It's generous, complex and delicious.
This wine comes from the Les Pougets parcel, in the heart of the Corton-Charlemagne vineyard. It is an exceptional wine that's concentrated and dense, with ripe fruit packed into a impressively structured parcel. Yellow plums and cherries, taut pink grapefruit and fine wood aging all add complexity and longevity. Drink from 2018.
With more than eight years of careful aging since the harvest, this opulent sparkler boasts a unique balance between elegance and power. The aromas are feminine and floral but the mouthfeel is intense and persistent with lingering tones of caramel and yellow rose.
This is an herbal expression of Montepulciano d'Abruzzo with aromas of dried grass and dandelions. There's not much fruit but there are bitter spice tones of clove and nutmeg that could work with Mexican or other spicy foods.
Tonic and refreshing, with hints of fresh florals and apple skins, this light bodied Pinot Grigio is a pleasant aperitif. Airy and brisk, with a just a touch of astringency on the finish. Drink now.
The best Don Max in quite some time. After too many herbal-green vintages, the 2005 is ripe, rich and well woven. The bouquet shows hickory, roasted plum, chocolate, vanilla and peanut. The palate, meanwhile, is all about pure cassis, blackberry, mocha and spice. Finishes with a dash of caramel and earthy fruit leftovers. Honest, rugged and ready, but ageable for at least another 3–4 years.
Fragrances recall wet leaves, underbrush, forest berries and baking spices with a touch of espresso. The palate reveals black cherry accented with black pepper and espresso alongside bracing, tongue-drying tannins. This is a big wine, but the fruit isn't quite rich enough to support the evident alcohol.
This soft, stewy Zin tastes as if it were steeped in black tea and leather, giving it depth and concentration. As it opens, layers of black pepper pierce through, exploding on the finish amidst earthy cedar and sandalwood. It's a fine food wine that'll impress and improve as the meal goes on.
Located just south of Margaux, this estate has produced an attractive wine that plays on the fruit of the vintage. The fresh black-currant character is enhanced by light flavors of wood aging. It will age for a few years, so drink from 2018.
Deeply concentrated on the nose with pure black fruit and whiffs of toast and wood, this Merlot packs a lot of bang for the buck. Full bodied and dry, it's mellow but bright, overflowing with cassis and black cherry flavors and a fresh, herbal finish.
Right out of the starting blocks this is an oaky wine, dripping with caramel and vanilla notes. The texture on the midpalate is finessed and graceful, with drying tannins that latch onto the oak-driven finish. An eccentric blend of 50% Tannat, 35% Petit Verdot and 15% Pinotage.
Bright red cherry and raspberry flavors are pristine and ripe in this powerful yet nuanced Lemberger. It's remarkably rich and full in body, but cranberry acidity makes it zesty and refreshing on the palate. It finishes with a touch of white pepper spice.
Ripe, mushy plum and black cherry guts lead the way on the nose, with secondary notes of cured meat and tree bark. Medium weight and very approachable now with dusty tannins and a solid finish.
Very rich and extracted, and much more full-bodied than Sausal's “Family” Zin, with which it was co-released. This is one to cellar for a few years, to let things come together. Just massive in chocolate, berry jam and pepper spices, wrapped into firm, refined tannins.
Aromas are of cherry, mushroom and roasted meat. Pleasing, dusty texture on the palate, with stably, leathery notes. Some tannins still hanging on.
Lifted ripeness and candied lemon peel send their aromas heavenwards. These rounded aromas with a fetching touch of bitter fir and honey also appear on the palate where acidity is present but cushioned. Like honey parfait spiked with lemon peel, this is lovely and lingers long.
This smells charred and burnt, with a leaf aroma following. It ranges from fresh to grating, with roasted tomato, plum, compost and earth flavors. Saucy and roasted on the finish, this is a blend of Tempranillo, Cabernet and Syrah.
This firm, perfumed, dry wine has concentrated spice and raisin flavors. Owned by the group that also owns Taylor Fladgate and Fonseca, Romariz continues to forge its own identity.
This arresting wine delivers aromas of fresh-ground coffee, sweet spices, licorice, dark fruit, pencil box, bay leaf, black currant and smoke, showing so much nuance you want to just keep on sniffing. The palate brings inky, dense, seamless dark fruit flavors and beautifully integrated tannins. It's completely irresistible now—a flat out stunner—but promises to have a long life in the cellar.
Smooth and creamy, this wine wears its wood aging easily. The toast is present, ready to complement flavors of ripe apricot and creamed pear. There's an attractive tang of bitter orange on the finish that adds both weight and aging potential. Drink from 2015.
This is a good, dry and racy Chardonnay. It's not rich or particularly fruity, but it is elegant, with mineral-infused suggestions of citrus fruits brightened with a bite of acidity.
Of all the various d'Arenberg Shiraz bottlings, this may be the silkiest in texture this vintage. It's still a full-bodied wine, filled with savory, earthy notes of black olive and espresso, but the finish stands apart for its length and suaveness. Drink now–2025.
From one of Chambolle's best premier crus, this is a very complete wine, its tannins kept in balance with ripe strawberry and plum jelly flavors. It is ripe and full, hinting at concentration of minerality and structure, but already opening out well.
This bubbly is on the sweet side. It has sugary pineapple and orange flavors. A little scoury in texture, it's an easy sparkling wine to drink with sweet foods, like wedding cake.
There's a rich, velvety texture here, and it's fully dry, but the fruit has a baked quality, and the burnt char of oak adds to that smoky astringency. Finishes salty. Might simply be going through a clumsy stage.
Bright aromas of toast, spice and pear are followed by medium-bodied fruit flavors that persist on the finish.
Angludet is the story of an estate that has been built up painstakingly over several decades. The Sichels, whose family home this is, make very satisfying wines, which are always good values. The 2001, with its good structure, its black fruits and its sympathetic use of wood, has balance and elegance. Ripe fruits with tobacco aromas complete the package.
Pretty, floral and sweet aromas of blue flower and forest floor are doled out in a very controlled and feminine manner. The wine is elegant and refined and shares many of the same characteristics that you would find in a top-rated Pinot Noir.
Aromas of fragrant spring flowers, peach and a whiff of candied citrus zest lead the nose. The slightly sweet palate doles out white peach, creamy pear and Granny Smith apple alongside racy acidity and a creamy mousse.
Here's a fun everyday rosé that offers delicate raspberry and citrus flavors alongside fresh acidity. It's simple but well made, with a clean finish.
Bright in color but that's where the excitement ends. The nose has plum, cherry and nail polish aromas, while the palate is sour, sheer, overly acidic and tartaric to the max. Way too sour and sharp.
From one of South Africa's top Chenin Blanc producers, this Chenin is pretty and accessible, with waves of lemon, orange and citrus on the nose and fresh fruit flavors of pineapple and apple on the palate. Clean but balanced, it's both elegant and embraceable.
This crisp wine has plenty of acidity as well as lively fruits. The structure and texture are light and lifted, with a clean aftertaste. Drink now.
This is a soft, creamy, strawberry- and caramel-flavored wine with lively acidity and a very crisp, citrusy aftertaste. It's an ideal apéritif-style wine, perfect for the summer.
Ultraconcentrated and almost heavy on the nose, but not fully syrupy or leaden. Has a heavy disposition in the mouth, with brown sugar, caramel and other usual suspects making up the flavor profile. Creamy and chunky on the finish. Excellent dessert wine for the price.
Scratchy red fruit aromas greet you along with leather and cheese scents. Feels juicy, light and mild, with plum, raspberry and freshness. Clean but lean, with zesty red fruit flavors and snappy acidity.
Enticing scents suggesting iris, rose, tilled earth and red berry slowly emerge in the glass. The meaty palate doles out ripe black raspberry, juicy black cherry and a potpourri of cake spice alongside a backbone of firm tannins and fresh acidity. A licorice note closes the lingering finish. Drink 2018–2024.
Aromas of chopped herb, ground peppercorn, exotic spice and a balsamic note lift out of the glass. The taut palate offers dark cherry, raspberry, cinnamon and licorice alongside austere, fine-grained tannins.
This is a very beautiful and intense sparkler with delicate floral tones that come on the heels of white peach and Golden Delicious apple (10% Chardonnay is blended in). Traces of distinct minerality add elegance and dimension.
Delicate aromas of white stone fruit, ripe pear and white flower lead the nose while the bright palate offers crisp green apple, juicy white peach and a hint of bitter almond. Fresh acidity lifts the finish.
The fifth generation certainly got it right. This wine is more savory than fruity, as earth and oak flavors highlight the aromas while baking spices and almond flavors soothe the palate. It's smooth and lush in texture and not too heavy in body. Drink now.
This is different in style from the kabinett bottling, being less fragrant and charming yet broader and more powerful. It's minerally right up front, like smoky quartz, then plump and slightly creamy on the midpalate before ending in a dusting of crushed stones.
Soft and slightly one-dimensional, this bears blackberry and cherry jam flavors enriched with smoky oak. There's a funky, Syrah-like bacon note, too. It's not likely to improve with age, so drink up.
Normally a blending wine, because on its own this varietal offers sweetness and frangrance without accompanying body and depth, and this wine shows why. ItÕs pretty as a picture, with black raspberry flavors and soft tannins, but it seems to need a center of gravity, especially at this price.
This organically grown blend of Touriga Nacional and Aragonez comes from one of the old aristocratic Dão estates. It's structured with robust tannins and has richly dense black currant fruit. Drink from 2019.
Spicy and aromatic, this displays an aggressive streak of vanilla extract, perhaps from aging in one-quarter new French oak. Past that it opens into lush black-cherry fruit, with a lingering, concentrated finish.
A classic combination, this pits earthy, muscular Cabernet Sauvignon against a roughly equal amount of spicy, peppery, audacious Syrah, taking the best from each. The fruit is blackberry and cassis; and there are scents of leaf, biscuit and pencil lead. Full-bodied and flavorful, this is more forward and velvety than Buty's other current red wine releases.
This Syrah/Mourvèdre blend is a forward, bright and seamless expression of peppery berry fruit. Tart, smooth and accessible, it's backed with refreshing minerality and a dollop of cocoa.
The Calina label  seems to have hit its stride; this Carmenère opens with scents of black fruit, dill sprigs and chocolate. The palate broadens with olive, plum, blackberry and coffee flavors, and as a whole it comes together with a certain ease that announces it's on the money.
Modest notes of lanolin and nuts up front are followed by a rather thin, off-dry palate. Appealing toasty notes on the finish fade away rather quickly. Drink now.
This bold, burly wine has a pretty shine to it. Attractive honey, melon and buttered-toast aromas dance on the nose, and the creamy yet structured palate offers coconut and banana flavors along with proper acids. It's very much like the inaugural '99 wine, maybe a bit better balanced, but less concentrated. Regardless, it's still potent Chardonnay featuring plenty of high-grade oak.
With aromas of cherry and lavender, this inky garnet-colored wine delivers flavors of blackberry, black plum, eucalyptus, anisette and iodine with a touch of salinity. There is a nice interplay of fruit and cooling herb flavors amid firm tannins that come to a head in a minty finish. Mevushal.
There's a modern touch of vanilla bean, chocolate and soft spice that comes on the heels of bright cherry and plum. You'll also recognize tones of mesquite and cherry cola and this ruby-colored Valpolicella Classico Superiore offers very good intensity with sour cherry flavors on the finish.
Napoleon's secret was that he liked Syrah in his Bordeaux blends, so this mix of 46% Cabernet Sauvignon, 23% Syrah, 13% Cabernet Franc, 12% Merlot, 4% Malbec and 2% Petit Verdot shows why, offering fresh and vibrant aromas of blueberry and licorice candy. Bright blackberry preserves pop on the palate as does fudge in this easy-drinking wine.
Basic berry and plum aromas are a bit foxy and herbal. This feels choppy and scratchy due to raw tannins. Generic black-fruit flavors are short and salty, while this ends with a clipped feel and medicinal berry flavors.
This mouthwatering rosé is a traditional blend of 50% Grenache, 40% Syrah and 10% Mourvèdre. It's medium-bodied, boasting notes of fresh herbs, cherries and white chocolate, balanced by a hints of sea spray. Drink it over the next year.
Restrained aromas of white flower, beeswax and a light whiff of Mediterranean herb lift out of the glass. The racy, linear palate is more expressive, offering juicy tangerine, Bartlett pear and a hint of mineral alongside tangy acidity.
With its green, herbal aromas, this wine could come from New Zealand. It's crisp with intense gooseberry and packed with citrus and green apple flavors. Drink now.
An almost overpowering fragrance greets the nose on this bottling, with scents of lime and pear blossoms, honeysuckle, jasmine and peach sorbet. The palate is very citrus-driven, with oranges and tangerine skin, proving quite sour and tart for such a ripe introduction.
Notes of sour cherry and spice merge with bitter wood and green spice. This ripasso has character but is disjointed in places and awkward in the mouth with flat rubber flavors followed by bright cherry fruit on the finale. Imported by Small Vineyards LLC.
A brand new product from the folks at Rotari, AlpeRegis is a fresh and vibrant sparkling wine that offers easy-drinking appeal with subtle hints of elegance and sophistication that set it apart. Baked bread, apricot and citrus notes flavor the finish.
This wine comes from Woodinville Wine Cellars. It displays aromas of lemongrass, custard and tropical fruit. The flavors are ripe and full bodied, lingering on the finish.
Chunky, with citrus and asparagus on the nose. Flavors of orange, melon and bell pepper carry the palate. Finishes with some lemon extract even though it registers more full-bodied than light. Imported by GWFC-Gourmet Wine & Food Co.
A fresh and light wine, this familiar Vinho Verde boasts simple citrus and pineapple flavors, bright and finally just off-dry. Great summer drinking.
Citrusy aromas of lemon, grapefruit and orange blend with grass and herbs. Feels tangy, crisp and correct, with lime, grapefruit and fresh green-bean flavors. Mellow on the finish, but as a whole it's quite good and honestly reflects the qualities of Chilean Sauvignon Blanc.
Berry and plum aromas come with a hard oak topping that's hinting at paint and turpentine. The palate is juicy and tannic, with flavors of plum, berry, minty herbs and oak. The finish is rubbery and hot, with oaky leftovers.
This earthy and spicy Barbera possesses an intense fragrance of black cherry, plum, clove and herb. The palate shows ripe black cherry, raspberry, white pepper and hints of well integrated oak and roasted coffee beans.
Here's an easy-going Merlot from Lazio in Central Italy that doles out pretty aromas of cherry, prune and black plum. The wine is smooth and one-dimensional on the finish. Try it with pasta or pizza.
The tannins and high toast flavors have taken over this wine. The fruit has been submerged. It is difficult to see this completely balancing out.
Plum and cherry aromas turn herbal and piney with airing. Definitely a leaner, sharper Alazan than in the past, with body as well as piercing acidity. Black fruit flavors have an herbal undertone as the palate transitions to peppery spice. Bright and zingy; not much finish.
This smells like a typical Mosel kabinett, offering up hints of crushed stone and fresh flower-shop greenery. It's styled appropriately, with modest alcohol and a hint of residual sugar. It just lacks the extra flash of fruit and acidity needed to raise it to the next level, leaving it a good if somewhat commercial effort.
Ripe notes of raspberry and strawberry come to the forefront and are followed by spice, bramble and distant mineral tones. The wine is chewy, bright and polished and there's a nice finale that sees both bitter almond and chocolate.
Nice cherry, anise and cedar aromas open this affordable surprise. It follows through with good mouthfeel and balance, and black plum and chocolate flavors. Closes with ripe and even tannins, dark cherry flavors and toast shadings. Perfect for drinking this year and the next, and worth buying by the dozen.
The nose of this winning wine has coffee, vanilla and cassis aromas. Smooth but firm, the palate leaves a slight pucker while providing rich coffee, vanilla, mint and cherry flavors with style. Will be better with a bit of age—let it soften for a year or so.
This 100% Malbec from Hervè Lhuillier's young 2.5-acre parcel is a spicy ripe wine that reflects the warmth of the vintage. Great tannins and bold fruitiness are well blended for a wine that has good potential. Drink from 2019.
Aromas of menthol, ripe berry, dark spice and a balsamic note lead the nose. On the straightforward palate, star anise accents dried cherry while firm tannins provide support.
Notes of pressed apple and tangerine peels abound in this full-bodied Chardonnay. Rounded edges and soft acidity make it approachably creamy. Drink now through 2019.
It's rare to see an offering of this variety in Washington. This one comes from Lonesome Springs Vineyard. Aromas are initially so light you need to strain to get at them, with notes of lemon zest and herb. The palate is medium bodied, with stone-fruit flavors that provide appeal.
A rich, mellow wine, still with some ripe fruit, softness and fine balance. There are yeast and toast aromas and flavors that fill out the mouth with creaminess and point up the soft apricot flavors. Delicious. Tasted from a magnum.
Creamy and generous with notes of soft vanilla and stone fruit, this Chardonnay-Sauvignon blend has a beautifully aromatic nose and a light, compact texture in the mouth. Pair it with lightly fried seafood or fritto misto.
Tropical mango and pineapple flavors give this attractive wine an exotic character. It does have some herbaceous character but it is more about ripe fruits and a light texture. Drink now.
This bottling from neutral barrels is reserved on the nose, showing dust, light red fruit and earth aromas. The flavors are equally light, evoking red mulberry fruit and turned earth. Clean and quaffable, but not very exciting.
Don't look for density or any particular varietal focus here, but what you will find is a pleasing, soft, smooth wine with black cherry, licorice, smoke and chocolate. It's all front-loaded and fruit-driven, but if you want something to enjoy right now, preferably outdoors, with some butterfat in the soft, pliable tannins, this wine will deliver the goods.
Accents of mint and bay leaves integrate with the jammy black berry and cassis aromas. More plum and pepper flavors appear in the mouth, and stay through to the spicy finish. Drink up.
Dense cherry, plum and black currant aromas carry a note of latex as well as bacon. Feels fiery and powerful, not elegant or lifted, with untamed, slightly syrupy flavors of plum, berry, chocolate and cough medicine. Powerful Shiraz that seems more boozy than its listed 14% abv.
The Labyrinth bottling is made from older vines than the regular Pinot from Daedalus, and it is saturated with color and scents of mixed flowers. Rich, complex and textural, it adds unusual notes of mineral, hay and herb to the explosion of raspberry and cherry fruit.
This is dry and pretty tannic, and there's some heat from the alcohol, with signs of overripeness by way of raisin and prune notes. It's made in an old style, and though it's not ageable, it does have its charms.
Grüner Veltliner is fairly new to the Finger Lakes, but Hazlitt's exemplifies the grape variety's promise in the region. Touched with honeycomb and lemon on the nose, it's ripe and rich on the palate with concentrated flavors of white peach, melon and apricot. Bright with acidity, it finishes long with hints of green herb and lime.
Oak-driven aromas lead on the nose, with coffee, burnt caramel and toasted vanilla taking center stage. The ample body of this Tannat, Malbec and Merlot blend shows toasted plum and blackberry flavors accented by sweet vanilla tones and supported by grippy, grainy tannins.
Seamless luxury from stem to stern, this ‘baby Grange' is  impressive juice. Blackberry, menthol and smoke play unusually elegantly on the nose, the texture is velvet on the tongue with dark berry, coffee, licorice and muted black pepper flavors. The superb, very long finish combines all the elements with wonderful finesse and a rare grace. Not inexpensive, but fairly priced; you could pay twice as much for half the wine, almost any day in any fine wine store in the country. To be released 5/01.
Here's a great juicy wine, with rich fruit flavors. It has flavors of blackcurrant and other black fruits, with spices and bitter chocolate. There are dry tannins from the 12 months' wood aging. From the single vineyard Les Lauves, it leaves a great spicy, toasty aftertaste.
The acidity is strong and the cherry, herb tea and white pepper flavors are elegant. It grows on you as you sip, showing more and more complexity. It's a fine wine for drinking now with Pinot-friendly fare, such as roast lamb or a wild mushroom risotto with grated cheese.
This deeply colored and solidly built wine smells like black olives, dried plums and cedar, while tasting concentrated and ripe, with a polished texture. This will pair well with a rich dish like osso buco.
Simple and fresh, this offers the easy-drinking experience that has made Prosecco Superiore a world-wide sensation. Thanks to its peach and citrus aromas, this should go down beautifully with a simple platter of grilled vegetables.
Tangy acidity is the star here. It gives structure and backbone to the lemon, lime, pineapple and fig flavors, and makes the wine a great cocktail sipper.
Rich cassis aromas also carry a leafy, tobacco-like note. Then some chocolate emerges on the palate, along with dried herbs. Despite this wine's Cabernet content, it's ready to drink now.
Classic Sauvignon Blanc aromas of cut grass and asparagus are set against a faint mineral background. It's a bit simpler on the palate but finishes with an invigorating lemon edge. Drink up.
Fresh and juicy, with bright acidity and some solid tannins. Flavors of spice accompany an edge of green fruit. The aftertaste is tannins and wood.
This nicely captures the structural strengths of the '07 vintage. It's a muscular wine, with excellent depth and polish. In the mouth it displays exceptional Cabernet/Bordeaux character, in the context of bright Washington fruit. Vivid and aromatic, with a lifted palate that blends and matches dark cassis fruit and mixed herbs with hints of the 50% new oak. Age this for decades.
A flavor spectrum emphasizing grapefruit and kiwi makes this lively and original. Assertive aromas of grapefruit and new-mown grass leap out of the glass, then the flavors are vivid, tangy and lingering. A crisp texture and just enough richness in the body complete the package.
Pure Touriga Nacional from this quinta in the central Douro at Pinhão is rich and finely perfumed. Solid tannins and a concentrated texture are balanced with ripe black fruits and acidity. The wine is firm at this young stage and needs to age further so don't start drinking until 2019
This opens with blue flower, herb and dark-skinned berry aromas. The palate is lean, offering sour cherry fruit and a hint of star anise, set against tightly wound, austere tannins that leave a drying finish.
Full-bodied and firm yet rounded in mouthfeel and generous in fruit flavors, this wine strikes a harmonious balance that makes it irresistible. It boasts blueberry, black cherry, dark chocolate and cinnamon flavors, its plush texture carrying them long into the finish.
Talbott's style is always exotic and eccentric, with the grapes tasting so ripe, they have an almost botrytised, apricotty flavor. So it is with this '06, which also brims with grilled pineapple and sweet smoky oak. Best now.
Exquisitely smoky and savory dried herb tones calibrate rich, tropical fruit aromas on this dry yet voluptuously textured Riesling. The palate is penetrating with minerality and a soft, elegant lemon-lime acidity. Finishes long and rich.
Shows amazingly ripe fruit, offering a blast of pineapple jam, apricot, tangerine, papaya and lime flavors. The acidity is crisp and tart, and the oak is rich and flamboyant, yet in keeping with the size of the underling wine. Super-rich and decadent, this Chardonnay is at its best soon.
This wine starts with all the crisp, clean flavors and delicious freshness of Muscadet and finishes with a very soft, light aftertaste.
Smoke, barbecue and tar emerge from the nose of this ethereal and elegant Barbaresco. You'll also get delicate fruity notes of pressed wild berries and white cherry. The wine is tart and fresh with drying tannins and a polished feel. Pair it with boiled beef and mint sauce.
A touch of vanilla can be discerned in the sweet peachy juiciness of this wine which is already apparent on the nose. The palate is fluid, almost plump and rich with these flavors, especially peach and rose, come to the fore. A pleasantly bitter phenolic edge saves this from becoming too rich. Alcoholic warmth is apparent on the rich sweet finish.
Blocky, warm, earthy berry and raisin aromas smell oaky and minty. This is fairly sticky on the mouth, with resiny oak flavors topping candied berry fruit. This drinks like a liquid bonbon made of milk chocolate and black cherry jam.
Dominated by Tinta Roriz, this smooth, red fruited wine is ripe on the palate. Tannins come from wood aging as much as the ripe strawberry and red currant fruits. It has a smoky finish that is laced with acidity.
This sparkling Chardonnay from central Italy offers charred aromas of toasted almond followed by a thin, watery mouthfeel and a strong citrus aftertaste.
This medium-sweet wine brings aromas of acacia flowers and lemon lime zest to the fore. In the mouth there are flavors of honeycomb, lemon and acacia flower. The finish is delightful and slightly sweet.
Aromas of pencil shavings, Band-Aid, prune and black plum are good but shy. This Cabernet feels jammy but also a touch rough and tannic. Blackberry, toast, charred wood, salt and savory plum flavors finish solid but not complex or unique.
This straightforward, refreshing white opens with light scents of Spanish broom and a whiff of crushed stone. The palate is on the lean side, showing crisp apple, pear and a hint of mineral alongside brisk acidity.
Very slight reduction on the nose shows that these wines—despite their beguiling youthful aromas—are built to last. This has the generous ripeness of plump stone fruit and the edgy freshness of tart, fragrant citrus zest. The palate is precise, streamlined and clean; the finish tells of purity and lasting power. Enjoy now through 2035.
Gaïa is this small domaine's luxury cuvée of 80% Grenache and 20% Syrah, matured in a combination of tank and wood. It's a creamy-textured, medium-bodied wine that remains slightly tannic without being hard while featuring notes of dried cherries and blueberries. Drink now–2015.
92-94 Great acidity here, the wine has freshness as well as dried apricot and peach flavors, very honeyed. Excellent acidity to finish.
Expressive and bright, this has raw fruit and cherry aromas followed by touches of barbecue and teriyaki. The mouthfeel is plush, rich and slightly chewy, and the tight tannins need a few more years to soften.
Vines on the slope of the Brouilly hill give a firmly structured wine. It is has a fine sense of balance between the tannins and the bright black-cherry fruits. Rich and crisp with acidity, it is going to be a wine that brings out so much fruitiness as it matures. Drink from late 2017.
The basic Chardonnay here is nice, with citrus, pear and pineapple fruit flavors. But the oak weighs heavily, bringing a caramelized, butterscotch candy sweetness. Lots of people will like it for exactly that reason.
A blast of SO2 quickly blows off after pulling the cork, revealing a lovely mix of fruit and a more authentic, varietal herbaceous character. Clean and detailed, with citrus, dried herbs and no new oak, it leaves you with a hint of flint and an urge to pour another glass.
Flirts with being too oaky, but steps back at the last moment, allowing the toasty vanilla and caramel to accent, not overwhelm, the exotic tropical fruit and spice flavors. Comes across as flamboyant, but balanced. A wine to watch.
Dusty Asian spices mark this beautifully varietal wine. It's classic Sonoma Zin, totally dry and firmly tannic, with a wealth of smoky, briary wild berry, tobacco and tamari flavors. Bring on the sausage.
A hint of red currant fruit appears on the nose. The slender, translucent palate then expands into a harmony of tart, fresh berries, restrained smokiness, forest floor and earth. There is something honest and pure about this that lets the exquisite purity of those tart berries shine. You simply crave more.
This full-bodied Bordeaux-style blend is hardly simple and fruity. It has earthy spicy leathery aromas along with raspberry flavors tinged by earth and tobacco, plus moderate tannins for a pleasantly grippy texture.
Fruity and easygoing, this blend of 60% Sangiovese and 40% Syrah doles out crushed black cherry, blackberry, spiced blueberry, white pepper and clove. Supple tannins support the juicy flavors and give it a smooth texture. Drink now.
This is a straight-ahead, crisply  defined, well-ripened Chardonnay. Bright flavors of jicama and green apple are within a toasty frame. It's light and accessible, with good balance and flavor.
This is an intense wine, and a very young one. It's tight and minerally, with stone, lees, citrus and sweet oak flavors that leave behind the impression of austerity. You could enjoy it now, but don't serve too cold, and it will improve and become more complex with up to six years in the bottle.
This offeing is a clean, fruity wine with pear and white peach flavors. It is soft, lightly tangy with orange zest and attractively ready to drink.
Tangy berry/black cherry fruit is backed with lots of acid and hints of earthy funk. It's not vegetal but it is definitely herbal, a complex and flavorful reserve that falls right between Balboa's regular Syrah and the Sayulita.
A little heavy at first, but airing reveals a robust and stirring bouquet of plum and berry aromas mixed with coffee and leather. The palate is pure and deep, with a lush set of blackberry, ripe plum and berry syrup flavors. Shows a fine structure, a long and warm finish, and the potential to age another 5–8 years.
Made using fruit that was sourced from 30- and 40-year-old plantings, this has captivating flavors of black cherry and cassis, wrapped in brambly hints of herb. It shows plenty of intense power, with many more layers surfacing with breathing time. In fact, it's just as good on its second day.
Fruity is the best way to describe this young wine that shows touches of weight and darkness but mostly simple, fresh, lightly candied berry aromas and flavors. There's crispness and intensity to the palate, while the finish is clean.
It is easy to find the varietal character here, in a wine that has plenty of red cherry juice and tannins that spread well through the wine. It is on the jammy side of Pinot Noir, ripe, full of strawberry juice, but always with tannins present.
Aromas of toast, menthol, wild berry and oak take shape in the glass. The palate delivers dried black cherry, well-integrated oak, coconut, espresso, mocha and a hint of anisette balanced by firm, slightly astringent tannins.
This inaugural release from former NFL quarterbacks Dan Marino and Damon Huard is a blend of 86% Discovery Cabernet Sauvignon, 9% Klipsun Merlot and 5% Champoux Cabernet Franc. It's aromatically brooding at kickoff, with notes of dark coffee, dusty earth and cherry. The soft, smooth cherry and coffee flavors will benefit from additional time in the bottle, as this wine is more about elegance than sheer power. Give it until 2025–2030 to see it at its best; it has the stuffing to get there.
Bright and sassy, this light-hearted Rhône rosé has fresh spice and lemon zest scents and a thread of cinnamon running through the palate. Ends on a short citrus note. Drink up before the fresh fruit fades.
This smooth, rich wine exudes southern warmth. The blend of Touriga Nacional, Aragonez and Alicante Bouschet gives a ripe, dark-colored wine dominated by black fruits. Tannins and acidity provide happy support. Drink now.
The simple bouquet is dominated by white rose and peach blossom aromas. This shows a nice quality of creamy effervescence as well.
Delicate aromas of raspberry and almond carry through to the palate along with tangerine and clove. It's balanced by bright acidity and soft, supple tannins. Drink soon.
Barley sugar, butterscotch, demerara sugar and the faintest hint of maple syrup suggest the richness of this SGN right away. The concentrated sweetness is countered with illuminating freshness and holds tons of tangy spice. Wow. This is incredibly concentrated and has an elixir-like bundled energy that seems to be alive. The effect is both mesmerizing and invigorating.
Big, black and alive in the glass, with earth and black fruit aromas. The mouth is lively and pure, with blackberry and red plum flavors covering both the dark and red fruit bases. Grabby and long on the finish; very likable value-priced Grenache.
This interesting blend pairs 66% Zinfandel from head-trained old vines with 34% Grenache to offer a wine that, though six years old, manages to maintain a youthful freshness. Aromas of pomegranate, underripe strawberry, raspberry and candied rose petals lead into a juicy palate of hibiscus and rose hips. The marjoram spice and slate minerality keep it serious.
The wine is simple and tastes like regular chocolate milk, with a splash of blackberry liqueur. Zinfandel and Petite Sirah.
This straightforward, light-bodied and slightly sweet wine has a very thin candied aroma and smooth, frothy texture that fills the mouth. Cherry and blueberry flavors lead to a soft finish.
A deliciously rich wine, this is full of ripe fruit and rich wood and spice flavors. It is generous, layering peach and pear fruitiness cut with acidity. A tangy edge gives the wine an attractive bite. Drink now.
This medium-bodied wine is marked by dry, stony notes rather than a profusion of fruit. Subtle leafiness and hints of underripe melon give this a restrained aspect and suggest it's more of a food partner than a wine that will shine on its own.
This Port-style dessert wine is lush in aromas and flavors of kirsch, fig, cooked plum, clove and coffee. A nice expression of the Norton grape, this is viscous and smooth, yet the finish brings a bite at the end.
This lushly fruity Port folds in enough intriguing floral aromas to be more than a simple fruit bomb. Briary notes add another element to the creamy boysenberry flavors that are incredibly rich but not cloying or syrupy. Likely to mature early but hold well, thanks to masses of supple tannins. Great quality for the price.
Smooth and ripe, with a sweet, doughy character to the nose. Ripe, lush and healthy, with cassis and chocolate oozing off the palate. For the money this is rock-solid Malbec, saturated and chewy, with ample tannins. Imported by Frederick Wildman & Sons, Ltd.
With a high proportion of Alvarinho in the blend, this is round, with a creamed apple flavor. It is ripe, full and delicious now.
The wine smells of over-ripe fruit and this sensation continues through the palate. The fruit and the tannins don't coincide.
This wine is firm although with plenty of attractive red fruits. It is perfumed with structure and tight tannins along with a streak of minerality. The wine should be ready to drink soon.
Based in Humbligny, midway between Menetou-Salon and Sancerre, this producer has vines in both appellations. A delicate, perfumed wine, this enjoys a good balance between acidity and apple and white peach flavors. It's rounded, full in the mouth and ready to drink.
Blood red, with a center almost black, and a smell like raw meat. A remarkable wine, cropped at well under 2 tons/acre and vinified with roughly 50% whole clusters. Complex and aromatic, with a fruit jelly character that mixes exotic berries and black currants. This is a wine you can dive into and keep exploring; beyond the luscious fruits are layers of herb and cured meats and a vein of graphite.
This very rich, unctuous Syrah is immature and not especially subtle at this time. It's acidic and gooey in jammy blackberries and cherries and milk chocolate, with obvious oak influences. The idea seems to be ageworthiness, but that's a gamble. Could surprise.
Dark in color, this is a bold, spicy wine. It has firm tannins that contrast well with the dense black fruits and acidity. The combination makes for a wine that promises to age well—rich and with a fine smoky aftertaste. Drink from 2019.
There's a slightly pink hue to this wine from Lompoc's Norman Yost. The nose is bright and minerally, with strawberry, apple cider and slight watermelon aromas. There's even more going on once sipped, with pear spritzer and citrus zest playing along with gray rocks and elements both bitter and sour. It's a refreshing take on a grape that doesn't always get the rock star treatment.
Orange and lime aromas control the nose on this spritzy, tangy wine that literally shows bubbles in the glass. The flavors are lemony and sharp, with a grassy accent. Tasted twice.
Solid on the nose, with red fruit aromas, mild earth and leather. The palate is snappy and zesty, with bright acidity pushing raspberry and plum flavors. Tastes and feels right on the finish; perfectly nice for a $9 wine. The blend is 80% Tempranillo and 20% Syrah.
With its little seasoning of Muscadelle in the blend, this is an attractively perfumed wine. It has bright acidity, plenty of herbaceous flavors and a final pear and crisp apple aftertaste. Drink from the end of 2015.
FEatures a deep bouquet of red currants and strawberries.  Green tea and licorice accents add interest and the overall feel is bright yet full.  Closes with mineral-chalk and licorice elements.
This pale pink fizz is fragrant, with soft strawberry notes that display themselves on a yeasty, rounded, softly frothing body. The palate is dry yet creamy, and is given extra structure by beautifully streamlined acidity.
This is a strange wine (made with Piedirosso from near the ancient city of Pompeii) with a brownish, dull color and awkward aromas of candy cane and cherry pie.
A ripe wine that is soft and fruity, this is juicy and with fine acidity. The quinta, situated at the western end of the Douro region, has produced a wine with light tannins and which has fine, ready to drink fruitiness.
This grand cru selection seems to have a bit of everything. Essences of mint, honeydew and apricot are perfectly integrated with flavors of apple, citrus and honey, creating a broad mouthfeel that's coating without being too heavy. A crisp clean finish cuts through the heft to prevent it from falling flat.
This château in the middle of the Clos de Vougeot claims fame as the only winery situated inside the walls of this fabled vineyard. This ripe, rich and concentrated wine is full of jammy strawberry fruits that are deepened by the wood aging. The structure and the density of this wine show that it will age well. Drink from 2023.
Defined by tart acids, this shows a balance of cherries and raspberries with drier notes of cola and rhubarb that veer all the way into wintergreen. It's a slightly unripe wine, but dry and elegant, in the way of Carneros Pinot Noir.
Strong and aggressive, this dark and almost syrupy Syrah crosses the line from high-toned to volatile. The California-style, grapey fruit flavors of plum and blueberry should warrant a higher score, but for some tasters the volatility will be too much.
This structured rosé has a firm character, with tannins as well as fruit. It's crisp, while also full-bodied, full of ripe red fruits. A steely edge adds to the structure, making this an excellent partner for food.
Silky smooth, dry and classy, this Pinot shows great coastal personality in its tannins, crisp acidity and ripe flavors of cherries, cola, raspberries, pomegranates, orange zest and sweet rhubarb. That acidity is fresh and tart. Doesn't seem likely to improve, so decant. Should be nice with roast salmon, lamb chops or a great grilled steak.
Still young and showing fresh fruitiness, this wine needs time to calm down and broaden out. Made of four classic varieties in the Esporão vineyard, it's dense, stalky and still full of tannins. Give this wine until 2016.
With vineyards at Maures in the heart of Côtes de Provence, this château has produced a rich, sunny style of wine. With ripe strawberry flavors and a soft texture gently cut by acidity, the wine is made for apéritif.
An impressive, barrique-aged wine. This is very rich and intense, full of flavors of spice, ripe melons and caramel. This is a wine for aging—try it again in 4 or 5 years.
This dark Primitivo has an awkward nose that recalls tomato soup topped by a generous serving of milled white pepper. It's slightly bitter, with plenty of those thorny, peppercorn flavors in the mouth.
This is a throwback to those brash, flavor-exuding Aussie wines of the past. Flashy, sweet-scented oak (think maple syrup and toasted coconut) marks the nose, while concentrated cassis and vanilla flavors coat the palate. This is big, but gorgeously so, with velvety-rich tannins and a long, plush finish. No, there's nothing subtle about this blend of 60% Cabernet and 40% Shiraz, but sometimes subtlety is overrated. Drink now–2030.
Solid up front, with spicy notes and good red fruit aromas. The palate has snap and edgy acidity, but it's not too sharp or sour. Flavors of olive, spice and generic berry flavors lead to a dry, peppery, juicy finish. Totally regular, but good regular.
Candied pineapple, spun sugar, ripe key lime peels and lemongrass show on the nose of this stainless steel-aged wine. The expected crispness shows on the sip as does an energetic and lively acidity, though the honeysuckle and lemon syrup flavors trend toward sweetness.
From vines between 20 and 40 years old, this is an intensely fresh wine with crisp red-currant flavors and tight acidity. It is a classic food rosé, too dry and acid for an apéritif but wonderful to cut into any food. Drink now.
Light in color and silky in texture, this earthy wine offers overtones of cinnamon, dark cherry, raspberry and clove. Well integrated in terms of oak and tannin, it's full-bodied enough to please those who like a bigger styled wine.
This youthful wine plays most of its cards in the mouth, where it offers a plump, fruity feel with fresh accents of tangy acidity on the finish. The bouquet is redolent of red berry, cola and leather.
A field blend of several varieties, all organically farmed, this has a pruney aroma and flavors that lean rustic and raw, with a heaviness of weight.
For whatever the reason, this winery's Bordeaux reds, including Merlot, have shown tremendous improvement over the last few years. This Merlot is soft, sensual and lovely, with cherry pie, red currant, violet, mocha and new French oak flavors. Easy to drink now with robust grilled meats or stews.
A touch of yeast still clings to the beautifully fresh apple nose of this wine while the palate still tingles with some residual carbon dioxide. This is rather young but the fruit is very pure in crisp green-apple notes and fresh, tangy lemon. The palate is absolutely dry and very taut and fresh. Some yeasty notes also swing along on the palate. This certainly needs bottle age but promises to become a lemon-scented, fresh and linear marvel. It certainly has bags of tension and freshness. The finish is bright, refreshing and utterly clean.
This supremely elegant and age-worthy Sassicaia opens with an intense bouquet of black cherry, Mediterranean herbs, blue flower, cedar and leather aromas. Powerful but graceful, the palate delivers a vibrant core of black cherry accented with white pepper, mineral and balsamic notes alongside youthful but polished tannins and vibrant acidity. It's not as exuberant as some of its counterparts, but it may outlive all the other Bolgheri 2010s. Drink 2018–2040.
A wine that shows its wood aging from the mint aromas and dark, dry texture. At this young stage, the 18-month barrel aging weighs heavily on the fruit, but this should certainly soften after 3–4 years. An impressive wine showing the richness of 2009.
This pink wine smells of red-apple skins. The palate is low on acidity but not entirely dull. Dry briny lightly bitter flavors don't show a lot of fruit, while this is pulpy on the finish.
This wine's earthy cherry and plum aromas come with a hint of milk chocolate. The palate is edged with rubbery tannins, its savory, lightly salted plum flavors growing jammier and more fig-like as it breathes. A textbook fruit-forward Grenache.
Full of yellow fruits, this is a ripe and lightly wood-aged wine. Great acidity and plenty of rich but lively fruitiness play well together, leading into a crisp aftertaste. It needs to age a bit more, so drink from 2018.
A traditional Chianti blend is used here, including a small proportion of white grapes, and it shows how good an inexpensive wine made well in the traditional manner can be. The ripe cherry core sports tea and spice accents, and a chalk note appears on the palate. It closes with fine tannins and a dusty rose note.
This 100% Cabernet shows a ripeness level that few Cabs in the world are able to achieve. It's awesomely rich in blackberry, blueberry and cherry jam, cassis liqueur and mocha flavors, with new oak influences. Drink it over the next four years.
Tight and firm, this has a perfumed character, with hints of almond and lime juice and a slight bitterness on the finish. Too young at this stage, age this for at least a year.
From one of Sicily's most quality-minded producers, Re Noto (85-15% Nero d'Avola and Syrah) has both a fruity component in the form of blackberry and blueberry and a toasted, nutty one. The wine is equally balanced in terms of flavors and boasts an appealing dusty or spicy quality in the mouth. Imported by Kobrand.
K-J has a good track record for a varietally true Pinot Noir with their Vintner's Reserve bottling, and they've held the price steady for years. It's a fairly basic Pinot, elegantly silky and dry, with cola, cherry and vanilla flavors.
Violet in color, this Maule Carignan smells toasty and oaky, like maple and campfire. In the mouth, this is resiny but also flush and acidic. Woody upfront flavors are backed by racy plum and blackberry notes, while this tastes oaky but feels juicy and zesty on the finish. Drink through 2023.
Half Chardonnay and half Sémillon, this offers aromas of pear, apple and fig that are followed by lightly sweet fruit flavors that linger.
This is made by Eric Hamacher (Carlton Winemakers Studio) and mixes dried herb, tea, honeysuckle and green apple in a convivial style. Round and fruity, it's dry without being stiff or steely. Very drinkable.
A wonderfully opulent wine, so succulent and rich, it's almost decadent. But it stays smooth, polished and dry. The warm vintage yielded perfectly ripe cherry, plum and carob flavors accented by 20 months in 40% new French oak. Fully ready now, and should drink well through 2012.
Light strawberry fruit carries an undertone of dried grass. It turns a little sour in the mouth, but it's fine for the price.
Another terrific offering from Shafer, this is a wine that seems to do well regardless of the vintage. It always shows a firm minerality and slight herbaceousness, with tropical fruit flavors and a smoky coating of fine oak. It's a shade less opulent than the 2009, making this very elegant and refined, yet still rich and complex. Don't drink it too cold—airing brings out subtle nuances.
There is 36% Barbera, 32% Carignane, 30% Petite Sirah and 2% Zinfandel in this field blend, a lushly juicy, gulpable wine that offers firm tannins and spicy red fruit, cinnamon and earth tones. A subtle streak of bacon peeks out midway and onto the finish. A great food wine, it will make all kinds of meats, pastas and pizzas sing.
Strong blackberry aromas come with hints of wood smoke, graphite and minerality. On the palate, it is high in acidity and a touch scouring, but also fresh and lively. Common blackberry and toasty oak flavors end fresh and crisp, but short.
Ripe, jammy raspberry and blackberry aromas come with pastry notes and a strong blast of woodspice. This strapping wine has staunch tannins and hard-pushing acidity. Flavors of toast, blackberry and pepper lean toward the dark side, while the wine's handsome finish is secure in structure, balance and length. Drink through 2020.
This California Marsanne is deliciously ripe and fruity with flavors of apricots, oranges, limes, papayas and honey. A touch of oak adds vanilla toast, and there's just enough acidity for balance.
This plush, fruit-driven style of Shiraz displays aromas that resemble a cross between Nilla Wafers and graham crackers spread with berry preserves. The flavors follow along similar lines, underscored by hints of chocolate and coffee on the lingering finish.
This is one of the ripest, least earthy Dry Creek Cabs I've ever had. It's quite a lush wine, forward in juicy black cherry and cassis flavors, yet complex, with real depth and length to the finish. Drink now.
There is an attractive rustic, old-fashioned feel to this wine. It has less fruit and more tarry tannins along with touches of old wood. There is a juicy final taste that keeps the wine refreshing as well.
A veritable bouquet of lilacs and white blossoms, Hazlitt's standard Riesling is charmingly feminine with an abundance of sunny peach and quince preserve notes punctuated by musky whiffs of bergamot. Off-dry with a briskly acidic backbone, it finishes as pretty as it starts with a lovely violet scented note.
Roughly two-thirds Cabernet Franc and the rest Gamay, this is a peppery, tartly acidic red wine. Its sharp-edged berry fruit is braced with lemony scents and acids. Tannins are drying and a bit edgy.
Sweet and jammy, this Sauvignon Blanc's lemon and lime flavors have an unripe streak, but it has a clean mouthfeel.
Riccardo Talenti, grandson of Pierluigi Talenti, the grand old man of Montalcino, currently makes one of the finest Brunellos with the help of consultant Carlo Ferrini. They are now using new wood for aging, and the extra layer of richness this brings is apparent in the comparative accessibility of this wine. Yet it is also huge, with classic tannins and intense, concentrated flavors of sweet blackberry jelly.
This is pure Sauvignon Blanc, fresh, crisp and lightly herbaceous. It has attractive lemon flavors, a touch of saltiness and a bright, fruity texture. It is ready to drink.
Aromas of leather, cherry and plum lead this balanced red from Boutari. Ripe cherry, cedar and cinnamon flavors carry the palate, with soft tannins giving a sultry feel.
This is a soft wine, ripe with lime and grapefruit flavors that are sweetened with juicy red apple. It's tangy as well, laced with orange zest and filled with steely acidity. It should age a few months, so drink from late 2015.
Leathery, feral aromas including stemmy notes define the nose on this just-good-enough Malbec. There's not much give to the acidic palate, while flavors of mint and red fruits finish scratchy.
Trapiche's signature blend of Malbec and Merlot is at its best with this  bottling. The nose is smooth and deep as night, with a mix of black plum and light lemony aromas. The palate stands up as it accentuates plum and blackberry, while oak in the form of mocha and spice shows itself on the finish. A lively blend that should drink well through 2010 and beyond.
Tough and gritty, with Cabernet-like blackberry and currant flavors. It's the structure that's awkward, with astringency and even sourness on the finish.
This opens with Pecorino's classic floral fragrance of acacia and hawthorne, accented by whiffs of stone fruit. On the palate, it delivers ripe peach and apple flavors, with notes of ginger, almond and a drop of honey. Energizing minerality marks the finish.
Green pear, miso and soy sauce mingle spicily on the nose. The palate is a combination of rich, rounded yeastiness and fresh, zesty lemon. Sage and white pepper provide further layers. This is full of interest and freshness.
Rich and soft, this Cab hails from a great vineyard in Rutherford. It's dry, but tastes as sweet as a blackberry, chocolate and caramel pastry. The alcohol is high, yet balance and harmony characterize the mouthfeel. Drink now–2011.
This ripe, healthy wine offers aromas of baked black fruits, licorice and raisin. In the mouth, it's more vital than on the nose; racy acidity and firm but pure tannins make sure of that. For flavors, look for savory tomato, plum, berry fruits, licorice and schisty minerality. Finishing notes of mocha, plum and coffee are braced by hard-driving tannins. Drink through 2024.
Opulent, yes, but also deliciously perfumed, this is a full, rich and very sweet wine. Traminer lends its spice to the wine although the dominant characteristics are opulent botrytis and a liquorous texture. Age this gorgeous wine and drink from 2016.
This opens with creamy, soapy foam backed by delicate notes of citrus, pear and Golden Delicious apple. Easy drinking, this should pair with lightly fried appetizers.
Still young and dry, it has an austere, lean side that is still a way from being mature. Some juiciness gives a fresher potential. Drink from 2016.
Beautiful, aromatic notes of yellow and red apple peel on the nose acquire the slightest bitterness on the palate. The frothy, airy mousse is soft and the flavors are balanced, fruit-driven and have an almost autumnal, earthy apple tinge.
Like Iron Horse's other '05 Chards, this is a hard, minerally wine. The color is green-tinged, the aroma like lime juice drizzled onto a steel-bladed knife. With lime-grapefruit flavors and high acidity, it's an elegantly-structured wine that may surprise with development over the years.
Firm and tannic, this is a dense wine that is still young. It has concentrated tannins that dominate the potential of the juicy fruit. There is some of the typical minerality of a Dão wine that gives a tight texture. All these elements will soften soon to produce a fine, ripe wine. Drink from 2017.
The vineyard is known for its Pinot Noirs, but winemaker Bob Cabral says this is a singular block. The wine is one of the finer California Chenin Blancs, bone dry, moderate in alcohol, and clean in mineral-inspired citrus fruits. It's a complex and unusual alternative to Sauvignon Blanc or Pinot Grigio.
This soft and rounded wine has attractive lemon, peach and almond flavors. It's crisp while showing touches of honey that give a riper feel. It's ready to drink
Spicy and floral, with pretty cherry fruit concentrated at the core, this inviting Grenache combines grace and power. The flavors are complex and concentrated, with hints of green tea, cut tobacco, and a finishing streak of espresso and cocoa.
Barolo Case Nere from La Morra opens with extremely dark and concentrated extraction followed by young oak-related aromas of spice, leather and tobacco. But, thanks to the bright fruit notes at the back—blueberry, cassis and pomegranate—those toasted notes will fade further into the background as the wine evolves in time.
Leather, smoked meat, crushed rock, stewed black cherry and dried oregano notes show on the rustic nose of this bottling from the team at Cru Wine Company. It's light bodied, making for easy quaffing, with red plum, beef jerky and baking spice flavors.
Fragrant, complex aromas of rose petals and grapefruit lead to bold, fresh grapefruit and papaya flavors in this medium-bodied, dry wine. Anderson Valley is a great spot for Alsace varietals and this is a prime example.
This 100% Merlot was—intriguingly—aged for three months on Chardonnay lees. It has notes of herbs, cherries and green vegetables. It has an appealing, broad texture, finishing on a bitter note.
This is gorgeous, structured and complex Cab: savory and Old World in style in some ways, revelatory in Napa richness and roundness in others. It conjures up visions of cherry crisp topped in vanilla gelato, with traces of smoke, dark chocolate and black pepper, the tannin integrated and persistent on the finish. This is a good choice for cellaring as well, through 2023.
Full, yeasty and dry on the nose, this has rustic, lightly baked red-fruit aromas. It feels round and easygoing, with dry nectarine and melon flavors that lead nicely onto the subtle, fruity, fresh finish, with spice flavors and lasting acidity.
This creamy and well-textured blend of Insolia and Chardonnay offers immediate aromas of melon, stone fruit and a touch of citrus. The wine would pair with shellfish or white meat.
Citrus, green fruit, kiwi and a distant mineral note make up the aromatic characteristics of this Pinot Grigio from northeast Italy. You'll like the compact and focused nature of the wine and the refreshing impact it leaves on the palate.
This wine is sensationally rich and ripe with wild cherry, mocha, anise and tobacco flavors, with a long, spicy finish. It really impresses for sheer deliciousness. The blend is Zinfandel, Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petite Sirah. It's easy to find, with production an incredible 125,000 cases.
A little thin for a Chardonnay, but bone dry and elegant, with lemon and lime flavors and a touch of tangy minerals. Zesty acidity provides a brisk, mouthwatering scour. Easy to drink, at an easy price.
A light, almost thin wine, this hints at green fruit, white stone fruits and mineral texture. Drink now for its fruitiness and crisp aftertaste.
A sound, likeable Merlot, whose fruity richness, soft tannins and relatively modest price make it a good buy. It's forward in blackberry jam, cassis, red licorice and smoky oak flavors.
As good as this wine is tasting now, it will be better still with some time. It's bone dry and silky in the mouth with tart streaks of acidity. The palate is complex with flavors of wild red cherry, cola, raspberry, cranberry, balsam, spice and cedar that evolve with every sip as the wine warms in the glass. Give it 5–6 years to meld.
Blended from Grenache Blanc, Viognier, Roussanne and Marsanne, this is a fine wine for drinking now. It's dry and acidic and even a little tannic, with subtle apricot, tobacco and orange rind flavors.
This is rich and oaky, with ripe orange, pineapple and pear flavors and the buttered toast of oak barrel aging. Almost too much of a good thing, it trades nuance for sheer power, but it's certainly a good example of the California style.
Aromas recall ripe berry, violet, leather, oak and spice. The firm palate offers mature blackberry, dried cherry, espresso, roasted coffee bean, licorice and toasted oak. Assertive tannins leave an astringent, mouth-puckering finish. Drink after 2017.
Somewhat unstructured and overripe, this wine doesn't display much fruit, but has plenty of oak, particularly on the finish.
Sweet and simple, with flavors of buttered toast, popcorn, white sugar and pineapple jam. Crisp acidity helps for balance. It's not really a dry table wine, but it's a good example of its style.
This classy mutt wine mixes Cab Sauvignon, Syrah, Merlot and a dollop each of Zin and Cab Franc. It's quite substantial, showing muscle and nerve along with a strong streak of licorice right through the heart of the cherry-flavored fruit. They've upped the price, but this is bigger, richer and more structured than ever.
Aromas start sweet, then grow tomatoey and earthy with air. The palate offers lifted berry and cherry fruit countered by an herbal, almost sour, greenness that lasts through the finish. It's a well-made wine with a smooth, chalky feel, but its flavors are not all that harmonious. Imported by Old Bridge Cellars.
Hints of earth and mushroom, soy sauce and brine add umami to succulent blackberry and cherry flavors in this Merlot-based Bordeaux blend. The palate is crisp with sour-cherry acidity, and finishes with bold, chunky tannins that linger. It's showing quite a bit of maturity already, so drink now with a quick decant.
This is good example of the potential of Calabria's Greco Bianco grape. The wine is crisp and fresh and bursting with enticing notes of fruit, honey and mineral. You'll get citrus tones followed by cleansing flavors of lime and grapefruit.
Soft and rounded, this is a warm style of rosé, with ripe strawberry fruits, smokiness and a light layer of acidity. It's a food style of rosé, fruity while also structured.
Notes of honeysuckle, apple, Meyer lemon and legume dominate the nose, with a tropical fruit aroma arriving late. Medium bodied, the palate showcases zippy acidity that will pair well with chicken scallopini served with white beans and rosemary.
Crafted by one of Barolo's finest producers, this Arneis rocks. It's loaded with creamy Granny Smith and mineral sensations, accompanied by hints of Alpine herbs. The palate is structured but restrained, with a long, quenching finish. Imported by Masciarelli Wine Co, Moonlight Wine Co.
Aromas of wood spice, black licorice, graphite and blackberry are followed by cranberry and cherry flavors. It shows a fine sense of balance.
This elegant Elgin white starts with a slightly grassy nose, flecked by aromas of cspice and lemon. The wine's flavors of citrus and spice have a light touch and fruit is balanced by good minerality and acid. A refreshing, easygoing Sauvignon Blanc that will pair well with seafood and lightly spiced ethnic cuisine.
Dry and tannic in youth, this Cabernet shows a cool-climate influence in the earthiness and minerality that frame the black currant and oak flavors. It's a good wine, with a good structure. Give it a few hours of decanting and drink soon.
Fruity, with plum flavors soaked in a good dose of vanilla, this is an easygoing wine for casual entertaining or everyday use. The blend includes 8% Syrah.
This Pinot offers a substantial amount of big, concentrated fruit, from plum to ripe, almost baked cherry, the kind you'd find in a pie. Pronounced oak underlies a sizable amount of tannin structure, with savory spice and earthy leather layered into the wine.
Exuberant aromas of pressed strawberry and raspberry are cut by a squeeze of lime, a touch of pepper and a noticeable tension to the nose of this solid pink wine. Bountiful acidity frames the palate, where broad strawberry flavors and ripe orange are hit with a spicy twist.
This is a very ripe, forward wine, saturated in cherries, blackberries, currants and oak. It has Malbec's characteristically sturdy tannins and could use some protein and fat, a grilled steak, perhaps, to play against it.
Overdone aromas of candle wax, incense and air freshener show the musky side of the grape, while the palate is heavy with nectarine and citrus flavors. Finishes a little pithy and mealy, with a final wave of muskiness.
The nose of this 90% Sangiovese and 10% Merlot cuvée shows prune and vanilla scents. On the palate, it's simple and easygong, delivering cocoa and black cherry jam flavors. Drink soon.
Earthy and meaty, with aromas of dark cherry, plum and a whiff of volatility. Once things settle, it evolves into a full and flowing, semigeneric red with earnest grape and blackberry flavors along with cola. While it's hard to peg this as varietal Syrah, it's well made, balanced and full. Good for folks who like full-bodied wines.
Very good Syrah, with tight, astringently young tannins courtesy of the region's cool climate. Impressive for its balance, a big, rich, dry wine with ripe blackberry, coffee and white pepper flavors and an elegant, upscale mouthfeel. Drink now through 2010. Excellent value for the price.
Fruit is harvested from the La Rocca cru located directly behind the Castello di Soave, one of the most beautiful vineyards in Soave Classico. The wine opens with a rich golden color and aromas of mature fruit and peach. Now is the right moment to drink this wine.
This blend of 65% Cabernet Sauvignon, 20% Cabernet Franc, 10% Merlot and 5% Carmenère is fragrant, with raspberry, freshly sliced bell pepper and green herb notes. The palate is full of cocoa and chocolate flavors, leaning heavily on oak attributes but still providing appeal.
Lemon freshness encounters some honeyed richness. There's a hint of pleasant bitterness of honeycomb on the flavor, while the palate is streamlined with zesty lemon freshness. These create an intriguing and successful counterpoint on the dry, slender but expressive body.
A textured wine, it's still very crisp, tight and closed up, only just hinting at a more fruity side. Waiting a few years will reveal the delicious citrus, peach and vanilla flavors that will show how generous and rich this wine really is. Don't touch before 2017.
Given the vineyard sources (Kiona, Ciel du Cheval) and the AVA (Red Mountain), this pure Cabernet Sauvignon may come into its own with a bit more bottle age. Tasted prior to release, it's in a bit of a dumb phase, the fruit essentially in hiding. A hint of raspberry is there, cloaked in leafy notes, with a slightly chalky finish.
Ripe black-skinned fruit, bell pepper, dried herb, French oak and balsamic aromas lead the nose on this 100% Merlot. The ripe concentrated palate offers dried blackberry, raw cranberry, espresso, vanilla and a confectionery note alongside firm, grainy tannins that leave an astringent mouth-drying finish. Give the tannins another year or two to soften, then drink up to enjoy the remaining freshness and fruit.
Lean and a bit ungenerous, especially for a 2003. Tart apple and citrus aromas and flavors shed some early sulfur but never really blossom, finishing hard. Imported by Valckenberg International, Inc.
This bright Trebbiano from the beautiful Spoleto area of southern Umbria offers creamy peach and citrus aromas with a touch of dried hay at the end. The wine matures in stainless steel to lock in its fruity freshness.
Ruggeri & C. is one of the best producers of Prosecco Superiore sparkling wine. This Extra Brut expression does not carry the Prosecco designation, but it does show many of the fresh and cheerful qualities associated with that category of Italian bubbly. It is redolent of white flower and citrus and shows dusty dryness on the close.
Dark in color, with black plum along with damp earth aromas. But in the mouth it's sharp, with searing acidity. A confusing, atypical Cabernet.
Similar to the 2009 vintage, which was another cool year, this single-vineyard offering is bone dry and strong in tannins, with a complex austerity. It shows tobacco, balsam and tamari notes alongside hints of raspberry and blackberry. It needs rich, complex meat stews or pasta dishes with tomato, garlic and lots of cheese in order to balance the wine's tannins and acids, and to coax out the sweetness.
Fresh, fragrant orange peels and rose petal notes perfume this dry-style Riesling. The palate has a ripe yet slightly muted tone of marmalade and dried citrus-peel. Racy, lemon-edged acidity brightens the finish.
Firm and detailed, this light-on-its-feet Sauvignon Blanc has a wonderful spiciness, as if it's been dappled with sweet pepper. The fruit is just ripe enough to capture the grassy sweetness of the grape, and it holds itself together well into a long and satisfying finish. Elegant and beautifully proportioned, this is a real pleasure to sip.
With its mélange of Verdelho, Viognier, Grenache Blanc, Rousanne and Chenin Blanc, this layered white offers something for most palates. On the nose, citrus, flowers and tropical fruit lead, followed by flavors of soft but vibrant fruit balanced with a citric, minerally zing. Complex but refreshing.
Although this opens with foxy aromas that suggest moderate to sketchy ripeness, this Garnacha-Syrah blend feels pretty good. Mild oak, plum and berry flavors are racy on an acidic finish.
All five Bordeaux grapes are blended in this aromatic wine sourced from the Seven Hills and Pepper Bridge vineyards. In the mouth it is compact with a dense verticality, opening with raspberry and moving on into cassis fruit. Tight and young, compact and nicely structured, this should be cellared through 2022 to 2024.
Clumsy out of the starting blocks, with creamy chocolate aromas, leather and leafiness. The palate is solid and concentrated, but short on elegance and depth of flavor. What's here is blocky and chunky, but also sort of green and flaky. Decent but with some issues, and just good on its best day. Imported by Carolina Wine Brands USA.
The nose of this wine is bursting with raspberry, cranberry jam, violets and geranium. These notes carry to the palate, effortlessly melding together with a faint hint of tar. Soft cedar and nutmeg from 18 months in French oak offer compexity and a full structure. A smooth texture and well-integrated tannins make for a long and complex finish.
There's a spicy touch of white pepper or dried sage backed by peach and melon that gives this Friulano extra lift and intensity. It feels simple and thin in the mouth but it does shows signs of territorial identity thanks to its unique bouquet.
Crisp and flavorful, a delicious Chardonnay designed for rich fare like scallops or shrimp in saffron, coconut milk and butter sauce. The flavors of pineapples, mangoes, nectarines, peaches and smoky oak are complex and have a honey-sweet finish.
Corn chip and lightly oxidized stone-fruit and apple aromas arrive prior to a crisp, whole palate. Direct flavors of apple, herbs and white pepper don't mess around, while this tastes of citrus peel and related pith on a finish that's tight as a drum.
This AVA-specific cuvée brings a sharp focus to mixed fruit flavors of raspberries laced with citrus highlights. It's a pretty wine, smooth and fresh and forward. Drink over the next three or four years.
Stone-fruit and melon aromas are a touch gritty and sulfuric. This light-colored racy Chardonnay is citrusy on the palate, with acidic grip and grab. Tangy citrusy buttercup flavors finish sturdy and steady.
A little too sharp and chocolaty for a dry table wine. Shows big, ripe flavors of cocoa, blackberries, cherries and currants, with a sugary finish.
A rich, sweet wine, showing the great improvements to this chateau in recent vintages. It boasts ripe black currants, a firm, solid structure and offers great aging potential. This is now a château to follow.
Very similar to Peju's regular '05 Cab Franc, released a few months earlier, except it tastes much oakier. You'll find the soft structure and cherry, currant and violet flavors, but the toasty oak and caramel are overwhelming.
This full-bodied Shiraz comes out of the chute a bit tarry and reductive, but opens up to show complex aromas of grilled meat, cola and espresso, with flavors of coffee and black olives. Finishes long, with some dusty tannins, but still may not be the longest-lived vintage. Drink now or cellar through 2015.
The very high alcohol clearly shows in the peppery, Porty aroma and hot, prickly mouthfeel. The taste is of blackberry and cherry pie filling, coconut macaroon and rum-and-coke. Having said that, it's good in its own way, and barbecue will help.
The name of the wine refers to the almost-unknown ancient varieties of vines that have been rediscovered by the Plaimont cooperative. The blend shows a perfumed mix of yellow fruit and citrus, with a tight tang of final acidity.
This wine has a light, fresh character to go with the ripe spiced fruits. It's smooth with a tangy lime-zest flavor filled out with yellow fruits. Drink now.
Opens with peppery, earthy black cherry and berry aromas, yet the palate is clacky and narrow, with high acidity and dry, limited flavors of blackberry and black cherry. Narrow as well on the finish. Middle-of-the road and respectable but hardly a head-turner.
Foxy aromas of plum and berry come with a dusting of spice and earthy accents. This feels sticky and a bit heavy, while blueberry and boysenberry flavors carry and herbal streak as well as minty notes and heat on the finish.
A soft and even presentation, this bottling shows lush if slightly sour blackberry jam, dark chocolate, coconut shavings and vanilla on the nose. It's a very safe and down-the-middle Cab on the sip, with dark red fruit, nutmeg and vanilla framed by structural and slightly chewy tannins.
This crisp sparkler opens with aromas of chopped, aromatic herbs and white tree fruit. The racy palate offers yellow apple, pear and a hint of roasted almond alongside bright acidity and a vibrant mousse.
From vines on the north bank of the Loire, this wine is in a soft gentle style. With attractive fruit, it is light in texture with an attractive spring in its step. Ready to drink now.
Quite standard but that doesn't mean it isn't a good wine and doesn't fit a purpose. For regular, everyday Rioja this should not fail. It has nice cherry and plum aromas with a hint of rubber and tobacco. Licorice, plum, raspberry and brown sugar flavors work the balanced, controlled palate, while the finish is natural and unforced. 235,000 cases made.
This leads with wild berry, citrus and herbaceous tomato leaf aromas. It's vibrant and easygoing, with pink grapefruit, sour cherry and dried herb flavors. Zesty acidity gives it a bright, clean finish.
Here's a good, everyday Chardonnay. It has ripe tropical fruit and vanilla flavors, with a creamy mouthfeel and hints of charry oak. It proves that California can produce value wines of quality and interest in huge quantities.
Made with Chardonnay grapes, this is a smooth and creamy Satèn sparkling wine that offers aromas of stone fruit, almond and baked bread. In the mouth, it delivers crispness, structure and persistency.
Stony minerality blends with raisin, leather and leafy berry aromas. This offers cheek-stanching citric acidity but not enough body to absorb it. Flavors of herbal red plum are choppy and turn gritty and fiery on the finish.
This wine has a dry, solid character, with more tannins than fruit at this very young stage. Firm now, it will soften although its structure suggests it will likely continue to be a firm, structured wine for many years. Drink from 2020.
Made entirely from Sangiovese, this elegant Chianti has enticing ripe red berry, violet and baking spice scents. The palate doles out succulent black cherry, leather and clove notes, while firm, savory tannins offer support. Enjoy through 2021.
This drily elegant Zin needs food to perk it up, especially lighter meats, like veal, pork or chicken. It's not full-bodied enough for beef, with flavors of cherries and tobacco that are almost Pinot-esque in their silky texture. Good value for its complexity.
Pear and anise introduce this robust, voluptuous wine that's brimming in high-toned acidity. It becomes more lengthy and complex as it develops in the glass. Touches of baked pineapple provide a tropical edge amid wintertime nutmeg and spiced lemon. This is a beautiful, full-bodied wine that's lush and memorable.
Attractive red fruits and freshness combine to produce a lively, elegant wine with a light structure and complete fruitiness. Drink from 2017.
McCrea's fifth varietal bottling of Mourvèdre is a blend of fruit from opposite ends of the Yakima valley AVA. Velvety and loaded with red fruits, this appealing wine also carries a hint of smoke and non-funky leather.
A typical Maipo red, but untypically it's made from six grapes led by Cabernet Sauvignon. Smells mossy and of tobacco, olive, dried herbs and black fruits. Rich in the mouth except for a streak of acidity, with oaky flavors of vanilla, tobacco, stewed plum and berry. Finishes with coconut and power.
Sourced from the Hop Kiln Vineyard on Westside Road, this crisp, creamy white is seductive and balanced, a refreshing sip of white peach and almond. Aromatic in honeysuckle and orange blossom, it leaves a suggestion of exotic spice on the finish.
This is a pretty, poised wine with aromas of citrus, flowers and apricot, offering a combination of refreshing and voluptuous flavors. A good balance of minerality and fruit adds to the elegance of the wine. Friendly and good with soft cheeses, Asian cuisine.
Bründlmayer's flagship wine is made from old vines grown on the Heiligenstein hill. It is as intense as a great Riesling can be, a pure expression of steel, mineral and bitter orange and pineapple flavors. It has great structure and a ripe, concentrated character. This will age long and well.
Monterey Bay fog cools this vineyard at the appellation's northeastern tip. The acidity shines on this bottling, with refreshing aromas that are both ripe with honeydew melon and stark with grass and nectarine. Lime zest and yellow grapefruit spray power the nearly sour palate, making a perfect pairing for oysters and light cheese plates.
While outwardly this wine is generous and opulent with great juicy sweetness, the core is structured and powerful. The wine is concentrated and complex, with dark tannins and a brooding, dense texture. This is a wine with a long-lived future.
This is a lifted and fresh Chardonnay with vibrant notes of red apple flesh, hard Anjou pear and fresh orange essence. A touch of toast and nectarine pit unfold in the mouth, with a soft suggestion of sweet spice that lingers on the back of the palate through the long finish.
This powerful wine has a superb mix of the crispest fruit and great structure. Blackberries and black currants shine through the tannins, expressing the liveliness of the vintage. It is so well delineated with everything in its place. The wine is certainly going to age for decades. Drink from 2027.
Commemorating the small boats that once plied the Loire river, this wine is fresh with a ripe yellow-fruit character that contrasts with the salty, tangy flavors to give the wine its texture and tight, steely structure. The wine will be best kept for a few months; drink from 2017.
This plump, medium-bodied rosé features aromas of nectarine and citrus, followed up by flavors of stone fruit, perhaps a hint of cherry and a bit of white chocolate. Then it tightens up again on the finish, turning more citrusy again.
Aging in large casks gives this wine structure without adding invasive wood sensations. It's loaded with white flower, mature Bartlett pear, tart green apple, mineral and finesse. The creamy palate is energized by crisp acidity.
From Chiles Valley, this blend of 71% Semillon and 29% Sauvignon Blanc is one of the best wines of its type of the vintage. Cofermented and barrel aged in 15% new French oak, it shows extraordinary richness, and savory flavors of green and yellow tree fruits, green tea, cashew, Asian spices and gingery vanilla. It even has some dusty tannins that make for grip and structure. The finish is absolutely dry.
At about four years of age, Talbott's '04 tastes overripe. It has the aromas and flavors of a botrytized, late-harvest Chardonnay, brimming with apricot jam and pineapples, except that it's bone dry. With the very high acidity, this makes it unbalanced and not entirely enjoyable. This is a bottling that seems to do better in cooler vintages.
Airén is a big-crop white grape that is usually distilled into brandy or made into Sherry. But here we see it as a dry white table wine, and while it is limited in scope, the wine's punch-bowl approach and cleansing lime and kiwi flavors are decent.
Dusty mineral and smoke tones add complexity to fresh lemon and lime aromas on this concentrated, powerful off-dry Riesling. It's lush and silky on the palate, with ripe pineapple and yellow peach flavors. Lime juice acidity jolts the finish.
Sourced from the Boushey Vineyard, this is a tart take on Sauvignon Blanc. Once past the acid rush, you'll find a tightly focused wine, with laser-like precision and a wealth of mineral and lemon flavors.
Known primarily for Zinfandel, this winery's Petite Sirah is robust and full-bodied. It shows the rustic tannins that characterize the variety, with earthy flavors of blackberries and blueberries. Should develop bottle complexity for many years.
Shows young vine jamminess, with fresh, ripe raspberry, cherry and cola flavors. The Williams Selyem balance of acids and tannins of dry elegance is evident, as is the new oak. Complex and supple, this wine needs time in the bottle to show its best. Give it until 2008, and should drink well for years beyond.
A blend of dark fruits, savory nuances and black pepper give this dry, full-bodied wine a unique personality. It tastes and feels big on the palate, finishing with warmth.
Pungent and sweaty smelling, with nettle and other sharp aromas. Surprisingly, the palate is short on acidity so there's a flat feel along with green, salinic flavors that border on vegetal. For proof, there's a clear wave of asparagus to the finish. Not as good as in past years.
This smells a bit green and leathery, with a hint of volatility and jammy blueberry for an offset. A grabby, jammy palate is reasonably good in feel, while stewed berry flavors finish herbal, oaky and mildly bitter.
Although this is not particularly Diamond Mountainesque, there's no denying how pretty it is. Softly tannic and minerally, it offers a peacock's tail of blackberries, black cherries, plum sauce, dark chocolate, anise, black pepper and sweet toasty oak. Drink now with grilled steak.
An awesome wine. So delicious and complex now in wild cherry, raspberry, Dr. Pepper cola, bacon and smoky sandalwood flavors, brightened with crisp acidity and totally dry despite the fruitiness. But you'll also find a firm tannic structure that gives it some astringency. It's the kind of Pinot Noir that California does at its best, drinkable now for sheer beauty, but easily capable of a decade of aging.
An almost sweet plum and prune aroma continues to the flavors of this medium-bodied, warm and generous wine. Blended from Sonoma, Amador and Lodi grapes, it offers moderate tannins and a velvety texture.
Sweet red wines are hard to come by but Lescombes in New Mexico offers up this passable Beaujolais-like example. Scents of cinnamon spice and blueberry flavors in the mouth complete the unique profile.
Aromas of truffle, spiced blackberry, violet and a whiff dark spice come together on this. The chewy medium-bodied palate offers black cherry, plum and clove framed in fine-grained tannins.
This top cuvée from Château Cadillac has great fresh black currant fruits, dark plum skins and sweet tannins. It is also very obviously aged in wood, and this element needs to calm down. Wait another year, or decant now.
Ripe raspberry jam scents gain intrigue thanks to hints of eucalyptus oil, orange rinds and iron on this Jim Clendenen-made wine. The palate is driven by dried herbs, from oregano to thyme, with cooked pork rind meatiness in the middle and a vanilla-flecked finish.
Aromatic blueberry scents this wine on nose and palate. The body is light but vivid with white pepper and crunchy, fresh, vibrant fruit. This is St. Laurent picked at exactly the right point of ripeness: luscious but still bright! A real treat with its long, smooth finish.
Quite a lean wine, austerely tannic. The wood element is prominent and lends an extra dryness to the wine. It is, finally, hard-edged, with the acidity somewhat bitter.
From Rhône producer, M. Chapoutier, this is a new venture. The style is elegant while also powerful and complex. It brings out strong minerality, black currant fruit and tense acidity, resulting in a wine for aging. Drink from 2016.
Made from the grape of the same name, this Freisa from Piedmont offers fragrances of blue flower and berry. The palate delivers ripe raspberry and tart cherry along with a hint of spice. Pair it with savory quiche recipes or grilled chicken.
This is a soft, jellied Cabernet, with sweet blackberry, cherry and caramelized oak flavors. It contains a little Petite Sirah and Syrah.
Made predominantly from Pinot Noir, this is an easygoing, approachable sparkling wine, offering dry creamy layers of green apple, pear and strawberry. It also has a rich inviting mousse embedded with vanilla and marzipan.
Initially shy, this opens up with a few swirls of the glass to reveal underbrush, truffle, pressed rose and a balsamic note. The tense palate is lean and linear, offering tart red cherry, strawberry, clove and mineral while bright acidity and firm noble tannins provide balance. Drink 2017–2022.
Attractive aromas of perfumed berry, baking spice, crushed flower and mint waft from the glass. The tight, austere palate offers raw, red berry, thyme, licorice, ground clove, light mineral and oak-driven spice alongside assertive, mouth-puckering tannins that dominate the finish. Drink after 2018.
Solid and tannic with a stalky character both from young fruit and acidity. There is structure, black currant fruits and dense, dry tannins. The wine needs to age for at least 3–4 years.
A mountain of a mountain-grown Cabernet, this is hearty and generous in cherry-vanilla-laden tannins and a leathery grip on the palate. Herbal notes intermix with anise and soy sauce, a taste of black tea and ripe black, brambly fruit upfront. Give the wine time and air to soften.
An interesting blend of 55% Cabernet Sauvignon and 45% Tinta Barocca, this is a light and fruit-forward wine that's easy pleasing and very drinkable. Notes of red berries and plum unfold throughout, with a touch of smoke on the finish.
Lifted aromas of cherry Jell-O, spicy raspberry and a kiss of anise show brightly on the nose. The palate offers a slight tannic grip, with strawberry and cherry flavors leading to a lightly peppered finish.
A clumsy wine, awkward in acids and tannins, with a sweet and sour raspberry flavor that isn't quite ripe.
Young, closed, dense, but fine. Flavors suggest rum-soaked raisins, cassis, sweet oak and gingerbread. Long, rich, fat, extracted, borders on super-maturity but not quite, maintaining balance and even elegance. Finishes long and fruity. Hold beyond 2008.
Full-bodied and dry, with a rich vein of currants, leather, tobacco and dark chocolate that finishes in a swirl of dry, hard tannins. Shows some bitterness throughout, and probably not an ager.
This wine's truffle, underbrush, dark berry and baking spice aromas take center stage. Still young and primary, it shows unripe red berry, sage, ground clove, truffle and star anise flavors on the palate, structured with bracing tannins and vibrant acidity. Give it time to fully come together. Drink 2021–2028.
This light- to medium-bodied Sauvignon Blanc appears to aim at a minerally style, marrying hints of green (veggies?) with otherwise pleasant citrusy aromas and flavors. Grapefruit and anise make an appearance on the finish. Drink up.
Aromas are of ripe tropical fruit and nuts, and the palate follows suit with pear, melon and oak flavors. Finishes soft and a little sweet, but still a fine quaffer.
This neutral and mineral-driven Greco offers tones of white stone and dried flowers. The wine is lean and crisp with a thin but refreshing consistency. It would make an excellent companion to spicy Indian or Thai foods.
Here's a fresh and fruit-forward selection, brimming with bright aromas and flavors of white peach, clementine, yellow florals and a hint of fresh hay. Balanced and refreshing, the medium acidity provides good lift to the ripe fruit flavors on the palate and keeps the finish light and clean. Drink up.
This light, elegant, precisely crafted wine is a blend of both stainless and barrel-aged juice. Note the low alcohol, and yet how much texture and detail the wine displays. Green berry, apple and pear flavors are highlighted with cinnamon and brioche. This is the style of elegant Chardonnay that Oregon does so well.
Floral aromas of white spring flowers partner hints of pear and stone fruit. The juicy palate offers white peach, apple and green melon alongside a mineral note and fresh acidity.
Marked by crunchy, just-ripe cherry fruit and some slightly herbal shadings, this nonetheless offers solid value. Thyme and bay notes add nuance, as does the silkiness on the finish. Ready to drink.
This wine is soft and creamy, although it does seem to miss out on fruit and freshness. It is smooth and ripe, with an aftertaste that is lightly off dry.
Barolo Il Lauro is a soft, plush wine with chocolate and creamy vanilla overtones from the La Morra area of the Langhe. There's plenty of fruit here as well, mostly wild cherry and forest berry, with tight tannins and a sour note on the close. Drink after 2015.
Floral aromas, berry scents, wet cement and saucy notes drive the nose on this viscous, almost sticky Malbec. Baked berry flavors don't show much follow through on the finish, which offers more minty oak than fruit.
Medium-bodied, with light aromas and flavors of vanilla, cream and stone fruit. Somewhat flabby; good, but not much different from many other Chardonnays at its price point.
Pear and melon aromas get a boost from the barrel, but ultimately the nose on this Chardonnay is simple. In the mouth, things run smooth. Barrel-related flavors of spice, hickory and toast dominate white-fruit notes, while the finish is oaky but balanced in feel.
This is a very approachable and tasty wine, especially for a grape that can be so tannic when young. Aromas of cola, chopped mint and cherries translate to a fruity and minty palate, with just enough tannins, a nice acidic spice and a bit of woodiness on the finish. It's very well measured.
Made with Cabernet and Sangiovese, this pale simple rosato offers subdued aromas of dried red berry, scorched earth and an unusual hint of paraffin that eventually burns off. The aromas carry over to the ripe, informal palate along with a touch of toasted nut. Drink now.
A wine of character. The bouquet takes time to unfold, dealing earthy aromas and desert sage. Flavors of black cherry and cassis are firm and forceful, while the tannins are pronounced. A little clumsy and rugged now; should be better in a year or so.
This is succulent yet delicate, with dried hay and sweet grass flavors. Textural, vivid and racy, it has a Loire-like mix of fruit, flower and herb, with the possibility of improving still further over the next 4–5 years.
A five-grape Bordeaux blend, with somewhat generic fruit flavors that show a mix of leaf and raisin characteristics. It's smooth and supple, drinking at its best right now, with finishing highlights of peppery herb.
The Cabernet Sauvignon comes from Howell Mountain. The Sangiovese is from Sonoma Valley, and the Cab Franc comes from Santa Ynez Valley. The resulting blend is rewarding. Although it's a light-bodied wine, the power of the cherry, raspberry, chocolate, anise, vanilla, clove and pepper flavors is considerable.
Very ripe, to the point of overripe. The blackberries and black currants veer into raisins, and there's a hint of raisinskin tartness that, combined with the strong tannins, adds to the tough mouthfeel. Will probably soften with age, without necessarily gaining complexity.
Ripe yet a bit chunky, probably a reflection of this estate's somewhat inland location. Shows sweet grapefruit and almond flavors, with a touch of pithy bitterness on the finish. This winery is owned by Marqués de Murrieta of Rioja fame.
Begins with a blast of bright cherry fruit, backed by subtle leather and tobacco aromas, before subsiding into a creamy mouthful of cherries and vanila. A slight herbal note adds complexity. Finish is rich and filled with supple tannins.
Distinct crushed lava rock aromas meet with dust, cinnamon, cola and Dr Pepper on this blend of 28% Syrah, 22% Grenache, 17% Cinsault, 17% Mourvèdre and 16% Carignane. Light red fruits of cranberry and slight strawberry show on the palate that dives into serious tannins quickly.
The vineyard is in the Chehalem Mountains AVA, and here it yields an aromatic wine, with inviting suggestions of buttery cherry pie. It also offers blueberries, a touch of light herb and a deliciously smooth mouthfeel.
Clean, neutral aromas of white fruits, hay and vanilla wafer lead to a citrusy, round palate. This fresh Chardonnay offers orange and apple cider flavors in front of a clean finish.
Pretty citrus tones are backed by white peach and soapy floral notes to produce a clean, fresh sparkler that is easy and approachable. The wine is beautifully crisp with smooth citrus flavors that leave a lasting impression.
Sweet pipe tobacco and red cherry open the nose of this plush Syrah from Maremma, Tuscany. Soft, chewy tannins make this inky red wine appropriate to pair with grilled porcini mushrooms or veal in cream sauce.
The light cherry aromas and flavors with herb accents show a slight candied quality. Decent structure, but overall the wine is a bit narrow and closes with sharp, quite tart cherry fruit. It's youthful, for sure, and perhaps will even out with six to nine months in the bottle.
Sardasol has a good track record with rosé, and the 2007 is a clean wine with a light pink luster and brash cherry and raspberry aromas. The wine is incredibly fresh and zesty, with orange and nectarine flavors. Nothing is out of place on this perfectly good and sprightly example of Navarran rosado.
Sea salt and dried honey dust season the cement and chalky minerality on the nose of this always-reliable bottling from the longtime downtown Santa Barbara producer. A nice zestiness of lime peels marks the tip of the palate, followed by a lemon-candy warmth in the midpalate, with the saltiness prevalent throughout.
Chardonnay lovers with a penchant towards rich, buttery wines spiced with cinnamon and vanilla will appreciate this unabashedly oaky yet neatly balanced wine. It's enticingly creamy on the palate, but sunny streaks of Meyer-lemon acidity lend refreshment. Drink now–2018.
Hints of char, smoke and green bramble accent tart black-fruit and vanilla-spice flavors in this Shiraz (with a splash of Petit Verdot and Cabernet Sauvignon). The dense tannins are tacky on the palate, but zesty acidity and fresh flower and herb notes on the finish add elegance.
This blend of 90% Sangiovese, 5% Merlot and 5% Alicante opens with earthy aromas of turned soil, espresso, tobacco leaf and black fruit. The earthy element carries over to the palate together with black cherry, white pepper, licorice and coffee alongside firm but refined tannins.
Black fruits are fully ripe, then encased in massive barrel flavors. The overwhelming influence of oak brings a barrage of tobacco, smoke and charred wood. The tannins have a bitter edge.
Aromas of crushed violet, earth, toasted oak, espresso and wood chips lead the nose. The evolved palate offers prune, dried cherry, roasted coffee bean and ground pepper notes alongside assertive tannins.
Coconut is apparent on the bouquet along with thick blackberry aromas. The palate is big and saturated but also simple and bulky. Flavors of baked blackberry are candied, while the finish is figgy and chubby.
After Verdelho, Loureiro is the other fine Vinho Verde grape. Here it gives crisp lemon acidity that goes with a bright fruitiness and a tight, mineral texture that comes from the granite soil. Drink this fresh wine now.
Blueberry sauce and toasted vanilla notes are mild on the nose, with crushed blackberries and black pepper gracing the palate. Ample body and silk tannins make this Syrah approachable, easy and perfect for backyard barbeques.
An earthy, raisiny opening comes around a bit but never suggests freshness. Similarly, this feels blocky, chunky and tannic. Baked flavors of raisin and plum conclude with sticky tannins and grab.
From one of the top of the new generation of Vouvray estates, this wine is a delicious medley of fruit flavors. With a touch of honey to go with the apple, and citrus to give extra freshness, this is a beautiful wine. It is very drinkable although still so young. Drink now if you can't wait, but it's better to hold on until 2021.
Fun and refreshing, this vivacious sparkler boasts white peach, banana and pineapple flavors alongside invigorating bubbles. Vibrant acidity gives it a crisp finish.
This is made from Garganega and is bright gold in color, with intense aromas of apricot, honey and jasmine. The mouthfeel is smooth, silky and the finish is very long.
Rounded plum and berry aromas grow more complex thanks to hints of sarsparilla bark, rose buds, cinnamon stick and nutmeg on the nose of this cool-climate bottling. The palate is quite peppery, with dried red flowers, red plums, peppercorns, strawberries and a texturally earthy core of fine-grained tannins.
Heavily done and stuffed with oak and tannin. As a whole, this wine is woody and baked to the max. It smells earthy and spicy, then feels tannic, weighty and drying, with barrel flavors controlling the finish until there is no more.
This mature generous wine is perfectly ready to drink. Its red fruits are now balanced by a toasty character as well as ripe acidity and a touch of tannin. This is a very fine wine, balanced and rich. Drink now.
Chunky and spicy on the nose, with mid-level plum and black-cherry flavors. More light than dark, with fleshy fruit that makes an o.k. impression before heading for the exit. Good but unexciting.
Smooth berry and chocolate aromas control the nose on this Cabernet-Syrah blend. On the palate, it's lush and full, with a streak of citrusy acidity. Flavors of plum and berry come with chocolate and vanilla accents. Regular on the finish in terms of length, power and complexity.
Muted, broad orchard fruit and lemon flavors are etched with acids that become more lifted on the finish. An easy-drinking wine to pair with mild white fish, like tilapia.
Initially tight in the nose with lemon blossoms, Japanese pear and an intriguing vinaigrette character, this is an expertly restrained wine from a longtime growing family. It's crisp and clean at first sip, then opens toward apple blossoms, lime, tangerine juice and a sea -salt warmth.
Vegetal and metallic on the nose, this Verdejo fails to improve as it goes along. It's dilute in feel, with celery and grassy flavors. It finishes bitter and flabby.
As befits young Pommard, this is still firm, and leaves plenty of room for development of its smoky black fruit Pinot Noir flavors. But the promise is here, with the intensity of dry tannins and structured fruit ready to power through in three or four years.
A ripe and lush style of Chardonnay that's widely available, this has assertive characteristics of pineapple, mango and sweet citrus that are plentiful throughout the nose and mouth. Medium weight, with a straightforward style and a brisk, clean finish.
A rich wine laden with juicy blackberry fruits and wood tannins, lapping up the ripe vintage. Soft and ready to drink.
The round, forward scents and flavors of buttery popcorn dominate this vineyard designate, and that buttery note carries all the way into and around the finish. Though it spent just nine months in 20% new French oak, the palate and flavors suggest that it went through full malolactic. It's a stylistic choice that will delight many Chardonnay lovers.
Nice spicy fruit in this clean, crisp wine. It has flavors of peach, mango, pineapple and citrus fruits, and an almost Gewurz-like spiciness. A touch of oak brings smoky vanilla.
A fascinating blend of Petit Courbu and Petit Manseng this dry wine delivers honey, spice and ripe fruits. Apricots and freshly sliced pears give the wine a rich, generous feel. It comes from a parcel in the Château Bouscassé estate better known for its Madiran red wine. Drink this beautiful wine now.
Aromas of cola, blackberry, cherry and mild herbs are cool and collected. Feels good, chunky and round, with plum, raspberry and more than enough herbal essence in the backdrop. Finishes herbal, spicy and peppery, which is textbook for this variety.
Aromas of honey, spring flowers, grapefruit and almond skin are intact and beautifully presented thanks to stainless steel fermentation. This is a late harvest wine from 30-year-old vines that earns points for its natural ability to pair with food.
Edèlmio is a sophisticated and toasty blend of Carricante and Chardonnay with fragrant aromas of stone fruit, peach, mineral, almond and freshly chopped pear. The wine is broad and generous in terms of its mouthfeel and would make a perfect companion to swordfish with mint and roasted eggplant.
Still tough in tannins and hard in minerals at the age of more than four years, the question about this Cabernet is if it will age. Judging from the modest blackberry jam flavors, the answer is no. Decant it well and drink now.
A typically heavy, ripe style of rosé, this does have some freshness and citrus acidity but it is put against ripe carmel, spice and a fat texture. Drink now.
Often the best of a stellar Syrah lineup, the 2007 Clifton Hill designate is firm, tight and dense – still showing a youthful shell. Co-fermented with three percent Viognier, the black cherry fruit carries compact layers of graphite, bitter chocolate and dried herb. The concentration and length suggest that this is the most cellarworthy of the Bunnell Family Syrahs.
This 100% varietal wine, which saw 30 months of oak aging, is lightly aromatic with notes of cherry, anise, berry, vanilla and woodspice. It's quite restrained in feel—a very pretty wine—with elegant, sumptuous cherry flavors and a lingering finish.
A lightweight, dusty-smelling Pinot Noir from near Sancerre. The fruit is very soft, with the dryness giving a final firmness to the aftertaste. Flavors of red cherries have a dusty, perfumed character.
Jammy red-berry aromas come with a green streak. The wine is a bit hard in feel, with choppy tannins. Sweet blueberry and graham cracker flavors are offset by saline and green accents, while the finish is chunky and earthy.
A light-colored, delicate wine that is smooth and soft. It has a good balance of red-cherry flavors, with a little bitterness, layered over some gentle tannins. Not for aging, but attractively juicy now.
This is a new wine from the family that runs Baileyana. The Albariño is stunning in its purity. It's built along the lines of a Sauvignon Blanc or Pinot Grigio with the most wonderfully detailed citrus, fig and herbed chêvre flavors. Just a beautiful glass of wine.
Some oxygen exposure seems to peek through on the aromas along with notes of blue fruit and herbs. This wine is lightly flavored with a gritty feel to the tannins and the oak dialed back.
Vigna Rionda is among the finest crus in the Serralunga d'Alba area with 40- to 60-year-old vines and this producer takes a traditional approach to Barolo. It opens with a slightly brownish hue and seems older than the vintage thanks to aromas of old spice, used leather and dried herbs. The mouthfeel is raw, but firm.
There's lots of brisk, mouthwatering acidity in this Chardonnay. It shows clean, pure apricot, orange, tropical fruit and lime flavors, with a touch of honey and buttery oak.
Aromas of pressed acacia flower, nut and smoke lead the nose. The lively, lean palate doles out unripe Bartlett pear, yellow apple skin and a flinty mineral note alongside zesty acidity.
Bright, fruity aromas of cherries and peaches are offset by brisk acidity, which lead to flavors more along the lines of apple and lime. Fresh and clean, with a hint of chalkiness on the finish.
Starts with notes of peach, pineapple and jalapeño oil. Light in body, the flavors just slip away, leaving behind hints of peaches and green peppers. Imported by Negociants USA, Inc.
This is fresh, with good pungency and a mix of passion fruit and bell pepper aromas. A scouring mouthfeel pulls no punches, while grassy, slightly bitter flavors of arugula and lemon-lime finish citrusy and tangy.
Subtle aromas and flavors of crisp apple and cherry, a dry composition, fine texture and crisp finish make this rather reserved and well balanced. This reliable standby is the kind of bubbly to have on hand for spur-of-the-moment occasions.
Smoky cherry and the slightest whiff of bacon make for an appetizing proposition. The palate is lively, peppery and full of juicy black and red cherries. The tannins have some grip and are in tune with the freshness. This is lively, just medium-bodied and invigorating.
Juicy and fresh, this wine opens with gorgeous tropical fruit. The medium-weight palate shows sour candy flavors offset by a slight mineral edge and finishes with just enough acidity to carry off the sweetness.
The vineyard is on benches between Rutherford and St. Helena. The wine is immaculate Cabernet in the modern style, soft and rich in blackberries and cherries that are so ripe, they veer into melted chocolate. This yumminess is complexed with smoky oak, and balanced with just enough dusty tannins to keep it all from collapsing.
This wine has been pretty consistent over the years, a dry, crisp sipper, modest in citrus, lemongrass and spice flavors. It's a good cocktail drink, or for picnics and barbecues.
Bursting red fruit stands opposite sophisticated oak-driven aromas of spice, coffee and tobacco to create a successful aromatic union. You can taste the wood rendering with more precision in the mouth, and the texture is consequently rich and smooth
Full, juicy and ripe wine, showing jammy plum and damson flavors, touched by a short wood aging to smooth out the Malbec tannins. There is some stalky fruit character. Give it another six months.
From the Stoney Vine (estate) vineyard, this has a fair share of the aromatic funk for which the Rocks section of Walla Walla is famous. It's a nose-teasing, mouthwatering mix of composted grass cuttings, soy sauce, bacon and berry, showing a touch of new oak as well.
While crisp and bright on the nose with aromas of red cherries swathed with green herbs, this full-bodied Meritage is quite dense and rich on the palate. Green, tomato-leaf notes linger on the palate as well, accenting lush black cherry and berry flavors. It's softly tannic with a tart cranberry note that lingers on the finish.
Young and fruity, this is a wine without wood aging. The palate is full of bright red fruits, light tannins and an attractive acidity. The wine is ready to drink.
A little watery, but nicely dry and quite tart, which gets those tastebuds watering. Shows flavors of lemons and limes, with a hint of pear.
Cinnamon, spice, leather and forest fruit leads the nose of this balanced, elegant red. Tobacco and spice are wound together with a clean minerality and crisp acid. Versatile and friendly.
The vineyards of Vendômois lie in the Loir valley and north of the Loire proper. That gives them an extra tang of coolness as well as intensity. This crisp, baked-apple and spice-flavored wine is delicious, fruity while also well structured. Drink this perfumed wine now.
Flavors of yellow fruit, peach and apricot are given a light burst of acidity and sent on their way with a mineral texture. This wine is all fruit at first, but with the apple skin edge, it needs a year of bottle age.
Earthy and a bit simple, with modest dried-fruit flavors and hints of candied orange peel. Lacks concentration, making it seem a little warm on the finish, but it's a solid performer in its class.
This was a difficult wine to taste. It was seriously extracted but it did not show a lot of fruit, and showed a slightly sweaty component. On the palate it was heavy and slightly coarse, but redeemed itself with a medium finish where some fruit came through.
One of the year's best red wine values has to be this fully ripe and totally structured Malbec made by Alberto Antonini (winemaker for Altos Las Hormigas) and Hector Durigutti. The color almost gives away its power; and if not, the aromas of marinated meat, plum and blackberry essence will. Saturated, thick and modern, but made right. Perfect with beef.
A deep gold color sends up warning flags, and the flavors bear that out. Has simple apple flavors with a touch of shellac and no depth. Kosher.
Celebrating the founding in 1875 of Antonin Rodet, this ripe, perfumed wine has red fruits that are opulent, gloriously drinkable already. It's ripe, softly textured, layered with delicate acidity.
An 85-15 blend of Merlot and Sangiovese, this oak-aged selection shows bright cherry and blackberry notes, backed by chocolate, leather and mild spice accents. The round, supple mouthfeel would pair well with grilled lamb kebabs.
For those who want some buttered popcorn flavors in their Chardonnay, this nails it. Thick and toasty, yet buttressed with full-on fruit flavors of melon, peach, lemon and lime, it's forward and appealing. Not for cellaring—this one's for gulping.
Aromas of sweet corn and melon are not convincing. This has little in the way of mouthfeel or substance; flavors of candied fruits taste like corn and wheat, while the finish is spineless.
Dark in color and extracted on the nose, with prune, cassis and chocolate aromas, this Carmenère-led blend feels full and plush, not tannic and rough. Blackberry, balsamic notes and spice flavors finish long, ripe and spicy. Drink this meaty wine through 2023.
Early aromas of compost and leather settle on earthy and leathery, with briar and olive. The palate is saturated and tannic, with a pretty fierce bite and flavors of roasted plum, tobacco and leather. More rough and herbal than past vintages; drink now through 2015.
Plump Asian pear and sea salt aromas accompany lighter hints of butterscortch and marshmallow in this barrel blend from William Foley's estate in the heart of the Sta. Rita Hills. There is a textural pull to the palate, while Gala apple, sea salt and marzipan flavors provide richness.
Aromas of milk chocolate, herb, plum and cherry are followed by a palate full of cherry and chocolate flavors that persist on the finish. The tannins bring astringency that provides some distraction.
A California Chardonnay for Montrachet fans, this is the color of Golden Delicious apple, and it fully shows its time spent in barrel. Rich and unctuous, this is a heady wine, with lingering tastes of butterscotch, crème brûlée and vanilla, that is still laced with minerality. It is extremely well made, fitting for special occasions.
Enormous tannins, dominant black fruit and a solid, dense structure. The wine, packed with dark fruits, dry tannins, very firm in character. With its huge tannins as well as fruit, this is a wine that really needs many years of aging.
This is a rich style of rosé with caramel as well as red-fruit flavors. It has enough acidity to carry its ripe character, giving the wine a fresh, crisp aftertaste. Drink now.
Once the sole claim to fame of this estate was that it was the smallest, as well as one of the most obscure, of the classed growths. Now, its fame come from the quality of its wines. Winemaker Claire Villars-Lurton has crafted a wine that is dark and brooding, with big, powerful, intense fruit, dark flavors and solid tannins. Bordeaux in style, but has a great, polished, ripe feel too.
Classic ripe apples and pear fruits with a healthy serving of acidity, this is concentrated with a strong element of minerality. It has fine weight and richness.
This wine has a gritty, broad quality that recalls overripe cherries, plums and dried currant berries. There's also a touch of milk chocolate or fudge and the wine ends on an astringent, bitter note.
96-98 Barrel sample. Ripe, sweet but also intensely juicy, a delicious wine, full of sweetness and rich complexity. The new wood element is there, but just brings out the beauty of the fruit.
Neprica is an awesome blend of Negroamaro, Primitivo and Cabernet Sauvignon from southern Italy that offers an unbeatable price versus quality ratio. This rising star of Puglia would pair with meats, pasta or aged cheese and offers clean aromas of ripe fruit, spice and leather.
Toso's first-ever rosé of Malbec comes in a salmon color, with clean but generic aromas of melon, cotton candy and wet stones. The palate deals sweet peach with some spice, and the mouthfeel is full. Good in a round, drink-me-soon style.
This is a tight wine, packed with acidity and strong citrus flavors. A touch of toastiness gives the wine its core of spice. The wine is refreshing, crisp with a good depth of fruit. Drink now.
A notable success in the precarious territority of New York State Cabernet Franc. Cherry aromas and toasty vanilla notes make for a charming nose while the palate shows surprisingly forward, ripe fruit and plush tannins.
Made from 85% Sangiovese, 10% Malvasia and 5% Alicante, it features aromas of blue flower, ripe black fruit and espresso notes. The palate offers black cherry, black pepper, toasted oak and roasted coffee beans. It ends on a bitter, tannic note that dries out the mouth.
From an ancient vineyard, this full-bodied, slighly dusty-textured Shiraz boasts attractive scents of mixed berries, but also a slightly tarry note. Flavors run in a similar vein, adding in hints of espresso and vanilla, while the finish develops an ever so slightly gritty, bitter note. Hope that mellows with age and stow this away until 2014.
What flavors could be discerned on the closed, mute nose were akin to wet socks, flea powder, curry and tomato. Flavors are spicy, cherry and peppery, though somewhat green. Some called it “exotic;” others said “two percent fruit.” Finish fades fast.
A fantastic Zinfandel, Sbragia's best in years, and one of the best of the vintage. Shows classic Dry Creek wild blueberry and briary blackberry flavors, with exotic spices, and the exuberance you want in a Zin. Yet it exhibits a rare control, making it elegant despite the power. Drink now for sheer joy.
This wine offers classic Napa Valley richness and fruit-forwardness, while also maintaining an underlying elegance of balance. Apple and honey star on the nose and palate, complementing each other, becoming more developed in the glass as they go.
A flavor of black currant drop gives this wine a sweet-tasting, overripe sensation. There is little structure and no great aging potential.
Deep and lush, with aromas of blackberry, cassis and coffee. This is actually a better, more balanced wine than the winery's Gran Misterio because it isn't over the top and overoaked. Flavors of mocha, coffee and mulled berry are on the money, while the chocolaty finish is smooth. Drink now due to low acidity.
This Cab shows intensely pure blueberry fruit alongside cocoa, sandalwood, dried scarlet rosebuds, leather and pencil shavings on the nose. Very savory on the palate with restrained fruit, this offers crushed oregano, marjoram, thyme, black pepper, sea salt, soy and miso flavors. It's pleasantly approachable and enjoyable now.
Streaks of sweet cream and caramel accent delicate peach and apricot tones in this Chardonnay-dominant ice-style wine. Plush and yielding, it may come off a bit confected, but it's appealing nonetheless.
Pellegrini's Cabs always seem to have a rustic edge, meaning the sharp-elbowed tannins, and the green, dried herb flavors that dominate. The wine's structure is great, but it would really benefit from more fruity richness.
Fashionably pale in color, this light, bright and very poised wine is made from old-vine Mourvèdre, Grenache and Cinsault. With its acidity and fresh red currant and raspberry fruits, it is still crisp and could age a few more months, although why wait?
Coming from Louis Lucas and former judge Royce Lewellen's premiere vineyard in the heart of the Santa Ynez Valley, this offers scents of black cherry, leather and cigar box. The heavily structured wine is thick and heavy on the palate, with strong but slick tannins, heavy black spices and extracted plum-blackberry fruits.
Many Oregon wineries made elegant, appealing wines in 2004, but the estate's unusual location does better in warmer years. This Parson's Ridge bottling is full of the dried herb and leaf scents that can dominate Oregon's less-fortunate vineyards, with some relief provided by the cinnamon and cocoa flavors from the barrel aging. But where's the fruit?
Significantly better in 2005. This vintage is vegetal and mildly vinegary, with pickled aromas. The palate shows decent body, but the flavors are all bramble, pickle and sharp berry. Finishes stemmy and sharp.
Dried apricot, citrus and brown sugar aromas provide allure. The flavors are sweet but never over the top, showing good balance except for the alcohol, which pokes through on the finish.
Mourvèdre is the dominant grape (60%) with Grenache making up the rest. It's a riot of flavors, Bing cherry, green olive, some stem and herb, with the minerality of the Mourvèdre underscoring the finish. Very well done and quite tasty.
A successful exploration of how Chardonnay can be both sharp with green fruit yet full in body, this bottling offers just-cut kiwi, crisp Asian and Anjou pear, lemon wedges and underripe mandarin on the chalky nose. A strong simmering acidity and intriguing texturality present flavors of lemongrass and green-apple flesh, with tangy lime pith in the background. Drink now while fresh.
Squeaky fresh and full of grapefruit, peach and nectarine flavors, this semi-dry Riesling is an irresistible quaffer. Straightforward, juicy and refreshing, it's a delightful wine for youthful consumption.
Smooth, creamy and round, this offers mango, peach and fresher grapefruit flavors, well integrated into its full-bodied texture. With its delicious rich feel, it has weight as well as final acidity.
Here's a fun and extremely floral Sauvignon Blanc from Tuscany with a lean, compact feel in the mouth and lingering tones of citrus, stone fruit and grapefruit. It's a crisp and tonic white wine that would serve well at outdoor parties or during cocktail hour.
A lush, dramatic Zin that's fully ripe yet avoids any hint of raisins or excessive sugar. The mouth filling flavors of sweet cherry tart, creme de cassis, vanilla and peppery spices are wrapped in smooth tannins, with a bite of acidity. Super high in alcohol, though.
The aromas are quite smoky, with notes of burnt toast along with herb and vanilla—not a particularly appealing combination. The flavors seem light in concentration. It doesn't all come together.
Stewed fruit, Play-Doh and herb-meets-kelp notes lead into an equally bizarre blend of vegetal, rhubarb and soy flavors. Mouthfeel is tart, as is the finish.
This has vegetal aromas reminiscent of minestrone soup and chopped celery that carry over to its muddled, fizzy palate.
No doubt informed by winemaker Daryl Groom's California experience, this is a fine example of Australian Zinfandel, marrying briary berry fruit with subtle herbal notes and hints of vanilla, cinnamon and clove. The tannins are soft, yet the wine remains fresh on the finish. Drink now–2013.
A raw, rough, oaky flavor overwhelms the light and simple red fruit. Disjointed, with a bitter streak in the finish.
This is a substantial wine, concentrated in dark red berry color and flavor, from cherry to wild strawberry to more savory rhubarb compote. Muted on the nose, it has an underlying woody, herbal character that balances the vibrancy of the fruit.
This Pinot shares much in common with Foley's Barrel Select. It's ripe in cherries one minute, then stalky green hits. Silky, dry and firm, but the green fruit reprises on the finish, and turns bitter.
Hailing from Tudor Hills Vineyard, the aromas offer notes of padded butter, toast and spice. On the palate, the oak (70% new French) plays prominently, juxtaposed by full-bodied stone-fruit flavors that show some warmth.
A new brand produced by the Sparr family, Baumann's fruit comes from Riquewihr. This easy Pinot Gris is soft and medium sweet, with attractive hints of spice and minerality. It's a ripe wine, finished with acidity. Drink now.
From vineyards in the Douro Superior, the high Douro close to Spain, this powerful wine reflects the dry climate with its dense tannins and concentration. A juicy element brings fresh black plums and acidity to the mix. The wine is an impressive work in progress. Drink from 2017.
Berry and rubber band are the lead aromas. The wine has texture and lasting freshness despite being more than a year old already. It's medium in size and body, with red fruit and apple skin flavors. Solid, fruity and just lively enough.
This kosher Cab is rubbery and leathery, with medicinal berry fruit aromas. The palate is plump but wayward, with herbal, roasted berry flavors and leafy, peppery accents. Hollow and bland on the finish, but still decent for the price.
This expression of Vin Santo—the only way to complete a long dinner in Tuscany—shows lovely aromas of sweet apricot, pressed flower, pine nut and candied fruit.
Ripe black raspberry and cherry mark this lovely Pinot that is rich and concentrated. The oak is prominent, with a touch of meaty gaminess on the full palate. Balanced, the wine's acidity remains remarkably bright.
Crisp and dry, this is a delicious and fruity Champagne. Red fruits go with citrus and bright acidity to create a textured wine that is full both of fruit and minerality. It is a great apéritif style.
Whiffs of lime and lemon zest, lanolin and herbs entice on the nose. Off dry in style, this is chock-full of sweet-tart melon and citrus flavors glazed in a slick of honey, which lingers on the finish
Melon and citrus aromas are a touch mealy and strained, while the palate is sweet and undefined, with mango and papaya notes. Grabby in terms of mouthfeel, with a slight sticky/sweet finish. A decent wine, but one with some gaps and question marks.
Tart blackberry and vanilla flavors mark this bold Shiraz that shows its 14.5% alcohol. There's a rubbery note on the nose that's a bit distracting but should be taken care of by a quick decanting, while black olive and coffee notes emerge on the slightly warm finish.
The days of the 90-point Best Buy are growing short, so rejoice over this excellent blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Carmenère and Petit Verdot. The nose hits with solid mint, coconut, blackberry and fudge aromas, while the palate is ripe, snappy, alert and full of tasty blackberry, cherry and chocolate. It's clean as can be, with immaculate freshness given its price point. Drink up. Only 500 cases made.
This is one of the most beautiful Sauvignons made in Italy. The cool mountainous climate of the Dolomites has shaped a fragrant and elegant wine with tons of exotic fruit, white pepper, dried sage and tangerine. There's a touch of roundness in the mouth that gives it extra staying power.
An attractive element here is the distinct mineral tone that adds a vein of dryness to what is otherwise a sweet sparkler ripe with peach and apricot-like aromas. It has frothy texture and cleansing crispness on the close.
This is the winery's first commercial release of this varietal, all aged in neutral French oak. It offers nuanced aromas of spice, tobacco, vanilla and savory notes that are followed by plentiful, palate-coating red and blue-fruit flavors that extend out through a long, fruit and spice-filled finish. Firm tannins provide the structure. It needs time still but possesses a delicious factor that is impossible to ignore.
Dry, smoky and rubbery on the nose, with olive notes. The palate is a bit sharp, with plum, berry and herbal flavors. Finishes mildly leafy, with solid overall fruit and common Chilean herbal-green notes.
The soft and enduring texture of this wine is what sets it apart. Sweet and plush, you'll get flavors of peppercorn, spice, black fruit, prune and liquid smoke. This is a bold a modern interpretation of Ripasso with long staying power. —M.L.
Rustic on the nose, with scents of dried herbs and grass that mingle with pretty rose and tea-leaf notes, this wine is an unusual blend of Turkish Öküzgözü and Boazkere grapes with Syrah and Petit Verdot. Full bodied and soft on the palate, with ripe, red-fruit and mocha-chocolate flavor, it finishes with a coating of furry tannins.
Hints of woodruff and green pear play on the nose and lead to a fresh, crisp, slender palate. This is an easy-drinking, soft but fresh summer wine.
Solid and structured, this is a rich, darkly tannic wine. It's not all structure, with the ripe black plum and berry fruits giving weight to the palate and smoothing the structure. The end is spicy, tannic, dense and worth aging. Drink from 2015.
A toasty wine, its ripe fruit enveloped by a buttery character. The loss of fresh fruit is compensated for by the soft texture and full-in-the-mouth feel.
This smooth and creamy wine is spicy with wood aging and rich with yellow fruits. It presents a generous character, rounded and open. The wine is ready to drink.
Aromas of wood shop, espresso, toast, clove and a hint of dried black cherry all carry over to the palate. Bracing, astringent tannins give it an abrupt, drying finish.
Only 400 cases of this top-level crianza were made, and it smells rich and good, with notes of ripe berry and plum and a mild syrupy note. Although it feels big, it's also fresh and layered, with pure berry, herb, spice and oak flavors. Toasty, smooth and elegant as a whole. Drink now–2015.
The fruit is superripe and there is generous weight and power. But with its supercharged acidity, the wine also has great balance and freshness, giving no hint of the alcohol, leaving crispness as an antidote to the impressive richness.
If this isn't the best $50 Merlot in the world, I don't know what is. Dark, thick and jammy, with dense layers of fruit, spice and oak. Scents of sandalwood, coffee, mint, pepper and more, much more. In the mouth it offers a seamless, achingly rich mix of fruits, woods and spices. Big, rich, long and deep, it's nonetheless best enjoyed right now, not cellared.
The strong toasted-oak aromas ride heavy over melon and pear fruit, but this wine manages to keep it together, turning almost elegant on the finish, where the oak is reflected in a long menthol echo.
Firm in acids, with some tannins, yet not at all hard. This is a magnificent, masculine Pinot Noir. It floods the palate with cherry pie, cola and mocha flavors, Asian spices and a sweet, smoky, buttery phyllo pastry quality. So technically perfect, with such structure, it seems guaranteed for the cellar. Drink now through 2010, but who knows how long it will last.
A rich, oaky, fruity Chardonnay with lots of tropical fruit flavors. Pretty standard, but the price is pretty good for this style.
Bright cherry and herb aromas don't prepare you for the palate's darker characteristics. Chocolate sweetness is a major player here—think cordial candy. Straightforward and a little candied, but good.
Fresh red fruits are smoothed out with caramel and spice flavors that give a ripe feel to this wine. It's light and ready to drink.
This savory, easy-drinking red opens with earthy aromas of tilled soil, forest floor, menthol, leather and raspberry. The medium-bodied palate doles out succulent wild cherry, baking spice and chopped mint framed in silky tannins and bright acidity. While it has structure, it's made for sheer drinking pleasure. Enjoy through 2019.
Opens with an attractively earthy, fruity aroma, but then turns harsh, soft and sweet in the mouth, with candied cherry-berry flavors. Syrah, Zinfandel and Mourvèdre.
Made in the Mazzocco style, this Zin is enormously high in alcohol, namely 16.1%, and is fully dry. Shows a Porty headiness, with berry flavors that veer into chocolate-covered raisins and prunes.
On the palate, black plum and cranberry fruit is couched in a smooth, clay-chalk feel. It's not sweet, overly oaky, nor is it extraordinarily nuanced or ageable. What it is is a very good wine, appropriately sized for drinking with food over the near term.
There is much concentration and freshness here, along with much power and intense minerality. The wine is very rich with butter, ripe fruit and layers of considerable acidity. Wait 6 years at least.
Fairly pungent and lively for an '09, with citric, grapefruit aromas. The palate is still fairly vivid and driving, and the flavors of lemon-lime and green apple are true if a touch pithy. Just zesty enough on the finish, but it's starting to fade. Drink now.
This wine has tight fruit, crisp cherry flavors and acidity. The structure comes from the fruit skins rather than tannins. It is ready to drink.
Aromas of underbrush, leather, dried plum, a whiff of French oak and a balsamic note lead the nose. The firm palate offers dried cherry, cranberry, licorice and espresso set against close-grained that leave a firm, rather drying finish.
Quite dark in the glass, this blend of 78% Cabernet Sauvignon, 12% Cabernet Franc, 6% Petit Verdot and 4% Merlot starts with snappy boysenberry aromas and grows more savory with dust and dried pine needle notes. The palate's acidity is expertly integrated, carrying charred blueberry, minty dill and cocoa flavors.
Dried herb and wood spice aromas are followed by sappy black fruit flavors backed by a light squeeze of tannins. There's no mistaking the warm vintage it comes from.
Vanilla, baked cherry and coconut aromas lead the nose. Bright and tense, the palate offers Marasca cherry, raspberry, vanilla and clove flavors, bolstered by firm acidity and youthfully austere tannins that leave a grippy finish. It needs to unwind and soften.
Lovely tart cranberry and just-ripe blueberry appear on the nose. The palate presents similarly appetizing crunchy red fruit that's pure and unpretentiously delicious, spiced with cinnamon and white pepper and brimming with freshness and verve. Don't let the light body deceive you; this has depth and will develop. Drink now–2025.
Fresh, bright and subtly floral in flavor, this dry and medium-bodied wine combines richness with good acidity for beautiful balance and a refreshing personality. It's not too fruity, not too thin, but just right.
This is a medium-bodied, slightly plump Sauvignon Blanc that hits the right herbal notes of snow pea and tomato leaf, then blends those with grapefruit and hints of stone fruit.
A unique nose: it has cola-like fizz, followed by sea breeze, polished stone and rubber-like aromas. Those dry, mineral-driven flavors make this the kind of Prosecco you could easily drink with a meal. Imported by Wine Wave.
Aromas of toast, wild berry and cake spice come together in the glass. The firm, structured palate delivers dried red cherry, crushed raspberry, white pepper and grilled herb. It's still young and tannic so let this unwind and fully develop. Drink 2018–2030.
Leafy, roasted and herbal up front, with modest ripe-fruit aromas sitting below. The palate smacks down hard with tannin and acidity, while the flavors are leafy, herbal and suggest raspberry and cherry. Prieto Picudo is a unique grape with a natural rubbery bite, but give Peregrino credit for presenting it well.
Milk chocolate and dark plum combine to nice effect in this majority-Merlot, blended with almost 25% Cabernet Sauvignon. Dry, savory and spicy in cinnamon and clove, the wine is substantially dense and thick on the palate.
A beautiful Pinot Noir. It's so light bodied, so silky in the mouth, that the richness comes as a surprise. Endless waves of raspberry and cherry purée, gingersnap cookie, buttered cinnamon toast, vanilla and sandalwood. Just a delight to drink, and should develop slowly over the next 6–8 years.
An aromatic wine with abundant notes of ripe white peach, apricot, mineral and flowers. It drinks off dry (10.7 g/L residual sugar) with a pleasing sense of tension between the acid and stone fruit flavors leading to a long, persistent finish.
Tropical fruit aromas, lime and minerality create an appealing bouquet. This feels tangy but a touch hollow, with modest body weight and flavors of green apple, orange and lemon-lime. A chiseled, racy finish makes this the perfect pairing for Asian foods and sushi.
Good acidity in this Chardonnay provides a brisk balance to the ripe pineapple, passion fruit, pear and spice flavors. Made in the modern style, it has a minerality that lifts it and provides interest.
This may be a Syrah that gains balance with some bottle age, but right now, it's a little obvious and overwhelming in extracted blackberry and cassis fruit. But it's rich in tannins, and will appeal to those who like a big, New World style red wine.
Immediately you'll note that this is light and airy, with floral aromas and touches of cinnamon dust and leather. The blend is 70% Morenillo, an obscure Catalan variety, and Garnacha. The palate is fresh and lithe, while bright raspberry, herb and spice flavors finish in whole, integrated fashion. Drink through 2018.
Yellow wildflower, white stone fruit and crushed rock aromas lead the nose while the lively palate offers mineral, almond and yellow apple. It's vibrant, with bright acidity.
As befits a reserve wine, this blend was aged in wood for six months. That has given a ripe lightly toasty character to the wine along with its cool crispness that reveals its origin in the mountainous northern Alentejo. The wine is fruity with lemon and melon over the wood. Drink now.
Grown in the southern section of the valley in the foothills of the Blue Mountains, this rare varietal bottling from this appellation shows aromas of cranberry, raspberry and citrus, along with some hints of oxidation. It's tart and full in feel, not seeming entirely varietally correct.
Another one of Jed Steele's many single-vineyard offerings this wine from Santa Barbara is big and perfumey. Pineapple, banana and caramel flavors are cloaked in sweetness that may be a bit heavy for some.
Leathery at its core, this small-production wine is subdued and relatively restrained, showing bold, juicy layers of strawberry and cranberry. It offers enviable structure and ability to age. It will drink best 2023–2028.
The Beckett brothers' 50-50 blend of Tempranillo and Zinfandel is one of their top wines, and it lives up to its reputation, with plump black cherry, baked plum and campfire aromas. The palate is softly layered with chalky tannins that carry waves of berry-powered acidity as well as savory notes of teriyaki, chocolate ganache and minty freshness on the finish.
90–92. Barrel sample. This is a ripe and spicy wine that showcases flavors of new wood and rich, sweet black fruits. The wine is attractive and fruity, but with enough structure to promise some good aging.
A voluptuous white wine with a bite of acidity to keep it buoyant and vibrant on the palate, this sings in lemon zest, orange blossom and ripe yellow apple. Lushly layered, it threads a needle of stony, salty complexity, finishing with full-flavored flair.
Fruity and fragrant, this wine shows just a touch of toast suggesting it is approaching maturity. Crisp on the palate with a light twist of lemon, it boasts tight acidity and a mineral character. It's an solidly structured wine, with a fruitiness that lingers on the finish.
Few winemakers in Santa Barbara County understand better than Bill Wathan how to let the terroir of individual vineyards shine, while still providing consumers with a delicious drinking experience. This bottling shows the juicy, ripe flavors one expects from Dijon clones, with flashy notes of raspberries, cherries and currants. It's balanced in crisp acidity, and there's a tangy, dry minerality. Drink now–2016.
Flinty and austere, this is an elegant white wine crafted from 100% Musque clone, dancing in pear and grapefruit. The layered texture impressively stands out, riding the wave between creamy and lemony crisp with precision, opening the door for the wine to finish refreshingly.
This light take on the variety shares a focused fruitiness of strawberry and raspberry flavor amid a core of earthy cola, bark and black licorice. Thick on the palate, it finishes with a swirl of brightness and lasting acidity.
Cherry, plum and raspberry aromas cover the red end of the aromatic spectrum. A wide, tannic, grabby body and earthy flavors of raspberry and baked plum finish bold and choppy, with freshening acidity.
Always a knockout Brunello, Uccelliera's 2006 Riserva seems on the ripe side, with jammy fruit aromas and savory beef jerky notes at the back. The firmness and natural acidity associated with Sangiovese is present, but the aromas show hints of candied fruit and spicy plum cake.
This is 100% Viognier, offering focus and precision. Peach and apricot, tangerine and tropical fruits are on display, and the finish winds down gently, with none of the heat or bitterness that can affect some Viogniers.
Cabernet Sauvignon makes up 73% of this wine, along with 20% Merlot, 5% Malbec and 2% Cabernet Franc. Tightly wound aromas of wood spice, vanilla, black fruit, plum and coffee bean give way to full-bodied, palate-coating and concentrated cherry and espresso flavors that linger on the finish. The barrel influence is heavy, but it works.
This 100% varietal wine is a blend of fruit from Ciel du Cheval and Obelisco vineyards. Aromatically expressive, it boasts directly appealing notes of black plum, cassis, violets and dark spice, with the fruit very primary. The black-fruit flavors coat the palate from end to end and bring a compelling mouthfeel. The tannins are there but are beautifully integrated. It will be best from 2022–2030.
Lemon curd and citrus blossom ride over underripe melon and apple on the nose. The creamy and full palate is a result of extended lees contact, while flavors of honeydew and lemon lead to a sea-spray finish. A perfect pairing for the Eastern Shore's local fare of raw oysters.
Spy Valley is turning out consistently good wines across the range, and the 2008 Pinot Noir is a notable achievement in the context of the vintage. It's plump and silky in the mouth, with bright cherry fruit accented by subtle vanilla and spice. Drink it over the next couple of years.
Simple and sharp, this tastes like a chocolate-covered cherry candy, though it finishes dry.
Barrel-fermented and aged, it opens with aromas of toasted oak and white tree fruit. The palate offers subtle oak, Bartlett pear and yellow apple with a hint of lemon zest.
Wild berries, white cherry and even a touch of green olive or caper come to the forefront of this delicately colored rosé from Sicily. The wine loses momentum in the mouth, however, because of its bitter, slightly astringent feel.
Brilliant acidity and a firm minerality give this wine structural integrity despite massively ripe tropical fruit and honey flavors. It has a lush, rich opulence to pair with buttery lobster, shrimp, scallop and similarly rich dishes.
The bouquet is fairly tight, with aromas of coffee, crushed minerals, crude oil and fine herbs. The palate runs snappier than most high-end Malbecs, but it also delivers on the promise of ripeness and black-fruit flavors. Finishes in healthy fashion, with some slickness and speed. Very nice and likely even better with food. 1,000 cases made. Imported by Slocum & Sons.
Darkly colored and densely concentrated this opens with aromas of dried plum, espresso and exotic spice. The evolved palate offers raisin, fig, licorice and ground pepper alongside fine-grained tannins. It's showing the heat of the vintage so drink soon before the fruit dries up completely.
A bit of burnt character clouds the grapy nose, but it's not a heavy, overoaked wine. In fact, the palate is a touch tangy, with zesty black cherry and a decent amount of protruding acidity. Rigid but solid, with full fruit flavors. Imported by Epic Wines.
The slightly oxidized nose on this wine, which is sourced from the K Block at Bien Nacido Vineyard and Jim Clendenen's own Le Bon Climat Vineyard, shows seared marshmallow, hot Marcona almonds and honey, with a noticeable alkalinity. The browned-butter palate is cut by a lemon peel zing that evolves into truffle salt and roasted nuts. All elements linger deep into the finish.
Full-bodied and a bit heavy to make a delicate quaff, but pair this wine with the right summer foods (a juicy hamberger comes to mind) and it will work. Some tarry, meaty notes obscure what appears to be delicate cherry fruit that ends with a peppery tang.
This is a soft, richly fruity Zinfandel. It's jammy in raspberries and cherries, with superripe raisin and prune flavors. The alcohol is very high.
It's pretty pale for Merlot and light in aroma, too, with a trace of black cherry or blackberry and oak. The flavors are similarly light and modest. It's very dry and clean and well-made. At this price, it's a good value in Merlot. Best Buy.
Planeta consistently delivers tasty whites and La Segreta (a Grecanico-Chardonnay-Viognier-Fiano blend) is no exception. The nose is layered with banana, pineapple, stone fruit and a good dose of nuttiness; it's lean in the mouth with a sprinkling of spice on the close. Imported by Vias Imports.
Always a standout, this is the only one of the Cayuse Syrahs that is cofermented with Viognier. This explodes with flavors of blueberries, soy, earth, black tea, iodine, anise and salt, plus a hint of sassafras. Notes of herb and cured meat add further interest to this unique, captivating effort.
A blend of 85% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Merlot and 5% Petit Verdot, this opens with aromas of mature blackberries, blueberries, cedar, aromatic dried herbs and black pepper. On the smooth palate, notes of exotic spice, licorice, menthol and espresso accent the core of dried black cherry. It's well balanced, with velvety tannins and surprising freshness for what was a torrid vintage.
This wine is rubbery and gaseous on the bouquet, with compost, creamy oak and milk chocolate scents. The feel is full but jumbled with jammy black fruit flavors.
Well-defined, crisp and lightly peppery, this estate-grown Pinot Gris carries no hint of oak aging. Tart apple and pear fruit have just the right bite to sail into a sharp and satisfying finish.
This interesting selection offers something different—after being harvested by hand, the grapes were frozen for three days and then heated on an open olive-wood fire before fermenting. The resulting wine is full-bodied yet soft all at once, with dusty tannins that frame the dried berry, plum and black cherry fruit. Accents of crushed cocoa nib and balsamic grace the medium-length finish.
Acidity marks this dry wine, a low-cropped block selection from the estate vineyard. The fruit is remarkably concentrated, showing flashy, intense cherries and plenty of smoky oak. But that acidity definitely kicks. Hard to tell if the wine is ageable, but it does need a rich, fatty steak.
Semi-sweet and simple, but clean. That about sums up this cherry and raspberry jam-flavored wine. It's fine with burgers, and you can put a chill on it if you want to.
This is a blend of Cab Sauvignon, Malbec and Merlot that's agile, fresh and offers good mouthfeel. The nose deals crushed brick, leather, spice and light red fruit, while the flavors run toward red cherry and red currants. Uncomplicated; drink now. Imported by Quintessential Wines, LLC.
From the family estate of Bordeaux wine gurus Denis and Florence Dubourdieu, this is a crisp, refreshing Sauvignon Blanc/Sémillon blend that appeals immediately. Bright acidity, freshly squeezed lemon and a herbal, green edge all make for a wine that is drinkable now as an apéritif as well as with food.
The entry wine of Château Lagrezette lives up to its name in the color. With its soft tannins, touch of smokiness and blackberry-juice fruit flavors, it's a fine showpiece for the more open side of Malbec.
The wine is round and full in the mouth. The acidity gives a fresh character to the ripe caramel flavors that shine through the light texture. It is a wine that needs food, with its lively acidity giving a dry, mineral aftertaste.
Dark and dense in chocolate and coconut macaroon, this soft, approachable wine is made to serve as the winery's flagship offering. Layered in dark, ripe plum and cherry, as well as flecks of sweet tobacco, it reflects the region well, offering subtle power and finesse.
Drinking very nicely, this wine bursts from the glass with rich aromas of cherry, chocolate, truffle and loam. The fruit factor is ramped up, delicious and coats the palate with bright cherry candy flavors. But this is more than a fruit bomb; the acidity and ripe tannins balance it out as it runs into a clean, lengthy finish.
Cuvée V, MAN's homage to the wines of Vouvray, is an attractive and semisweet-style Chenin Blanc that offers rich aromas of peach, lightly baked apple and tropical fruit. A slight prickle from the bright acidity dances on the palate and keeps the wine from feeling too sweet or heavy. Drink now.
Full-flavoured, almost heady notes of tart strawberry, crunchy red cherry and fresh lemon pervade nose and palate perfectly. This is a real mouthful of flavor, yet light and zippy. A very satisfying, grown-up rosé for countless summer days, lunches, picnics and parties. A real and delicious allrounder.
There's a slight lactic touch to this Riserva that comes off as chocolate yogurt or coffee creamer. The wine is bright but also slightly bitter on the close.
For a Volnay, this is a very structured wine. It has huge richness laced with firm tannins and dark fruits. It is the firmness that dominates, suggesting some extra extraction, although the acidity does push right through to the finish.
Clean, minerally and smooth, with nothing more than crispness and apple to the nose. The palate is easygoing, while the flavors of peach, pear and apple are boosted by minerality and good acidity. A highly likable, drinkable wine that shows that Galician quality extends beyond Albariño and Rías Baixas. Made from 70% Godello with Treixadura and Albariño. Drink now.
This is a structured, balanced white with aromas of gooseberry, flint and spice on the nose, and flavors of fresh citrus and fruit on the palate. Clean and crisp but offering complexity, this wine marries rich fruit and cracking acid very successfully. Pair with spicy Indian cuisine, grilled seafood.
Light aromas of raspberry, coriander, vanilla and barrel spice are followed by ripe rich red-fruit flavors that glide on the finish. A pillowy mouthfeel only heightens the interest.
The closed nose gives away very little, just the barest whiffs of yellow flowers. The one-dimensional palate offers fleeting sensations of tart apple and hints of green melon and lemon zest.
Dark in color for a rosé, a weird orange, root beer color, and heavy in the mouth, with sugary sweet, jammy raspberry and apricot flavors.
The winery's top-end Bordeaux red, this blends 42% Cabernet Sauvignon, 24% Cabernet Franc, 19% Petit Verdot and 15% Malbec. The fruit is sourced from the family's estate vineyard on the eastern slopes of the Napa Valley, then aged 20 months in French oak, 90% of it new. Black in color, it tastes of cedar and smoke, with soft layers of subtle plum and cassis before a grippy finish. Enjoy through 2021.
Rounded and smooth wine, with rich apricot and nectarine flavors as well as tight acidity. It is structured, pear and apple skins giving shape to a wine that is good to drink now and will also age.
Floral fragrances from the Gewürztraminer come with honey and leesy aromas. The mouthfeel is creamy and oily, and next up is a melony flavor profile and a smooth finish. Mild on the acidity, so it's in top form now. An exotic, intriguing blend of Gewürz and Macabeo with character; 1,100 cases made.
High spice and toast flavors dominate this wine. The wood use is masking the fruit, probably too enthusiastically. It should soften, although not enough.
One of the best Barolos of the year, Coste di Rose is a natural beauty with gorgeous, thick extraction and perfectly balanced aromas of blueberries, violets, almond paste, sweet spice and root beer. The wine shows impressive heft and density, yet it is elegant and polished at the same time with finely textured tannins. Cellar this delightful wine ten years or more.
This 100% Merlot is firm, dry and structured. Although the fruit is there, it has been submerged by tannins. Give it a few months for the ripe berry flavors to come through. Drink from 2016.
Aromas of cassis, spicy black plum and juicy blackberry follow through to the palate, balanced by ripe, round tannins. A licorice note signals the finish.
Pressed acacia flower, moist earth and aromatic herb scents mingle with fresh orchard fruit ntoes. The vibrant, ethereal palate is spare and subtle, offering yellow apple, tangy citrus and toasted nut nuances, with racy acidity.
While lithe and dainty in structure, this little Riesling packs a big punch of floral and honeyed fruit flavor. It's rich and complex with notes of smoke, caramelized sugar, and layers of crushed rocks that linger on the long, orange-scented finish.
It took a few minutes to wake the Principessa up; but when she did, there were plenty of bright summer fruit aromas, which seemed to come rushing out as if to make up for lost time. It settled into a pleasant, rich, if not very precise wine with a short to medium finish that will work well with food.
Strong blueberry and black-cherry aromas mesh with cedar spice and tobacco ash on this rather elegant nose. A balsamic blueberry reduction flavor shows on the palate, where fine-grained tannins also present smashed vanilla flavors.
Intensely honeyed, this silky wine abounds with sweet tropical fruit and citrus tinged with savory hints of saffron and tea. The palate is rich and sweet with bright orange and tangerine flavors cut with searing acidity and a slightly astringent finish.
Definitely more neutral than other Pinot Biancos from the same vintage, this wine delivers measured aromas of apple, pear, peach and natural rubber that is consistent with the variety's traditional characteristics. It's an approachable, everyday wine.
The U.S. doesn't really need more “cute” Shiraz labels, but at least the wine in this bottle is pretty good. A bit of shoe polish gives the nose a lifted character, which serves to accentuate the wine's woodsmoke and black olive aromas. The crisply structured palate offers a slight bitter coffee-herbal element, but also plenty of ripe blackberry fruit and a persistent, slightly dusty finish.
Oaky, inky aromas of blackberry and vanilla are pushy and potent. This blend of 50% Tempranillo and 50% Syrah is rubbery and pinched on the palate, while toasty, rooty flavors of black fruits blend with herbal berry and coffee notes. A narrow finish is herbal in flavor and weighty. Drink through 2020.
The aromas are generous, with notes of peach, pear and barrel spice. The palate brings a sense of restraint, pulling up on the finish.
Herbal plum aromas are oaky and lactic on the nose. This Pinot is juicy on the palate, with cool-climate acidity. The flavor profile includes distant red fruit notes and a heavy topping of oak resin on the finish.
Big and blocky up front, this tough Malbec smells like pencil lead, dusty berry fruits and herbs. The palate, typical of most Rutini wines, is grabby and clampy, with piercing acidity and rock-hard tannins. Flavors of minty oak shadow berry fruit, while char and mint flavors steer the finish.
With the creamy, yeasty notes of lees stirring and fine, smoky oak nuances, this soft, buttery Chardonnay is rich in lemon, lime and white peach flavors. It's an upscale sipper that will develop bottle nuances over the next six years.
Ripe aromas of melon are flabby. This is both chunky yet citrusy in feel, while flavors of orange and lemon are basic. The finish is soft but shows just enough citric acidity to keep things going.
This has intense aromas of spearmint and eucalyptus. The palate is lean, with licorice and mineral but not enough fruit.
This is a toasty, tasty, forward and easy-drinking Pinot Noir. Flavors of black cherry soda, cola and light toast are front and center, and the finish comes on clean and refreshing.
This is a mellifluous blend of the three Champagne grapes with a dominance of ripe Pinot Noir. A crisp, dry edge brings out the acidity and a mineral texture. The wine is ready to drink.
This wine has a bright, lively texture and tasty, ripe fruit flavors that don't overdo it. A sense of crispness and tanginess will make it versatile for food pairing.
Tastes like the winemaker struggled to produce a good wine from this challenging vintage. You'll find thin, sweet cherry jam and red currant flavors alongside green minty ones, in this tart, dry Zinfandel.
It's softly tannic and fairly sweet in raspberry and cherry jam flavors. This will be a lovely wine with steak.
A rounded wine with an attractive touch of toast and delicious acidity. Ripe and creamy, it's full of peach fruits as well as having a citrus streak. A more nervy edge twill soften as it ages. Drink from 2016.
The invigorating freshness of Villa Wolf's Gewürztraminer is an unusual change from often duller, flabbier versions. While not deeply complex or concentrated it's floral exuberance and crisp peach and pear flavors are refreshing and quaffable. Drink now through 2018.
With aromas of talcum powder, gardenia and lychee, this offers classic Torrontés aromas. The palate is wet, refreshing and not at all heavy, and the flavors of gooseberry, lychee and lemon are simple but nice. Good, tasty and clean, which is all you can ask for from $10 Torrontés.
Hawley has been making this single-vineyard Pinot for years, and the wine has achieved real consistency. The 2011, like the 2010, is bright in acidity, with ripe raspberry, cranberry and sandalwood flavors. It's a fine Pinot to drink now.
Herbal berry fruit aromas are about as typical of Navarran Cabernet Sauvignon as you'll get, which still doesn't make it a great wine. To the contrary, there's a lot of foresty, herbal, tomatoey flavor here, although the acidity and balance are good. Standard fare for the region; 60% Cab and 40% Tempranillo.
A soft, perfumed wine, it shows attractive light black currant flavors as well as some tannins, acidity and a young fruity character. It is ready to drink now.
Aged in 100% new American oak for 14 months, this big wine shows tobacco, roasted beef and campfire aromas cut by fresh boysenberry fruit and pencil lead. The medium-bodied palate is packed with flavors, ranging from tart elderberry, smoked meats and graphite to oregano, oak and thyme.
Aromas of butterscotch, smoked almonds and oak take the lead. On the palate, it's crisper than expected, with lightly toasted hazelnut, emergent apples on the midpalate and a lingering finish.
Continuing the impressive improvements at this château even in a tough year, this wine is ripe, full of structured tannins and blackberry fruits. It is fresh, a sign of the vintage, but it has concentration as well. The wine will age well over the medium term, so drink from 2019.
This 50-50 blend of Montepulciano and Sangiovese shows some Middle Eastern spice aromas as well as a leafy side that conjures aromas of lettuce and spinach. Fruity enough, with cherry, red licorice candy and carob on the palate. Gets better as it opens; drink earlier rather than later. Imported by Empson (USA) Ltd.
From estate-grown fruit, this adds Merlot, Sangiovese and Syrah to the Cab. The net result is a diffuse wine with no varietal character. Tannins are hard and bitter, and the fruit seems to be hiding.
Here's a structured Barbera that opens with aromas of ripe black-skinned berry, toast, dark cooking spice and a just a whiff of coffee. The medium-bodied palate delivers tart cherry, red currant and clove alongside bright acidity and fine-grained tannins. A licorice note backs up the finish.
This second red wine from the estate was aged in wood for six months. That shows in the smooth character of the ripe Merlot that dominates the blend. The wine is ripe with black-currant jelly fruits that are lifted by the acidity. Drink the wine young, from 2018.
Named for the winery dog (a rescue dog named Chance), this 80-20 Lemberger-Grenache blend is a lovely cherry/sunset color, and tastes like tangy pie cherries and rhubarb. Quite dry and showing more tannin than most rosés, it could stand up to simple grilled meats or burgers.
Nicely balanced in a lighter style, this shows some barnyard and earth notes on the nose, coupled with cherry, cedar and tea aromas. Cherry fruit and a chalky feel mark the palate and moderately long finish. Best Buy.
A crisp, lemon-scented wine, then layering on butter, toast and ripe melon fruit flavors. It's immediately attractive, not needing any aging, with a soft, yet fresh, finish.
White truffle, dark chocolate, ripe plum and blue flowers are some of the aromas you'll find in this impressive Merlot. The powerful, extracted palate doles out fleshy blackberry, black cherry, clove, tobacco, licorice and cured meat. Velvety tannins wrap around the bold flavors, providing support and a smooth texture. You'll also detect the warmth of evident alcohol, which gives it a one-dimensional finish.
There's good heft and density accented by aromas of black fruit, spice, toast and leather. This vibrant Tuscan wine would make a perfect companion to artichoke risotto or fried chicken. The mouthfeel is smooth, polished and bright.
Mild with raspberry flavor and soft, integrated oak and tannin, this full-bodied wine is comprised entirely of Cabernet Sauvignon and imparts a characteristic Rutherford dustiness on the palate.
A mature, soft wine, with good acidity and a fine, toasty character. It has good bottle age and a creamy, almond-flavored character. A delicious wine, just showing its origin by being richer than many Champagnes.
89-91 Barrel sample. Caramel aromas, a wine that seems over-extracted, tough. The fruit has a juicy element, but misses out on elegance.
This Cabernet Franc, Merlot, Petit Verdot and Syrah blend starts with a sultry wave of juicy plum, smoke, pepper and cherry. On the palate, it's full-bodied with flavors of cherry, currant, plum and clove. A brooding, unfolding wine perfect for a fireside sip.
Cherry granita, black slate, rose petals and a tinge of sagey herbs combine on this single-clone study by winemaker Clarissa Nagy. The flavors are high toned, tight and quite elegant, with shaved tobacco, black pepper, and clingy acidity, before unleashing an energetic wave of espresso and orange rinds.
Dark, tannic and earthy, this pure varietal wine brings up flavors somewhat akin to Washington's Lemberger. The sour-cherry fruit is wrapped in broad flavors of forest floor and wet leaves. There's a bit of a hole in the middle, which might be nicely filled with a good hamburger.
This tangy rosé opens with a burst of tart strawberry fruit, and rolls into a lightly creamy midpalate. It's in the peppery, tannic style of rosé, making it a good match for more substantial foods.
Pure and cerebral, but with enough natural liveliness that you can't help but love it. Aromas of schist, lavender and plum mix with oak-driven bacon and chocolate to create a welcoming whole. Sizable cherry and plum flavors are round but also precise and firm. Looming tannins suggest some cellaring may be warranted. The blend is Garnacha followed by Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon. Imported by Vinum International.
With its aromas of smoke and cracked pepper, this shows more Rhône-ish qualities than many of its Barossa brethren. It's also less weighty than most, with an appealingly silky texture that fades just a little too quickly on the finish. Drink now–2015.
Light coffee and tea-like aromas emerge from the nose of this sharp and crisp Barbera d'Asti Superiore. The wine is compact, firm and the mouthfeel is characterized by fresh berry notes and crisp fruit on the close.
This wine offers some meaty fruit flavors that gather round the midpalate and hold there; a big bundle of berries, cherries and plums, annotated with cinnamon and spice. There's even a hint of mint, and the slightest suggestion of fresh cilantro; the only off-note is a little gluey flavor in the finish.
This is superb, with honest, unadulterated flavors that reflect the power and precision of Yakima Valley Cabernet. The dominant note, apart from the cassis and cherry fruit, is tobacco, with hints of mint, herb and earth. This is a Cabernet with immaculate finesse, shown specifically in the way the finish plays out smoothly but keeps lengthening and adding nuances.
Aromas of nettle, citrus fruits and stream water set up a minerally palate with some plumpness. Moderately intense stone fruit and citrus flavors finish melony.
Ripe and honeyed, but also nicely balanced by flower blossom aromas and acidic zest on the palate. For straightforward apricot and peach flavors, this wine serves its purpose. It's smooth, sweet and easygoing, and overall it's just elegant and lively enough to jostle your palate.
Dry, balanced, rich in earthy, cherry and blackberry flavors with a touch of smoky oak. Has a nice claret-like elegance to the smooth, polished tannins.
Complex, with plum, clove, oaky vanilla and grilled meat notes. Drinks very dry, with firm tannins. Shows real style in the overall balance and harmony.
On the basis that anything goes with rosé, this wine is 100-percent Sangiovese, known locally as Niellucciu. The acidity that is typical of the grape is very present as are red cherry and tight fruit flavors. It is so crisp and lively, bouncing from the glass and leaving a beautiful array of red fruits at the end.
This very dense, tannic Pinot Noir represents a triumph for both the winery, the vintage and the region it represents. A multi-clone blend (hence the name) with high, cool-climate acidity and aged in 100% new oak, it's still young, fresh and tight. The astringency throws a cloak over the raspberries, cherries, rosehip tea and Indian spice flavors, which reveal themselves only reluctantly. But they're there, in an imposing texture of velvet and silk. This enormous wine demands time. The window seems to be 2012–2015.
Robust and full-bodied, as you'd expect from this vineyard, a dry, somewhat tannic wine that shows a stubbornly fruity immaturity. That doesn't mean you can't drink it now, because the flood of cherries, black raspberries, sweet cola and vanilla-infused smoky oak is delicious. However, this big, powerful wine actually needs a few years in the cellar to calm down.
Candied berry aromas are a touch syrupy. In the mouth, this is tight, rugged and high in acidity. Dry raw flavors of currant and cranberry feature an herbal accent. Drying abrasive tannins rule a raw, snappy finish.
Dry and stalky, this wine from the eastern Alentejo is structured and firm. It has ripe black fruit flavors along with acidity, both of them dominated by tannins from the fruit. The wine needs to age; drink from 2017.
This opens with earthy aromas of leather, overripe black fruit, meat juice and a whiff of barnyard. The palate delivers mature plum, black cherry, loam and game alongside astringent tannins.
This is a solid, serviceable Pinot, though not a match for the very impressive 2010. Tart fruit carries a suggestion of over-ripeness as well, especially in the finish, which has an autumnal scent of fallen apples.
This is an attractive, soft Pinot Noir rosé. With its ripe red-strawberry flavors, it is rich but has plenty of crisp acidity. The balance and juicy, crisp aftertaste are deliciously refreshing.
Given ample time in oak, this wine delivers size and strength, a feisty celebration of big blackberry fruit and muscular tannins, well representative of both the vineyard and the vintage. Strawberry, mushroom and truffle figure prominently, with a finish of black tea.
An estate-grown wine from an Oakville-based producer, this is an opaque, concentrated expression of black fig and gunpowder, girded by sturdy tannin and a richness of black cherry and berry. It reveals the power of the appellation well, and a ripeness of the vintage.
This is really an exquisite Cabernet. It shows the intensity and purity that Howell Mountains brings to wine, with a superb structure of fine, complex tannins and acidity. Flavorwise, the blackberries, black currants, cassis, blueberries and chocolate have an edge of raisins, but not too much, just enough for a spicy bite. Beautiful now and through 2015, in a proper cellar.
A very nice, well-behaved Pinot. It's a villages-style wine, from a good vintage and a good winery. Dry and luscious, it has ripe, oak-infused cherry, blackberry and milk chocolate flavors, offset by adequate acidity. Drink now.
Big, powerful and flashy, this is made in the modern cult style, showing ripeness, high alcohol and oakiness. The blackberry and cassis flavors are classic Napa, while the texture is smooth and mellow, but as heady as cognac.
A bit soft and dull, with oak-infused flavors of citrus fruits and peaches that show some bitterness on the finish.
Beatifully pétillant with small, persistent beads, this hints of tangerine and lemons skins against a backdrop of fresh mushrooms and madacamia nuts. The foam is quite mouthfilling, but lemony acidity leads to a lingering finish.
Rich and elaborate, a crowd pleaser to satisfy just about any Cabernet lover. Although it's potent in classic blackberry and cassis flavors, it shows a dryness and balance that you could call Bordeaux-style. Should develop easily for a decade in the cellar.
Partly fermented and aged in 500-liter French barrels, this opens with aromas of toasted oak, bread crust, acacia and sage. The rounded medium-boded palate offers mature yellow-apple skin, pineapple and a hint of butterscotch while a nutty note closes the finish.
A scent of pastry dough encases the broad notes of spiced dark fruit and flower on this Cabernet Sauvignon. This is a medium- to full-bodied wine, and it bears firm tannins and bright acids that carry onto the medium to long finish.
The cool vintage shows in the crispness and dryness of this young Pinot Noir. Long hangtime has yielded rich, deep flavors of sour cherries, raspberries, orange peel and peppery spices, accentuated by smoky, cedary new oak, and the texture is as fine as silk. Decant, and should develop through 2013.
Tart and snappy, the flavors of lime flesh and rind dominate. Some green pineapple pokes through, with crisp acidity underscoring the flavors. The wine was all stainless-steel fermented.
With this wine, Dolce cements its status as California's most consistently great dessert wine. This year's blend is 80% Sémillon and 20% Sauvignon Blanc, and the grapes were infected with the botrytis, resulting in the fantastic sweetness. Devastating in apricot, orange, pear, honey, vanilla and créme brûlée flavors, in an unctuous, viscous texture, with wonderfully clean acidity, it's certainly one of the greatest sweet California wines in memory.
From the Langtry Estate in Guenoc, Lake County, this has very intense pineapple on the nose and palate, and is rich and sweet on the finish. Pair it with spicy food or something briny from the sea.
Here's a rich, densely layered Cab. It's showing complex flavors of black currants, dark chocolate and cedar. The tannins are a little edgy, giving the wine an astringent bite that could mellow out with mid-term aging.
Here's a no-nonsense wine with fresh fruit aromas, ripe but not overripe flavors, good acidity to keep it tangy and a smooth but firm texture that is appetizing. It tastes like white peaches with a splash of orange, then brings in toasted almonds on the finish.
Waxy lemon peel aromas on the nose are amplified on the palate of this delicate auslese, exposing riper, sweeter shades of yellow peach and cherry. Nervy acidity jolts the midpalate, finishing brisk and clean. Drink now through 2020.
This intriguing blend of 50% Grenache and 50% Carignan combines crisp red-fruit flavors and lush, creamy tannins. There's a slightly herbal tinge as well. Drink it over the next year or two.
Surprisingly rich and complex for this price and the statewide appellation, a full-bodied wine with glorious flavors of blackcurrants. Coats the mouth and lasts through a long finish. The tannins are soft and intricate and add to the enjoyment.
The white wine at Montus is a blend of many of the local grapes, including the rare Petit Courbu. It has a herbaceous character that's broadened with toast and lively acidity. Finely perfumed and rich, it has an apple- and quince-flavored finish.
Allspice and plum aromas are followed by flavors of vanilla, dark cherry, smoke and cocoa in this young but friendly red from the north. Fine tannins and an elegant herbal finish give the wine finesse. A good entree into Greek reds for myriad palates.
Hints of sweet oak meld beautifully with full-fledged fruit aromas and flavors of dark plum and black cherry in this full-bodied wine. It unfolds from a mildly spicy nose to a rich, warm palate sensation and lingering finish. One of several single-vineyard expressions, the Savoy Vineyard is now the FEL estate vineyard.
From a small estate of only 10 acres, this wine with its 60% Merlot is fruity with just the right amount of tannins. It has red fruit and crisp acidity along with a dry edge. The wine is likely to age quickly, so drink from 2019.
This is a tremendous deal of a wine, bold and medium in weight with light, well-strung, tangy acidity. Sour lemon, apple, flint and ginger combine for an elegant, widely appealing experience that works as an apéritif or with a meal.
With a fading, rather light color, it's hard to believe that this is only a few years old. In the nose, there's a slight burnt character, one of matchsticks and red pepper flakes. The palate, like the color, seems mature; it's soft and round, with a mix of oak and berry fruit. This wine is fine, if a little weak, but the real fault is that it has no signature feature. It's decent but just there.
Of Clarendon Hills' three Cabs, this one is generally considered the flagship. This vintage, the Hickinbotham is a darker, more brooding sort of Cab than the other two, with drying, tealike tannins in the mouth and bramble aromas. In spite of its dark profile, it's not oversized or overoaked. Shows good length on the finish. Drink now–2012.
This is a blend of two vineyards, Pratt Vine Hill Road and Gap's Crown, enviable sources for both red and white grapes. The end result here shines in honey and a sublime hint of lemon candy. Bright, floral acidity lines a foundation of fresh tangerine and lime, finishing with an intensity of salty, spiced oak.
A fresh, crisp young Zinfandel, briary and brambly, with exuberant flavors of wild raspberries, cola, red licorice, mint and loads of peppery spices. A good, inexpensive wine for everyday fare.
Although this Cab was grown in the warmer area inland from Anderson Valley, it's still not quite ripe. There's something vegetal in the aroma, although it's considerably sweeter in cherry fruit, not to mention oak, in the mouth, which saves it.
This delivers a spectacular explosion of fruity, floral flavors. Notes of apricot preserve and honeysuckle are exuberantly aromatic, balanced with a delicate palate of sweet, sugared peach and tangerine. It's sprightly and lean, yet elegantly lingering on the finish.
Whiffs of petrol, herb and spice lend savory tones to a palate that's chock full of pristinely ripe grapefruit, peach and nectarine flavors. It's dry in style, but richly textured on the palate, with generous acidity that reverberates on the finish.
Barrel-fermented in entirely new Russian oak, not something one sees every day, this somewhat thin, while ripe, wine offers a curious combination of anise and ham.
Always  great, this is softer, less intense than in the past. But there is still great richness, and power as well as smoothness, burnt caramel blending well with the spirit, and finishing with its inimitable fresh acidity.
This opens with a very pretty nose—scents of clay, mineral, blueberry, cassis and a whiff of rather high-toned volatility. In the mouth the barrel flavors bring dusty cocoa and chocolate. A full-bodied wine, still young, sharp and edgy. Best to give it a few more years in the cellar, to smooth out some of the rawness.
Blue flower, exotic spice and dark berry aromas take shape on this full-bodied glossy red. The structured enveloping palate offers dried morello cherry, raspberry, star anise and pipe tobacco alongside compact fine-grained tannins. It already has so much to offer but will be even better in a few years. Drink 2019–2029.
Made from 100% Cabernet Sauvignon, this bottling really struts its stuff in the elegant 2006 vintage. It opens with intense and finely polished aromas of berry, lead pencil, brimstone, leather and black currant. It feels tight, crisp and firm on the finish. Give it another 5–10 years of cellar aging.
Made in the modern, ripe California stlyle, this Chardonnay offers immediately appealing flavors of pineapple jam, peach, lime, kiwi and vanilla oak. It's balanced with crisp acidity. Ready now for sheer richness.
A blend of Dolcetto, Refosco and Nebbiolo, this red is a lusty, tannic, acidic, slightly sweet wine. Nothing fancy going on, but for sheer power, it impresses.
This is a plump, corpulent Pinot with soft tannins and loads of plum, black cherry and cola flavors. Has some cinnamon and clove notes as well, and a warm, velvety finish.
Dry and melony on the bouquet, with shy peach aromas. The slightly pithy flavors reflect mature, slightly maderized white fruits. A touch flat and bready on the finish.
This Brut Rosé opens with a very delicate raspberry color and light aromas of rose petal, cassis and small berries. Pair this refreshing sparkling wine with fried wontons in spicy sauce.
This is a classic, dry wine. It's medium bodied, fresh in aromas and moderately tannic, resulting in a balanced yet grippy texture. It's backed by reserved but tasty cherry and raspberry flavors.
A blend of five vineyards, some of which go into single-vineyard designates, this is a well made, structured wine, offering layers of black cherry and subtle earth around soft, velvety tannins. The finish highlights black pepper spice with dark chocolate chaser.
Lightly citric and mildly tropical, but mostly it's just a simple, easygoing wine with cantaloupe and peachy flavors along with a mild, cleansing finish. Nothing special but nothing wrong, and therein lies its virtue.
This rounded, full wine is densely packed with fruit, but also tannins that add balance. Blackberry flavors come through the dry structure to give both richness and freshness. The aftertaste is ripe, juicy and delicious. Drink now, but best from 2015.
A big, rich chocolaty wine with delicious spice and ripe tannins. The fruit is sumptuously rich, blackberry juice flavors balancing the power and concentration of the texture. In all this richness, there is just enough freshness to lift the finish.
Morgan has been a real pioneer in the unoaked Chardonnay movement, and when the wine scores, it scores big. Consider this a run-scoring triple. It's totally dry, very acidic (officially, 7.13 g/L, for the statistically-minded) and austere, with a hard edge of minerals. What fruit there is suggests tart green apples and white nectarines. Believe me, you won't miss the oak.
A good rosé, properly dry and crisp, and not too fruity. There are dried herb and tea notes to the raspberries, and a nice spiciness. A little sharp on the finish, but a fine effort.
Juicy and high in acidity, this is an easy quaffer, begging to be paired with fresh sea fare, be it oysters or cracked crab. Rare in California and usually considered a blending agent for Rhône whites, the grape shows potential from this estate.
Dark and dusty, with streaks of metal and mineral, this complex Merlot retains the elegance so rarely found in domestic versions. Cassis and plum flavors melt into supple tannins soaked in espresso. Ready to drink now.
Most of the grapes come from this cool-climate growing area, giving the wine a peppery aroma and flavor. The winemaker included 15% Syrah from the warmer home ranch in the Santa Ynez Valley. A good choice, as that adds a fat, soft richness. Finishes fully dry, firm in acidity and finely tannic, with ripe flavors of blackberries. Drink now.
Blueberry, wet tobacco, charred beef, cedar and a touch of dried herbs show on the nose of this bottling. There is tons of acidity on the palate, where dense and dark purple fruits meet with cocoa dust, incense and woody spice, culiminating in a long finish.
Bovale is a little-known red grape from Sardinia that offers smooth and rustic characteristics that recall dried tobacco, earth, black fruit and spice. The finish is long and polished, with nice concentration and intensity.
The aromas are on the rustic side for this simple, fresh wine. To taste, the juicy fruit offers a good barbecue wine, with its soft but dry tannins and bright red berry fruit flavors. Drink now.
Soft notions of grapefruit zest and green apple provide an inviting opening, the palate delivers fresh, juicy flavors that broaden in the mouth. A lemony freshness lights everything up.
Hayflowers, summer meadows and ripe pears are conjured up by this wine. The palate is toned with a harmonious interplay of textural power and streamlined freshness. Grapefruit zestiness and herbal savoriness complete the tableau.
There's a tight, sharp element here with defined tones of bramble and wild fruit. Later, as the wine sits in the glass, this lively Brunello Riserva opens to generous tones of soft vanilla, leather and spice.
Broad, ripe wine, its red berry fruit with an edge of sweetness and caramel. It is easy, soft and pleasant.
This wine boasts an attractive nose of rose petals and red cherries, followed by cherry and pomegranate flavors on the lightweight palate. The tannins are supple and the finish fades quickly, making this a drink-now proposition.
Pink grapefruit and peach nectar flood the palate of this intensely concentrated off-dry Riesling. It's buoyantly fruity and forward, but balanced squarely by a frame of lemon-lime acidity. The finish is pristine yet lingering.
ripe, intense, dry fruit-flavored ruby Port that has depth of fruit and well-integrated spirit. A great, everyday drinking Port.
Briny apple and lime aromas set up a minerally, fresh, natural palate with stony lime, green apple and white-pineapple flavors. Par for the brut nature course is a stony, chiseled finish that frames the wine's crisp, lean character.
86-88 Barrel sample. There's too much wood here, obvious on the nose and with dominant flavors of pine shavings. But there is fruit there, even if, at this stage, not rich enough to balance out the wood.
This structured wine shows firm tannins as well as plenty of black fruit. At the same time, it has a sense of balance and elegance, as well as crispness that counteracts the ripe, juicy fruit. The wine is ready to drink.
This blend of Mourvèdre, Carignane and Syrah is still quite young but already shows lots of savory potential. Wild berry, underbrush, subtle game and crushed slate aromas lead into a palate of loaded with mulberry, sagebrush and cedar flavors. It has loads of energy out of the gate.
This wine is chock full of freshly crushed black pepper and blackberry jam flavor. It's big in tannins, but large proportions of aging in new French oak gives it hints of toast and a caramelized touch. The wine is disappointing given the bottling's history, but it's likely the chilly vintage that undermined it.
Pure peach, pear and oceanic aromas properly reflect the wine's name, which stems from a popular beach in nearby Barcelona. In the mouth, it's tangy and linear, with crisp, citrusy acids and corresponding flavors of lime and green apple. Finishes tight and dry.
Dark gold in color and perfumed on the nose in a mix of apple blossom and sea spray, this wine is aged in a majority of seasoned French oak and a third stainless steel. It's soft, layered and voluptuous on the palate, despite its cool provenance and tenacious acidity.
Produced from young vines, this is Paris' early-drinking Cornas. It's fresh, fruity and not too tannic, with a dry, cinnamon-like overlay to the superripe blueberry fruit. Finishes crisp.
An attractive wine that is herbaceous, with a hint of citrus and with a richer texture that also offers fresh pears and cream. A good, fresh apéritif.
Banfi presents an easy, no-fuss Chianti Classico that showcases Sangiovese typicity and personality. This is a profoundly food-friendly wine with built-in natural acidity that pairs it with butter or cream-based pasta dishes.
There's a chalky baking soda touch to the nose of this bottling, with touches of key lime, ripe tangerine and orange blossom. The palate is tangy and grippy in chalky texture, with citrus peel flavors. Very fresh and almost entirely dry.
This Cabernet Sauvignon also blends in Merlot, Syrah, Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot, combining for a straightforward red wine experience offering blackberry and raspberry juiciness. Plenty of toasty character tinged by tobacco is provided by the oak.
Light fresh aromas and flavors along with decent balance make this wine a versatile drink. The flavors are faint but clean, so it makes a good palate cleanser and should work well for a crowd.
Fresh, clean and upfront, this easy Italian white from beautiful Orvieto in Central Italy offers aromas of stone fruit, citrus and white flower. Pair this wine with tuna salad or fried calamari rings.
Not one of the generally declared vintages for Port, this year produced some ripe, sweet single quinta vintages. It also was a good year for rich, sweet tawnies. This is ripe, toffee-like in character packed with ripe raisin and sultana flavors. It is a luxurious wine, of course ready to drink.
Dark, sweet and arguably a little raisiny on the nose. That sweetness translates into a thick mouthfeel cemented by weight and a tannic grip. The flavor profile is moderately baked, with berry, chocolate and molasses flavors, while the finish is long but tastes a touch cooked. Imported by Grapes of Spain.
This copper-colored sparkler opens with aromas of white flowers and bread crust. The palate offers dried cherry, bitter walnut and toast alongside brisk acidity.
Hints of rosewater and Turkish Delight waft from the glass. More toned down, the palate shines with citric freshness. There is quite a bit of warmth that seems to intensify the floral peach notes even more. It's very aromatic and varietally true, with a tropical finish of passion fruit.
Pitch-black in the glass, this is a meaty, deep wine, with inviting aromas of beef, black currant, caramel and smoke on the nose. The acidity is quite explosive on the palate, where flavors of charred beef, plum sauce, peppercorns and blueberry migrate towards a dark-roasted coffee note.
There is nothing shy about this wine, but kudos for pulling together a 100% Sangiovese from Red Mountain fruit that comes a tenth of a percentage point short of 15% alcohol. Not easy to do! The result is right in line with the winery's style—big, bold, forward, ready to rock and drinking well right out of the bottle. Don't wait—just enjoy the ripe strawberry fruit, the spice and the toasted almond, oat cracker finish.
Toast, iodine, steel and kumquat-skin aromas show on this bottling from one of the region's older properties. The palate offers stone fruit ripeness but is driven by a sharp, citrusy acidity of Meyer lemon and Mexican lime.
Moderate intensity on the nose, with aromas of small red berries, blueberry and thyme. The mouthfeel is light and low acid with soft tannins and subtle flavors of fruit skins. Drink now.
Following on the heels of the wonderful 2006 bottling, this has more tannin and less fruit, with a heavy presence of oak stepping in the way of the black cherry flavor. It was aged for 33 months in oak—50% new French oak.
Shows the gorgeousness of fruit this vineyard always delivers, as well as the seemingly impossible balancing act of feminine generosity and structural power. The result will be evident to anyone who loves Pinot Noir. This is a massive wine, ripe with red fruits and berries and mocha, but it's also worthy of aging. Give it at least six years.
A solid Petite Sirah. You can use it in a wine education class as a textbook example of the variety. It's full bodied, tannic and rich in blackberry, blueberry, crème de cassis, cola, grilled meat and black pepper flavors, enhanced by oak. Should age effortlessly, without gaining complexity, for many years.
Right out of the chute this toasty, dark, dense, sexy wine says, “Drink me!” But some further time in bottle seems like the better plan. It's quite young, tight, still a bit awkward in the mouth, with the barrel and fruit flavors not quite integrated. All the right pieces are here—ripe black berries, cassis and cherries along with spicy herbal streaks and a whiff of coffee. Just let it all settle down before you pop the (glass) cork.
A blend of 50% Cabernet Sauvignon and 50% Syrah, the Chiripada Winemakers' Select offers up sweet red fruit with a raspberry edge. There's mouth-coating tannins and a pleasant rusticity to the finish. Developed aromas suggest this wine has already reached its peak; drink before the end of 2011.
This 10-acre vineyard in the Carreau portfolio is surrounded by a stone wall (which is unusual for Bordeaux). The wine with its firm tannins is still very young. But with a structure and with balanced fruitiness it will develop well. There is plenty of fine, juicy acidity at the end. Drink from 2019.
Gold in color with aromatic intensity. Trouble is, the wine is heavy and dull. Simply put, the watery melon and citrus flavors just don't cut it as far as high-end Loire whites go. Imported by Frederick Wildman and Sons, Ltd.
It's almost criminal to taste Sassicaia before its prime. The 2003 vintage should be ready after 2010. A blend of 85% Cab Sauvignon and 15% Cab Franc that aged 24 months in barrique, notes of cassis, exotic spice, menthol and green olive come through despite the hot vintage. It's powerful in the mouth with crispness and refined tannins.
Rosy cherry and plum aromas turn more rubbery and raisiny as this airs out. Solid, lifted and deep on the palate, this varietal Garnacha deals lightly herbal, floral flavors of plum and cherry cough drop, while the finish is oaky, resiny, raw, scouring and tough. Nothing about this is subtle or elegant, but it is dynamic. Drink through 2020.
Earthy and a little sweet, a common wine that's a little too rustic.
Baked plum, underripe raspberry and cola aromas meet with roasted meats, strong fennel, composting flowers and pencil shavings on the complex nose of this appellation blend. The palate is just as hearty, with thyme, anise, marjoram and Indian spice giving depth to the rounded cranberry base. Bitter orange rind and tangy green-olive touches push it even deeper.
This is the first vintage for this spicy tasting room white. It's lightly spritzy, crisp and bone dry, with white pepper and tart citrus skin. The four grapes in the blend—Pinot Blanc, Pinot Gris, Riesling and Gewürztraminer—complement each other without losing their individuality. Persistent and very refreshing this  is a quintessential summer wine.
Licorice, cigar box and a touch of mint highlight the ripe plum-driven aromas on this wine from New Orleans-hailing, Santa Ynez-residing Iris Rideau. A plush mouthfeel comes alongside blueberry notes and apparent tannins that aren't overly grippy. It's a little hot, but also retains an refreshing acidity.
In France, this would be a vin de pays. It's a simple little country wine, dry and bracing, with good cherry-berry flavors and a rich earthiness. It'll be fine with a grilled flank steak you might even find yourself reaching for a third glass.
Aromas of toast, coconut, oak and roasted coffee bean lead the nose and carry over to the palate along with a note of raw cherry and sage. It doesn't have enough fruit richness to stand up to the oak-driven spice and the bracing, astringent tannins.
Quite a lot of fruit flavor is packed into this straightforward, dry and non-oaky wine. It should be versatile at the dinner table because of its direct flavors, rather reserved texture and good balance.
The color is quite deep and golden, the aroma is earthy and the flavors are strong, grapy and very ripe. This wine is full bodied and almost sweet.
For the first time the fruit was sourced from Conner Lee vineyard old vines. It's a glorious wine, a near-perfect mix of citrus and stone, kissed with honey and dust, lightly buttery. Fermented mostly with native yeast, this is one of the best Washington Chardonnays of a very good vintage.
This 100% varietal wine from a young, emerging vineyard was aged in mixture of new French (86%) and American oak. It's aromatically brooding with notes of dark coffee, vanilla, dark cherry, herbs and chocolate. The polished black fruit flavors are rich yet light on their feet with the tannins combed to a fine sheen and mouthwatering acids. Best from 2020–2027.
Very ripe and jammy, showing primary fruit blackberries, cherries, black currants and cola, and lots of new, smoky oak. A big wine wrapped into big, sweet tannins that's tasting a bit direct now. The suggestion is ageability. With the grapes coming off two mountains, Howell and Veeder, it should cruise through the next 6–8 years.
This is the kind of Rosso di Montalcino you could pair with seasoned pork or chicken curry. It has the heft and substance to stand up to those spicy foods and offers loads of fresh fruit intensity on the close.
This wine is lovely in aromatics of honeysuckle, as dense compact layers of ripe apricot highlight a full-bodied profile of concentrated flavor.
85-87. Barrel sample. This is a light wine that will develop quickly. It has red-berry flavors, with notes of spice and bell pepper in the background.
Cherries and chocolate are the hallmark of the Zins at Maryhill. The fruit is pretty and the chocolate smooth, certainly a crowd-pleasing style. The finish is clean and supple.
Located at the foot of Montalcino, Marco Lazzeretti's vineyard produces concentrated Brunello highlighted by brilliant notes of almond nut, sweet red fruit, menthol and cedar wood. The tannins are thorny and sharp, so much so that it's hard to imagine them tamed with time.
Imbued with an almost smoky mineral essence, this wine is moderately sweet, but balanced by crisp acids. Melon and pineapple flavors take over on the palate, but the minerality comes back to the fore on the finish.
This is made from fruit that's sourced mostly from Mercer's Spice Cabinet Vineyard in the Horse Heaven Hills, with some Tablas clone Syrah from the Rattlesnake Hills. It's a tasty wine but it seems incomplete. It has a ripe purple-fruit flavor, and it comes with plenty of power, but there's a hole in the middle. The finish kicks in with a splash of molasses.
Mulberry, fennel and smoldering campfire aromas show on the nose of this bottling from a winery whose direction shows great potential. A gamy and sharply acidic palate offers dried cherry and bay leaf flavors, finishing sour.
This blend of Cabernet Sauvignon (57%), Syrah (27%), Petit Verdot (15%) and Merlot delivers a medley of herb, baker's chocolate, smoke, plum and black tea aromas. Fine-grained tannins support its dark fruit flavors, which stretch long into the finish. Highly styled yet lovely.
Robust in black pepper and intense black fruit, this has a tension of freshness and red cherry, making for a complex and intriguing wine with noticeable structure and a refreshing finish.
Baked earth, pressed rose, coffee, cocoa and plum aromas emerge on this full-bodied red. The round, hearty palate doles out mature black cherry, juicy blackberry, licorice and baking spice alongside velvety tannins. You'll also notice the warmth of alcohol on the close. Drink sooner rather than later to capture freshness and fruit richness.
Despite cold conditions in 2011, this Pinot is dark in color and full on the nose, where heavy, raisiny black-fruit aromas hold court. Flavors of toasty oak, plum, berry and raisin finish peppery, oaky and with vanilla and prune notes. Drink now.
Tight and tannic, with an herbal edge, this stiff and rather unyielding wine remains a bit puzzling. Hints of cranberry, mulberry and blueberry are somewhat overtaken by herbal, earthy notes.
This wine is soft and rounded. It has lemon and light spiciness along with cool acidity. It is an easy wine that is ripe with apple and fresh lemon juice and ready to drink.
From an extremely coastal 13-acre vineyard in Bonny Doon that was replanted in 2005, this wine shows black-cherry jelly candies on the nose alongside wild mint, white sage and black olive. The palate is more asphalt and tar-laden, but with blueberry, violet and uncrushed peppercorn flavors that make it quite tasty.
Stottle does an especially good job with Tempranillo, sourced from the same site as its Nebbiolo. Fruity and fleshy, loaded with bright berry notes, it reflects its 21 months in barrel in its complex streaks of spice, chocolate and butterscotch.
Plum and other red-fruit aromas have a mild herbal, leafy edge, while the fresh and fairly smooth palate blends plum, berry and olive flavors. The wine is a bit leafy and herbal, but it's round and healthy, with a solid feel to it. Imported by Racke USA, Inc.
Has the most delectable fragrance of white peaches and vanilla. In the mouth, the peach flavors are joined by powerful kiwi and pineapple. For all the fruit, the wine is dry, crisp and balanced.
Squeezed plums and a touch of star anise spice up the nose of this wine, made by a Kama Sutra-inspired winery that has a tasting room in downtown Paso Robles. It's fairly thick once sipped, with lots of red fruits and enough brown spice to keep it intriguing.
As a partner to the red wine from this estate, with its Bordeaux blend, this wine brings together the Bordeaux white grapes of Sauvignon Blanc and Sémillon. The addition of Alvarinho rather spoils the Bordeaux moment, although for the wine it it's a plus, adding crisp taste and brightness to this rich wood-aged blend. Drink this tropical, fruity and pear-flavored wine from 2018.
Rounded, open  soft raisin and dense black fruit flavors, make this an intense, solidly structured wine. It is big and powered by generous fruits, finishing with black plums.
This Montepulciano-based blend of Sangiovese, Merlot, Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon is chock full of dusty tannins, dried herbs and a savory red cranberry flavor. An interesting wine to try with risotto or pasta.
This was probably the first Sicilian red I tasted, and then it was full of exotic flavors and mysterious scents. Then the wine went downhill for a few years. But now this 3 million-bottle brand is back on form and full of the same herbal, spicy flavors it always had, with the plus of ripe, sweet dark cherry fruit and easy tannins. I drank it recently with a plate of grilled vegetables, and it was a great partnership.
Heavily coated with coconut and oiled leather aromas, however, the palate recedes to Bonarda's typical angularity. The flavors of blackberry and cherry are solid, but the mouthfeel runs rough and sheer. And it finishes with some saltiness and leather. A good wine, not without its fault.
Some flint hovers above the glass and leads to a simple but pepper-spicy body that is light and very crisp. Drink this simple wine soon.
From the Heintz Vineyard, well-known for Chardonnay and Pinot Noir, comes this compelling Syrah. A burst of toasted oak and dry tannins upon entry develops slowly into a taste of ripe, black fruit, black olives and tar. Surrounded by a soft palate the wine is also marked by a starkness of black pepper and hint of lavender.
The wine is totally dry and racy in acidity, with complex flavors of citrus fruits, peaches, apricots, grapefruits and peppery spices. What a lovely, savory wine to drink with just about everything from mussels to grilled swordfish to roasted chicken.
Rock solid and dense, with aromas of black cherry and cassis along with a whiff of aged cheese. The palate is tight, tannic and rubbery, with grabby black cherry and blackberry flavors along with toasty, dark shadings. Finishes firm, with a touch of black olive and herbs. The best MC to date; drink now through 2017.
This strange wine opens with a bright gold, almost amber color and a surprisingly neutral nose. There's nothing wrong with the wine, in fact in the mouth, it leaves resiny aromas of butterscotch, exotic fruit and candied banana.
Fruit from this high-profile vineyard builds a velvety silky seductive wine that impresses immediately. It captures the ephemeral elegance of the grape, in a young wine with well-managed phenolics. The strawberry-centric fruit is lightly dusted with cinnamon, from 15 months in 50% new French oak.
Ripe and forward in chocolate-covered raisin, cherry, peppermint and sweet oak flavors. With its fleshy mouthfeel, this pretty Merlot is ready to drink now.
This cool Central Coast wine has tropical fruit and lemondrop  flavors as well as zesty acidity. Veteran winemaker Chuck Ortman has added a substantial amount of toasted oak. The result is a clean, flavorful wine.
Rocche Barolo is another homerun for Vietti. You'll fall in love with the wine's rich intensity and the ensuing complexity that becomes apparent as the wine spends more time in the glass. Thanks to a continuing evolution, you'll recognize aromas of wild berry, smoke, crushed stone, licorice, cola and mesquite. The tannins are silky and smooth. Hold ten years or more.
Fat and pumped up, with raw berry fruit that's rough and ready. Black plum and cherry flavors seem to pick up some mint character, and there's coffee on the finish. There's also some fierce, grippy tannins that grab and don't let go. And for that, it takes a large step backward. A kosher offering.
This is a fat, soft and smooth wine. It has juicy red fruit and acidity, with light tannins that lend support. It's ready to drink.
Dark in color, this wine offers a meaty, gamy quality around sizable, still-puckering tannins and oak. Despite its size and grippiness, it traffics in violet and herb, with a dry finish piqued in tobacco. Drink now through 2018.
This Sangiovese from the far away 2005 vintage shows aged aromas of spice, candied fruit and polished mineral. It's bright in the mouth in terms of acidity, but not much fresh fruit is left.
This opens with enticing scents of woodland berry, iris, wild rose and a balsamic note. The palate is still is still rather closed but offers raw red berry, chopped sage and star anise alongside bracing tannins and brisk acidity. Give this time to unwind and fully open. Drink after 2019.
Big, juicy, ripe and tannic. From the crushed wild berry, pepper and nettle aromas to the blast of smoky, raisin-tinged raspberries, cherries and blackberries, it expresses its terroir perfectly. Great price for a Zin of such textbook authority.
A super ripe and extracted wine, with licorice, blackberry, mocha and resiny oak aromas. No doubt about it, this is a jacked-up, fruit-driven bruiser. It's oaky to the max, with vanilla and mocha flavors wrestling with the requisite black-fruit quotient. Creamy and rich late, with good flow to the finish. Very nice wine that lacks only definition and refinement.
Smells like generic red fruits with a pinch of green herbs. Feels choppy and astringent, with green-leaning flavors of plum and raspberry. Zesty on the finish but tastes herbal and underdeveloped.
Strained and oily on the nose, this lacks freshness and fruitiness. Briny flavors are extreme and sweaty, while the finish tastes a lot like sauerkraut.
Vivid and snappy, this was fermented in stainless steel, with a small percentage aged in neutral barrels to soften the mouthfeel. It's spicy and fresh, with a mix of fruit flavors including grapefruit and pineapple. A touch of vanilla enlivens the aromas.
Lushly fruited with blueberry, black cherry and plum, this Idaho-sourced red blend is mostly Cabernet Sauvignon, with small amounts of seven other grapes. Smooth and flavorful, it finishes with a dash of cocoa.
Concentrated and showing a whiff of volatility, this is a blend of 62% Merlot, 33% Cabernet Sauvignon and a splash each of Cab Franc and Petit Verdot. Grapes are sourced from three different estate vineyards on Red Mountain. It's acidic and extracted, but opens up with exposure to air into a supple, rich, muscular, raspberry and cherry-flavored red blend. There are hints of rock, fennel and smoke, and a long, concentrated and well-rounded finish.
Exotic Indian spices and very ripe blackberry and blueberry flavors characterize this rich, heady wine. It's so fruity that it tastes sweet, but it's actually dry, with a long, delicious finish.
The wine brings out a strongly herbal, tangy character in this perfumed grape. With spice and intense acidity, the wine is still young, still with a closed character. This needs to be drunk from late 2017 or even 2018.
Floral and a bit mineral, but also a tiny bit hot and rough. The palate is sweet, solid and slightly sharp in feel, with dark, baked-fruit flavors of plum and berry. A robust finish with a touch of burn closes things out.
A whiff of leather to open, followed by plenty of cranberry and cherry fruit, balanced and medium bodied. Mocha and cola streaks run into ripe tannins.
Garnet colored with a light brick rim, this opens with aromas of leafy underbrush, leather and a whiff of menthol. The palate is straightforward for a Brunello and already surprisingly accessible, offering dried wild cherry, licorice and a hint of baking spice alongside ripe tannins.
Pretty scents of violet, rose, red berry, leather and forest floor rise from the glass along with a balsamic note. The palate offers crushed black cherry accented with notes of espresso, toast and sage. It has a tightly tannic, astringent finish. This will be better after 2018.
Smoky, fruity and spicy in equal measure, this wine is 57% Cabernet Sauvignon-based, with 15% Merlot, 14% Cabernet Franc and 14% Malbec. With balanced acidity and an integrated use of oak, it offers structure and length beyond its crisp cassis, raspberry and blackberry notes.
An ambitious wine, obviously grown from low yielding vines whose fruity flavors have been concentrated into wild blackberries and cherries, finished with the exotic spices that characterize Dry Creek Zinfandel. A very good Zin for the price.
Smooth and rich, this is full of ripe apricot and peach flavors that warmly embrace the palate. A vanilla flavor adds softness. On the finish, juicy acidity cuts in to give a crisper feel.
The 49% of Sémillon in this rich wine gives it a full, ripe character. It is backed up by the more herbal Sauvignon Blanc to add the freshness. The wine is fruity with citrus and white stone fruits, ready to drink from 2017.
Sweet oak perfume comes from 25% new French barrels. The oak influence is well integrated with ripe fruit, firm tannins, good concentration and medium-full body. They add up to an enticing, complex and delicious wine that is very lively, a bit lean, and will age through at least 2019.
Plum and berry aromas are mild and a bit metallic. A drawing, grapy mouthfeel and generic but solid flavors of blackberry and blueberry finish with a touch of oak. This doesn't have a ton of character, but it's balanced and tasty.
A lighter style Pinot made to drink now, and the price makes it a good value. It's elegant and silky, with nice raspberry, cola and cherry flavors. Production was 50,000 cases, making it easy to find.
Made predominantly from Chardonnay and Pinot Bianco, this opens with delicate white flower and orchard fruit aromas. The bright palate offers yellow apple, lemon and rosemary flavors, set against fresh acidity.
Prune and lead pencil are the key aromas, and there's raisin in the background. The palate offers a mix of lushness and pulsing acid shocks, while the flavors are dark, sweet and pruney. Short on the finish and overall it's more dark and sultry than your average Graciano.
This is an elegant, heady Chardonnay beaming in floral jasmine aromas, honey and oak. Bright on the palate, it offers lively acidity and an abundance of pineapple and mango, tropical in all the right ways.
This is a ripe rounded wine. It has generous apricot and red-berry fruits that are lifted by spice. The schist soil gives a mineral edge to the wine while the acidity in the background is just right to give this wine its crisp aftertaste. Drink this balanced wine now.
From vines in the vineyards behind the Côtes de Nuits, this wine is warm, smooth and ripe. It offers yellow fruits as well as rich apple and enough acidity to give a crisp edge. It's attractive and will be ready to drink from 2018.
Earthy aromas of saline, minerals and iodine dominate herbal fruit notes. This has a tomatoey, high-acid feel and rubbery tannins, while flavors of salty, briny red plum and currant finish similarly. A good mouthfeel is the highlight on this briny Monastrell.
Chocolaty oak aromas rest heavily atop notes of scrub brush, briar patch and red fruits. This Pinot feels juicy but scouring and grating. Flavors of buttery oak, plum and raspberry are both woody and tart, while this is punchy on the finish. Give this another year or two and it may knit together better than now.
This is a newish producer making Pinot in Marin, the county between San Francisco and Sonoma. The wine is dry, crisp, elegant and medium-bodied, showing cola, cherry liqueur and spicy vanilla flavors. It's a promising Pinot whose next step is to build in additional layers of complexity.
The name refers to a French 8-line poetry format. Here are very pretty aromas, creating an elegant expression of Cabernet, approachable but not too light. The tannins are nicely rounded, the fruit retains its primary berry and cassis flavors, and wraps in a little bit of black olive also.
Mature black fruit, toast and spice aromas lead the nose. The firm palate is still tightly wound, offering baked black cherry, licorice and espresso balanced by youthfully assertive, taut tannins. Drink after 2019.
A baked, sweet, candied Malbec with a gritty, sugary mouthfeel and sweet, zappy cherry and plum flavors. Hot and breaks down on the finish. Rudimentary.
Sharp, tart and focused, this bright and well-defined wine offers raspberry and black cherry fruit flavors with some bite on the back end. It shows good concentration and length, with the depth and polish to age nicely for a decade or more.
This is certainly dramatic in structure, akin to a young Pauillac from Bordeaux, with concentrated currant, cherry, pencil lead and cedar flavors wrapped into youthfully hard tannins. It needs time, and should soften with increased complexity by 2009. Could reward with even longer cellaring, but '04 was not a great vintage.
Chalk, apricot honey and wisps of gasoline lead the aroma profile on this wine from electronic music DJ David deLaski and his wife, Anna. The couple have been making wine since 2012 with the help of Steve Clifton (of Brewer-Clifton & Palmina wines). On the palate, there is strong mandarin orange-driven acidity and remnants of the chalkiness, which together should give the wine aging potential. Drink today or buy a case and try every year to track what will be an insightful evolution.
Demure apple and pear aromas belie the intensely honeyed peach and tropical fruit flavors that burst from this feather-light nectar. A crush of lemon-lime acidity cuts through the sweetness, leading a long, laser-focused finish. Drinks well now, but will develop well through at least 2025.
Well-priced from estate-grown vineyards, Shannon Ridge's Chardonnay is smooth in lemon, ripe apple and pear, and easygoing and clean with a finish of pineapple and vanilla oak. A great go-to wine for white wine lovers.
The heady and concentrated bouquet of this wine leads with forward scents of blackberry liquor, black plum, bramble, cocoa nib and crushed violet. Medium weight and creamy on the palate, the texture is like crushed velvet and the flavors recall black-fruit preserves, mulled blackberries, black tea and licorice root. Drink now–2018.
An improvement over past vintages, thanks to the elegance of its fruit and the richness of its consistency. The wine is bursting with cherry and cassis flavors and it shows harmony and a firm, streamlined nature to its mouthfeel.
Cecilia Beretta is the top line of the Pasqua estate and this wine delivers the heat and power you'd normally expect from Amarone. It also imparts expansive notes of maple syrup, earth, cassis berry and distinct peanut or cashew aromas. It's chunky and chewy in the mouth with good length. Pair with game meat or aged cheese.
The initially ebullient florals and sweet apricot preserves in Sheldrake Point's standard Riesling gain elegance and subtlety from a bracing shower of acidity. Fresh stone-fruit flavors penetrate deeply on the off-dry palate before trailing off with a whisper of lime oil.
This wine is dryish, crisp in acidity and clean in the finish. It has ripe apricot, orange, pineapple, grapefruit, mango and honey flavors, whose sweet finish makes it a great partner to Chinese food.
This is fresh and citrusy, with melony fruit and ample weight on the palate but also enough backbone to keep the flavors taut and focused. Drink it over the next year or so.
Sweet new oak stands out, giving this Cabernet caramel aromas and flavors. But the oak is perfectly in keeping with the wine's massive power. Underneath the wood char is a dry, tannic wine with rich blackberry and currant flavors. It's a bit disjointed now, needing time for everything to mesh together. Could be really something around 2015.
This is not a successful Sleepy Hollow Vineyard bottling. The cold vintage took its toll, resulting in a wine whose cherry and tart cranberry flavors are cut through with a streak of green veggies. Drink up.
Slightly sour orange-cranberry aromas meet with a touch of sagebrush on this wine from an increasingly popular vineyard at the eastern edge of the Sta. Rita Hills. The even-keeled, very drinkable flavors surround tongue-tantalizing spice, light red fruit and a little caramel on the finish.
A beautiful Zinfandel from a winery with lots of know-how. The wine is medium-bodied, with a graceful structure of finely ground tannins that makes it drinkable right away. The flavors are pure mountain Zin, intense in peppery currants, cocoa and licorice.
This is a light but classy take on Oregon Pinot, with leaf and herb in front of spicy cranberry and sour cherry fruit. The balance is fine-tuned and the wine carries the elegance of the grape through a persistent finish.
A big, juicy, well-heeled Malbec, it holds dark blackberry flavor and dusty tannins. Swirling among the smoothness of the palate are rugged tobacco, tropical coconut and vanilla notes. The wine is structured and generously robust in every way.
Pale pink in color, this primarily Grenache- and Cinsault-based rosé (which also has five other grapes involved) shows light watermelon, orange rind and crushed chalk on the nose. There is buoyant citrusy energy to the sip, which goes down incredibly easy.
Cuatro implies four grapes blended together, and the nose on this Tempranillo/Cab/Merlot/Syrah mix is a bit leathery and tight. In the mouth, it's linear and borderline lean, with plum and bramble flavors backstopped by tomato and herb notes. Juicy, intense and solid, but not overly generous or evolved. Typical Somontano red wine.
A little sweet and candy simple, this Zin shows blackberry, cherry and raspberry flavors that have a pie-filling taste. The firm tannins call for a grilled steak.
A blend of grapes from several vineyards, this is named for a famous jazz tune. The blending both softens and expands the mid-palate, and seems to have boosted the aging curve. It's ready to drink, with strawberry fruit, a dusting of cocoa, a hint of wet cement, and a finish with cola and sassafras.
Beautifully fragrant, with intense, polished berry and currant fruit flavors, more than a light sniff of fresh mushroom and lovely herbs. This is a truly remarkable effort, elegant and complex. There are nuances of blood,  and garrigue, and just the right amount of whole cluster (about 20%) giving definition and texture through the finish.
Priced just above the Best Buy level, Quatro is still a great value. MontGras brings Cabernet, Malbec, Carmenère and Syrah together in a well-meshed way. The wine is big and full of blackberry fruit. It has some woody characteristics, but mostly it's harmonious as it builds to a nice finish of mocha and fine tannins.
This is a finely made, easy to drink wine. It is soft, round, with spice and light tannins, a wine that would travel to parties, barbecues and pasta bakes. The acidity from the blackberry flavor keeps it fresh and fruity.
Made in a leaner, racier style than most California Viogniers, this has mineral, tangerine and apricot flavors, with considerable acidity.
This wine offers some cola, sage and fresh menthol notes. It's an elegant package with aromatic intensity, balanced acidity and firm, tight structure. The wine is lean, compact and tight and needs another 5–10 years to come into focus.
90-92 Barrel sample. Dark, dry and tannic this wine currently offers little in the way of fruit. The tannins are firm, solidly based and only hinting at the fruit underneath. It's a tough wine at the moment, but the structure will certainly see it into a good maturity.
Made from Zinfandel, this darkly colored blush wine is heavy and sugary sweet in cherries, vanilla and cinnamon spice.
Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot split the blend with 8% Syrah in addition. The opening scents are toasty and inviting, and the wine enters the palate smooth and agreeable, with pretty red fruits. There's a lick of licorice and then the flavors seem to lighten up and finish tart and astringent. But decant this and let it breathe, and the wine can surprise with its staying power.
Very light in color and silky in body, but rich and elegant in flavor, this is a fine Pinot. It shows dry flavors of cherries, cola, sassafras, cedar, vanilla and dusty Asian spices. Drink now.
Medium bodied and soft in texture, this wine has a pale, brownish-gold color, butter and vanilla flavors, and a lingering vanilla finish.
Black cherry, underbrush and tilled soil aromas lead the nose of this blend of 70% Sangiovese, 25% Cabernet Sauvignon and 5% Merlot. The polished yet firmly tannic palate delivers dark plum, cake spice and white pepper flavors. Enjoy through 2019.
An aromatic tour de force, this perfumed wine offers hypnotic notes of flowers, green olive, asparagus, sea breeze, mineral, peat, smoke flowers and an earthy funk, showing layers of complexity. The palate's lithe frame belies the richness of the smoke, fire pit and grilled meat flavors that linger.
Deep cherry, sagebrush and cola are laid across wet slate and purple flowers on a complex nose in this appellation-wide blend from Richard Sanford's team. Crushed wild herbs, like mint, sage, thyme and pine needle are prominent on the palate, backed up by a splash of red fruit.
Bracing aromas of lemon and grapefruit meld into spice, caramel and red apple on the palate of this zesty off-dry Riesling. It's spry and lean yet juicy and gulpable. Drink now through 2019.
Aromas espresso, toasted oak and a whiff of exotic spice lead the nose while the evolved palate shows mocha, oak and a note of dried black cherry before a rather abrupt finish. It's shy on freshness and lacks the fruit richness needed to stand up to the dominant wood sensations.
Fresh, apple-flavored wine, full of white fruits and a tangy, bright acidity. The wine is deliciously fresh, with stone fruit acidity on the finish.
A lemon-flavored wine that is crisp and fruity. It is packed with lively ripe fruit flavors, pure juiciness and freshness. Drink now.
This feels scouring and rough, and the raisin and currant flavors finish green and sharp.
This blend of 55% Viognier, 30% Marsanne and 15% Roussanne has never been better. It's loaded with juicy stone fruits, accented with hints of tea tree oil and lemon verbena. A streak of black tea comes in gracefully as well, and along with its own unique flavor profile, it has the length and supple power of a very fine Chardonnay.
Briny aromas are less than fruity. This feels oily and round, with flavors of tropical fruits such as pineapple and mango set against nectarine and stone-fruit notes. Plump on the finish, with a slightly bitter aftertaste.
From the Bricco Boschis cru in Castiglione Falletto, this luminous Barolo offers pretty elements of wild berry, forest floor, leather, tar, licorice and eucalyptus. There's loads of power and personality here and the mouthfeel is elegant and long lasting. Drink after 2018.
A spicy sort of red, with earth, leather and forest aromas. Cassis, cherry and chocolate make for a tasty palate, although there's a bit of outsized tannin, oak and heat. Sturdy, medium in terms of lushness, and broad.
The soft and refreshing nose of mandarin peel plays about the nose. The palate conquers with the same purity and freshness of ripe citrus, aided by a pithy texture that helps to corral all the fruit. Wonderfully appetizing and full of charming mandarin and tangerine notions. Very lasting.
Fine-grained tannins course through this wine. It has good juicy currant fruits along with acidity. It feels lightweight, without great concentration, but is certainly immediately attractive.
This doesn't disappoint. It's a Cabernet-based blend, with Merlot and Syrah. The '03 is lushly soft but dry and rich, with ripe, velvety tannins framing intense blackberry, coffee, tobacco and spice flavors. Should hit its stride by the end of 2007, and glide down for a couple of years after.
Green-streaked barnyard aromas couple with black cherries and tobacco in this varietally true offering. Medium-weight on the palate, maybe even a bit low in acidity. Decent, but doesn’t truly sing.
Mild aromas of peaches and nectarines lead into a fairly full-bodied wine that ends with notes of grapefruit and lemon.
Sparkling Shiraz may not be something you pour every day, but this is one worth reaching for. It delivers lots of upfront berry fruit and lashings of dark chocolate, then finishes relatively dry and clean.
This is a very nice Riesling for drinking with today's ethnic fare. Although it's softer than you'd expect from this normally tart varietal, it's clean and spicy, with citrus, flower and honey flavors. The sweetness level is off-dry.
Scents of vanilla, peach, and coconut milk lead into well-defined fruit flavors that run from stone fruits to light tropical. There's plenty of acidity, good grip to the palate, and the wine shows heft through the middle. The finish fades gracefully with pleasing minerality.
A powerfully tannic wine, full of the mineral texture and dark structure of a fine Douro wine. It has rich berry and plum skin flavors with underlining from acidity. The tannins, still young, promise aging. Drink from 2017.
A lovely Chardonnay that's marked by a steely minerality that braces and provides structure to the pineapple, lemondrop, honey and buttered toast flavors. Feels really elegant and creamy in the mouth. Easy to find, with nearly 13,000 cases produced, and a good price for the quality.
Melon and pineapple fruit flavors offer something a little different from other white varieties, and while the wine is full and round in the mouth, it remains focused on the finish, a touch of honey balanced by citrusy notes. Drink now.
This is a beautiful red wine to drink now for its rich, ripe flavors and overall balance. It's soft in acids and fine in tannins, offering heady waves of black cherries, currants and chocolate. Easy to find, with nearly 75,000 cases produced.
This wine is mild and lightly fruity up front, with aromas of pear, apple, vanilla and other warm-climate standards. Feels round, with pear, peach and white pepper flavors. Turns bitter on the short finish.
Edmeades' longtime winemaker is Van Williamson, nicknamed “Vanimal,” and he makes big, bold reds. This may be his highest-alcohol ever. At 17%, it's dry and velvety, with fresh, fruity flavors of blackberries, cherries and vanilla-chocolate. There's no denying its deliciousness, but you'll have to decide if this heady, only-in-California wine suits you.
Exuberant in perfume, it conveys heady notes of honey, tangerine and mimosa that linger gorgeously through the palate. It's delicate in mouthfeel, yet almost shockingly penetrating with sweet peach and citrus flavors accented with punchy lemon acidity. Finishes long with an elegant swathe of green florals.
This dry Riseling is richly mouthfilling and intensely mineral, with delicate stone-fruit flavors that mingle with notes of wax and orange rind. It's lush and full  bodied, but balanced with tart lemon acidity and a drying astringency on the finish.
This medium-bodied, softly tannic wine is ready to drink. Scents of vanilla, cedar and black cherry surge from the glass, while the flavors follow in a similar vein, just adding a pleasant touch of leather before finishing crisp and mouthwatering.
Like the Chilean Merlot of olden days, this one is fairly mulchy and astringent. And it's also a bit old tasting, with some core berry fruit but mostly earthy flavors and forced spice. Some red fruit on the finish helps it, but still there isn't much essence to this wine.
White currant aromas give an exotic character that is confirmed by the spice and ripe apricot flavors. Acidity is bright and fresh while the aftertaste moves the wine more to a warmer character.
Grapes come from both the Knights Valley and Napa County for this wine, named by former model and Real Housewife Brandi Glanville. Bold as Brandi, it shows a hit of oak around thick waves of anise, vanilla and melon, ready for anything.
Dry and well-acidified, this Viognier has a steely, citrus rind tartness to the pineapple jam and honeysuckle flavors. Yet there's something funky and yeasty going on that doesn't belong.
High-toned aromas of cocoa, barrel spice, vanilla and dark fruit lead to plentiful, focused fruit and barrel flavors. The flavors linger on the finish.
Sweetly floral on the nose and palate, with hints of peach gummy candy, this off-dry Muscat sparkling might seem a bit confected, but it's nicely concentrated, with pure, clean flavors of peach and apricot nectar. Aggressive on the attack and finishes briskly.
Made entirely with Sangiovese, this easy-drinking wine opens with subdued aromas of toast, espresso, aromatic herb and a whiff blue flower. The round straightforward palate offers dried wild cherry, walnut and star anise alongside supple tannins. Drink through 2018.
Dry Creek Vineyard turns to the cooler Russian River Valley to source this deliciously crisp Chardonnay. It has spicy flavors of baked green apples, pineapple jam, butterscotch, vanilla and wonderfully exotic figs. Low alcohol gives it perfect balance.
From the owners of Château de Cérons, this wine is rich with tropical fruit flavors and toasty from wood-aging. It's warm and ripe, its smoothly textured Sémillon lifted by Sauvignon Blanc. Drink now.
Barolo Roere presents charred notes of charcoal or campfire that will relax with time but that mask some of the wine's natural fruit at this young age. The wine shows good structure and freshness and would make a perfect pairing partner to pork crown roast stuffed with chestnuts and sage.
While the nose takes some time to open, crisp lemon, green apple and pear on the palate are vital and fresh here. It's a zingy, brut-style sparkling wine made entirely from Chardonnay with bold, mouthfilling foam. Delicate caramel and sugar cookie tones embellish a long finish.
Chunky in the nose, with a touch of tomato, oak, chocolate and wet dog. Looks heavy and dark in the glass, which tips off the round, hefty mouthfeel. There's a grapey/raisiny quality to the fruit, which is low-acid. The finish is smooth enough, with unassertive tannins and ample length.
A new proprietary blend comprised of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot, this fruit-forward wine has a lot to like, blessed by soft layers of crème de cassis and a layering of nutmeg. Mouthfillingly juicy, with good length, it offers structure and approachability at a fair price.
Dry and acidic, this has flavors of green mint and sour cherry candy. Not likely to improve with age, but give it an hour in the decanter to let it soften.
Old gold in color, this Moscatel has been aged in wood to concentrate its intense flavors. It has flavors of marmalade, dried raisins, so sweet yet flushed through with acidity. The aftertaste is smooth, like syrup.
Smooth and full bodied, this is packed with robust peach, pear, apple, lime and candied pineapple. There's a streak of vanilla custard from time in new oak, and length-extending minerality. This just keeps on going in the most delightful fashion.
Cooked blackberries, baked black plum, grape candy and lilac touches show on the nose of this bottling, which is easy to like and uncomplicated. Violet floral flavors kick off the palate, followed by coffee spice, cedar and dark berry fruit, all framed by moderate tannic tension.
Named after Roman emperor Probus, who allowed the replanting of vines in France, this finely mature wine is smooth, with a dry core. That structure supports secondary flavors and spice, which add to its juicy acidity and overall richness. Drink now.
This has a rather subdued nose, while the palate offers citrus, pear and chopped herb notes. It's elegant and linear but a bit lean, with an energizing mineral finish.
A focused bouquet of red-fruit scents, minerality and leather is pleasing and inviting. The palate feels tight and focused, with a mix of dried plum, raspberry, spice and herbal flavors. Spiciness continues onto the finish, which is dry, structured and solid in feel.
Bisol (one of Prosecco's most important wineries) has crafted a beautiful 2007 sparkler from the precious Cartizze cru that delivers a long succession of delicate mineral, peach, citrus and honey aromas. The wine feels soft and soothing in the mouth but ends with lively acidity. The only drawback is its high price.
Big, fresh, grapy aromas are the greeting on this nice but generic Malbec. The palate is plump and chunky yet bright and fruit-forward, with creamy flavors of dark plum and berry. A clean, focused, short finish functions as a good close.
Deep orange, almost amber in color, this boasts aromas of candied tangerine zest, ginger, mineral and a balsamic note. The aromas carry over to the palate along with white pepper, berry, apricot and anise, all offset with bright acidity. It's still fresh. Drink through 2021.
Exotically spicy, a wine that smoothly rides over its richness and density. The ripeness adds piquance to the earthy character of the flavors, dry tannins and a spicy meatiness. The aftertaste is full of juicy blackberry.
A nice selection for poolside entertaining, this bright and accessible Chenin Blanc offers attractive aromas and flavors of guava, melon and orange marmalade that are balanced by vibrant acidity. Ripe and flavorful without being overdone.
Aged in all-new American oak, this vineyard-designate is light bodied and restrained, a nice surprise for the variety. Soft, simple and bright, it shows a warmth of plum cake and Christmas spice, ending in a rainfall of black pepper. A nuanced, quiet wine, it should be enjoyed in its youth.
Here's a sound, drily tannic Zinfandel to drink with roasted meats and hearty stews. It's dry and spicy, with blackberry, currant, herb and coffee flavors that finish with a hint of raisins. Ready now.
92–94. Barrel sample. The diminutive neighbor of Château Pavie, Pavie Decesse's wine has its own, more mineral, tight character. It is complex but fruity, with blackberries supported by wood, acidity and dense texture.
Incredibly inviting aromas of boysenberry-blackberry pie, deep red raspberry, anise and tobacco greet the nose. This wine is soft on the palate, with cherry and berry fruit that give way to layer upon layer of black sage, licorice, espresso, mocha dust and dark chocolate chips.
Smells big and full but also soupy, stewed and herbal. The texture and feel are commendable, while the flavor profile includes candied red fruit, herbal notes and stewed meat. Feels choppy on the finish, with chewiness and flavors of chocolate and herbs.
This Barbaresco's pressed violet, Asian spice, menthol and woodland berry aromas lift out of the glass. Fresh, structured and elegant, the palate evokes juicy Marasca cherry, pomegranate, white pepper and a blast of orange zest while youthfully assertive tannins and racy acidity provide support. Drink after 2024.
Peachy, crisp aromas are mild but standard. It feels puckery and tight, with some spritz. Flavors of tangerine, orange and lemon are tangy but not sour, while the finish is long and chalky in feel. Drink immediately.
Rather dilute wine, it does have some fresh cherry flavors with very soft tannins and a clean line of acidity. For the vintage, it could have done wth more concentration.
Here's a wonderfully fresh and tangy Chianti Classico (Sangiovese with a tiny element of Canaiolo) that opens with a bright, ruby appearance and tangy notes of wild berry, white almond and blue violet. The mouthfeel is fresh and focused.
Mallorca gives us this ripe but intriguing mix of Mantonegro, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah. The new oak on the nose is plentiful, and along with that there's asphalt and marshmallow. The palate is full with berry and plum flavors, and there's a fleshy and plump character to the finish. A worthy wine from off the beaten path.
Here's a fresher, more youthful approach to Tocai Friulano with crisp notes of exotic fruit, acacia flower and citrus. Those spring flower notes add a very attractive dimension to the wine and the variety's natural structure helps carry those crisp favors to the finish.
This ripe, all-fruit wine tastes unoaked because a lush blend of apple, peach and pear crowds the aromas, and more of the same fruitiness expands in the flavors. The mouthfeel is especially gentle, and the finish almost sweet.
A medium-bodied, easy-drinking Côtes du Rhône, with modestly concentrated cherry fruit and some earthy elements. Drink now.
Kind of harsh in dry, astringent tannins, with undeveloped coffee flavors just suggesting blackberries, this is a tough wine to like.
Aromas steadily emerge on this bottling of mountaintop grapes, with golden apple oil, condensed honeysuckles, lemon bars and dried mango slices showing the slightest hint of tropicality. The palate is equally deep, with soft white peach sliding into sea salt, dried apples and nut oil, all culminating in a warm, lengthy browned-butter finish.
This is another stunner from Pellet Estate, from a high-elevation vineyard within the proposed Petaluma Gap appellation, which is highly influenced by fog and wind. Wet stone notes and a crisp, lemony acidity suggest freshness, neither detracting from body or texture.
This Christian Roguenant wine, which translates to “Red Falcon,” offers a plump and inviting nose of black plum, cherry, cinnamon,and gingerbread aromas, with a touch of crushed slate. The palate tightens up remarkably, revealing gravel notes and dark berry fruit, proving minerally throughout the sip.
Whiffs of pollen and saffron lend shades of nuance to this otherwise perky sun-kissed Kabinett. Sweet yellow peach and apricot flavors are honeyed and plush, but balance out nicely through a crisp, lime-tinged finish. Drink now.
From old vines in selected vineyards, this wine is richly endowed with dense black fruits and dusty tannins. Full bodied and intense with a ripe, jammy character, its fruit concentration is bolstered by wood aging. Drink from 2018.
Consistency of richness and caramel toastiness characterizes this wine year in and year out. This vintage exudes both the full-bodied style embraced by the producer as well as the voluptuously ripe and wholesome fruit that comes off of the vineyard in a year like 2012. Dark gold in color, it offers salty, savory accents around a core of lemon-specked minerality. Surreal and effete, it finishes with flair.
A fresh style of late harvest Riesling, which favors currants, almonds and fruit salad flavors. It is poised and elegant, giving ripeness but not overt sweetness. There is fine acidity to finish.
The sweet, oddly spicy nose stirs some intrigue, and that's likely derived from the Grenache. Yet despite reasonably good flavors, it bounces along like a truck on a gravel road. It just doesn't have much balance, mouthfeel or charm.
This excellent producer makes a lovely, copper-colored rosé, which sends up fresh and inviting aromas that suggest fresh-baked apple pastries. Baking spices, cinnamon in particular, liven up the scents and flavors, and the wine seems crisp, balanced and full in the mouth. It's a complete, nicely evolved wine, which seems to be at the peak of flavor.
There's a little oak on this wine, just enough to give it a soft, smoky edge. Otherwise, the star is the Albariño grape, tart with acidity and juicy with citrus, green apple, peach and white-flower flavors. Try it as an interesting alternative to Pinot Gris.
Golden yellow in color, this aged, vintage cuvée is light and floral, with tastes of guava and fennel around a full, creamy texture and buoyant acidity. Disgorged in July 2014, it stays fresh and vibrant throughout the lengthy finish.
Gregory Graham's first Lake County Chardonnay, this wine has notes of vanilla custard, lemon and toasty oak.
Voluptuously succulent and welcoming, this coastal wine seduces with its caramel apple, pear and preserved lemon flavors, edged with high-toned acidity and an exotic touch of seaspray. That sense of the sea plays out on the palate in texture, too, with a stony note that lingers in nutty spice.
Damaris is a wine whose sourcing keeps shifting, from Bien Nacido to Sonoma County. Now it's Sonoma Valley. The wine is dominated by oak, all vanilla and char, but isn't very interesting down below. The flavors are citrusy, just not big enough for a wine with this famous a name.
Fun and quenching, this crisp, informal sparkler delivers ripe green apple and pear flavors. Vibrant acidity gives it a clean finish.
Gentle, aromatic notes of ripe apricot appear first, followed by a little smoke. The palate comes in like a clarion call of lemony, brisk, citric freshness. This wine is streamlined and crystal clear, with a defined outline and a stony, concentrated core. With all its power it is muscular but suave and ultraclean.
There's no question about the huge richness of this wine—it is there from the initial aroma. It is smooth, totally voluptuous, immediately appealing. The flavors are of the sweetest runny honey, matched with acidity to emphasize the ripe peach and dried apricot flavors.
With all fruit coming from Dineen Vineyard, this wine shows alluring aromas of honeysuckle, melon, pear and zesty spices. It drinks almost dry, with the flavors tapering slightly toward the finish.
Heady alcohol gives this Zin a jalapeño pepper heat that packs a real punch when combined with wild berry jam, dried currant and chocolate flavors. The tannins are thick and smooth and the finish rich with glycerine. Great with barbecued beef or short ribs.
Aromas of roasted savory berry fruits and baked beans are solid. This Merlot exhibits good grip on a medium-bodied palate. Salty earthy flavors of berry fruits and dry oak finish leafy and spicy.
Monolith is a Bordeaux-style blend—mostly Cabernet Sauvignon—that's dark, smooth and smoky. Citrus scents adorn the deep fruit, which resolves in earthy, substantial tannins. The wine spent 22 months in 100% new French oak, yet the barrel notes seem muted, and the intense fruit is certainly up to the challenge.
Ripe orchard fruit, mature citrus and honey aromas set the tone. On the structured palate, sage and toasted almond notes add interest to mature yellow peach fruit while a hint of lemon drop lends a tangy finish.
For food lovers, there's nothing better than a quality Barbera to pair with cheesy pasta or oven-roasted lasagna. This is a thicker, more extracted expression than Arbiola's Carlotta with elaborate oak renderings and ripe, juicy berry and cherry flavors. This is one big and bold Barbera.
A beautiful rosé, bone dry, crisp and silky but rich, with intricate flavors of strawberries, rose petals, citrus and cinnamon spice. This is a good price for a blush of this purity.
Crisp red cherry and berry notes are elegant and youthful on this bright, sprightly wine. It's concentrated in flavor but delicately styled with faint hints of spice and toast. Finishes moderately long with sturdy but fine-grained tainnins that linger. Drink now.
A very nice Cabernet at a great price for the quality. It's dry and smooth, with rich Napa tannins framing classic Cab flavors of blackberries, black currants, minerals and cedar. Tastes like it costs three times as much.
From a vineyard created by Antonia Ferreira, the grande dame of the Douro, this wine is produced by one of her descendants. It is fragrant, fresh and with great fruitiness. Initially soft and rounded it also has a fine bite of acidity and a tight, mineral aftertaste.
Made in a ripe style, this Cab bursts with jammy black currant, plum and coffee flavors that finish rich and sweet. But it's also got a firm texture, with fine-grained tannins and a keen edge of acidity. The result is a balanced and stylish Cab that should hold for at least seven years.
Soft red fruits, with tannins that give a firm core. The wine is pierced through with acidity, touched with strawberry jam. In keeping with the vintage, the wine is light, acidity surging on the finish.
Whiffs of candle wax and lime zest accent pretty floral notes on this slightly off-dry Riesling. Flavors of yellow cherries and peach are juicy and ripe on the palate, extended through the finish with steely streaks of mineral and acid. It's an elegant wine with power and complexity.
This wine from the Côte Chalonnaise is a lighter style of Chardonnay than Leflaive's rich Côte de Beaune wines. It's a delicious lightly toasty wine that has crisp acidity and a strong and refreshing dose of lemon juice. The wine is creamy at the end. It will be ready to drink from 2017.
From a small parcel of land on the slopes of the Serra de Aire hills, this firm textured, cool-climate wine shows structure and depth. The fruit weight is concentrated with plum and juicy black currant flavors, rotating around a dry core of tannins. Age this complex wine and drink after 2015.
Right out of the bottle, this Pinot smells grapy and winy, almost as though it were still fermenting. It's young, rude and fresh, but very rich in cherries, with a pie-filling sweetness. Should be fine by this winter.
This is the kind of wine that negociant Don Sebastiani & Sons produces so well. For an everyday price, you get a pretty nice Cabernet, dry and spicy, with a good punch of berry fruit.
Juicy pineapple, mango and citrus notes lend a tropical feel to this penetrating, yet light bodied, Pinot Gris. Off dry in style, it's dancingly light on its feet, with a revitalizing shower of acidity that lingers through the finish.
Not for everyone but not a bad sweet wine for desserts and cheeses. The nose is hard to describe but the palate and flavors are familiar: sweet applesauce and sugared pastry along with mango and candy. Decent acidity keeps it fresh and moving forward. Imported by Admiral Imports.
The fruit came from the Glenrose Vineyard and underwent a 30-day maceration before spending three years in puncheon. The wonderful nose shows chocolate-covered dried cherries, stewed plum, sweetened leather and an almost teriyaki umami. The palate is framed by silky, fine-grained tannins with acidity that's still fresh, along with roasted game, cooked cherry and more tanned leather flavors.
Rough and sharp in the mouth, with a jagged, piercing mouthfeel, despite well-ripened cherry and blackberry flavors. Not going anywhere, so drink up.
This Romanian Riesling has aromas of peach, lemon blossom and honeysuckle. In the mouth there are flavors of apricot and lemon zest. The finish is clean and a bit astringent.
A finely textured wine, showing black currant jelly fruits, spice and a touch of green herbs. The wine has a juicy character, becoming soft in the mouth, the acidity becoming dominant.
Fruity and lightly herbaceous, this has fine textured acidity along with a pink grapefruit flavor. The wine is bright and easy, and it will be ready to drink in a few months.
Dark, full, generous and ripe to the far edge of elegance, this powerful Pinot is saturated with black fruits, annotated with fennel, pepper, smoke and espresso, the rich and varied flavors rolling right through a lush midpalate and on into a gently fading finish. Retasted over 24–48 hours, it continued to evolve and develop additional nuances. A wine to cellar for a decade or more.
Here's a Syrah that's rich and full-bodied enough to stand as an inexpensive replacement for something far more costly. It has elaborate flavors of blackberries, cherries, coffee, leather, and white pepper, and is fully dry and balanced, with a long finish. From Fess Parker.
A big, black-colored wine, impressively rich. Fermented in open stone lagars, it has an opulent ripe character, the black fruits sweet and generous. At the same time, the dense tannic structure promises good aging. Keep for 5–6 years or more.
A blend of Syrah, Grenache and Cabernet Sauvignon, this unwooded red features warm, spicy aromas and flavors of dark fruit, cinnamon, clove and hints of black pepper. Dry and savory on the finish.
This smooth, rich wine shows both ripe fruit and wood aging flavors. It has a mineral texture, plenty of citrus as well as pear and peach flavors, the whole gathered into toastiness. It would benefit from another year, so drink from 2015.
This has a nutty, almond character that is integrating with the crisp texture. Taut and generous, this has richness, with a wood and citrus character. Age for another year.
Shows the slight tug of herbaceousness that often marks Carneros/Napa Chardonnays. But it's very dry and crisp, and there's a minerality that helps this lemon- and lime-flavored wine pair cleanly with shellfish, salmon or just a good roast chicken.
Cool-climate Chard, with crisp, outspoken acidity and flinty flavors. A scour of fresh lime and mineral hits in the middle, leading to sweet oak on the aftertaste.
Not much different than the basic Sarria rosado, with maybe a touch more concentration and richness. The nose is a bit dusty, with good berry fruit notes and a whiff of cherry blossom. The palate is wet and fresh, with raspberry and plum-skin flavors. Crisp and refreshing.
A lean, restrained style of Barossa Cabernet, with minty, herbal aromas and crisp cassis fruit. Nicely balanced, and it should drink well over the next several years.
A soft, gentle, easy Merlot, with cherry-cocoa flavors. It's dry and balanced.
A concentrated, ripe wine, full of toasty new wood flavors as well as dark berry tannins and acidity. It is dense, full in the mouth and packed with ripe fruit. Drink from 2016.
This wine is all fruit, crisp and with plenty of herbaceousness. A smoother character comes from the Sémillon in the blend that also gives richness. The wood aging shows only lightly, leaving fruitiness at the end.
Here is a very satisfying white wine from northern Italy that offers extreme freshness on the bouquet along with a creamy, silky structure at the end. Pair this Roero Arneis with seafood risotto or steamed mussels.
Apples and crisp pears give this wine its intensely fresh character. It has bright acidity that shoots right through the wine, resulting in a tangy texture. Drink now.
The winery's largest-production Cabernet Sauvignon and that's still minuscule by most standards, this lovely wine is lean in firm tannins and dark plum, with a sprinkling of coconut flakes and vanilla. Spring for the single-vineyard offerings for a fuller experience.
There's no shortage of barrel-driven hickory, coffee and chocolate on this modern-style Rioja, but there's also a spike of green on the nose and at the core of the flavor profile. Surrounding that is bright blackberry, amplified tannins and bursting acidity. Needs air upon opening—that, or more time in the cellar.
This is a gorgeous Sauvignon from northern Italy that demonstrates true varietal characteristics of exotic fruit, citrus and tomato leaf. The mouthfeel is sharply etched and crisp with a very tonic and steely feel.
Lots of bang for your buck with this rich, full-bodied young Merlot. It's dry and fruity, with black cherry, black currant, licorice and cedar flavors, wrapped into fine, firm tannins. Shows real Napa class.
Impressive from start to the very long finish, and even better than the splendid '06. Rich and full-bodied, this Bordeaux blend is marked by soft, sweet tannins and concentrated, oak-infused flavors of blackberries, black currants and chocolate, with complexing notes of olives and smoked meats. Should develop for up to a decade.
This plump, succulent Riesling offers up scents of honey, ripe pears and even some slate-driven minerality, then follows through on the palate with crisp pear and citrus flavors, underscored by wet stones. Fresh and clean, it's an ideal apéritif, but would also work well with various Asian dishes.
Quite minerally on the nose, with flint and some pickled vegetable to boot. Grapefruit, green apple and lemon-lime flavors carry the palate to a finish that is tart and tight. Seems to pick up speed along the way, thus it finishes better than it starts. Imported by Negociants USA, Inc.
This textured, mineral Chardonnay has fresh apple and strong citrus flavors. It is lively, crisp and ready to drink. The producer is a member of Terroirs Originels of Beaujolais and Burgundy's Mâcon.
Delicately perfumed with bright red-fruit aromas, this is a light, fruity, forward wine that is ready to drink now. Acidity cuts through the palate and soft tannins linger on the finish.
Green Valley vineyards figure prominently in this appellation wine, providing delicate, layered acidity and crisp, savory, succulent fruit. Cranberry, cherry and black tea flavors ripple through its bright texture, accented with clove, cola and cedar.
Heavy and gold in color, with aromas of browned butter, wheat and corn cakes. The bouquet and color are heavy, and so is the palate: There you get oak barrel and toast, but little to no fruit. Even the finish is woody, with just a hint of melon and banana. A good experimental wine for those eager to taste oak; otherwise steer clear.
A solid wine, rich in oak-inspired orange, apricot and Asian pear flavors, with a spicy, creamy finish. The acidity is notable, making this Chardonnay brisk and clean.
Chardonnay is the sweet spot in the white wine lineup (along with Riesling, of course). Big, bright and buttery, with plenty of legit oak highlights—none of this fake vanilla or microwave popcorn excess. Bacon fat, smoke and toast match the big, round, rich fruit.
A mix of melon, tropical fruit and passion fruit aromas lead to a tight palate with just enough body weight to not be austere. Flavors of white pepper, citrus and celery are modest on the finish, which tastes briny.
Ripe and luscious, Alicante Bouschet gives this wine its color and intensely smoky, spicy tannic structure. The texture is dusty, with black chocolate as well as black plums adding concentration and aging potential. Drink this wine from 2019.
Caramelly and sweet, without the usual complexity or elegance that are Dow's hallmarks. Smoother and silkier than run-of-the-mill tawnies, but a disappointing effort given the house's fine track record.
This winery has really figured out how to make fruit flavors that are remarkably delicious, and this wine displays that talent admirably. It just bursts with the tastiest stone fruit flavors, but they're dry, and the wine's balance is impeccable.
Sharp, piercing aromas of pineapple and steel yield a bit prior to a tangy, citrusy palate. There's some chalk and slate on the finish, which adds an element of complexity. The only noticeable fault here is a candied sweetness at the tail end
This dependable blend offers vanilla, cedar and tobacco on the nose and sweet cigarbox, cherry and pepper flavors. Vibrant but balanced, it's a great go-to red that will pair well with pastas, pizza, steak.
An earthy, traditional tasting wine, expressing the dark schist terroir of the Douro. The structure is taut, dry, tannic, but it leaves room for a wine that has some volatility and blackberry juice flavors.
This is a classic Dom Pérignon vintage. It's big and fruity initially, a mouthful of ripeness. Then the texture and structure of this dense wine come through. It's as much wine as Champagne, rich, the apple and fresh pear flavors vying with yeasty and a tense crispness. Worth aging, it will be even better in 3–4 years.
A light-drinking, high-acid white that's crisp with layers of floral-laced citrus and herb. An enjoyable sipping wine or one that'll pair easily with fresh seafood.
Radiator dust and Animal Cracker aromas are not typical of Sauvignon Blanc. On the palate, this opens with mild citric notes but quickly shifts to flatness. Pithy orange and apricot flavors finish yeasty, with a distant hint of citrus zest.
This seductive, beautiful Mourvèdre includes 22% Syrah, showing big berry fruit and an irresistable earthy, smoky quality wrapped around notes of leather and meat. This is a testament to Amador's increasing quality, and Andis is a producer to watch.
Scents of leather, smoke and mint give this Bordeaux-style red blend a savory intrigue. It has an open and finessed texture, but the acidity jumps high toward the finish, making the wine border on feeling shrill. Try pairing it with seared lamb chops with tapenade to help tame the acidity.
McLaren Vale is not renowned for its white wines, yet this Chardonnay is a very good, appealing sip. It's medium-sized with apple and pear aromas and flavors dominating. It's not noticeably oaky, either; a fresh, please-all style. 2,002 cases produced.
A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot, this bears flavors of cherry, plum, grilled herb and pastry spice that are sustained by the chalky tannins and tender acids.
A blend of Zweigelt and the more tannic structure of Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah. The wine is powerful, darkly tannic with solid chocolate and black berry fruit characters. The acidity is layered into the sweet flavors, adding to the complex texture.
Immediate aromas of toasted oak and freshly shaved wood characterize this modern and densely extracted Brunello. The natural fruit aromas have a hard time getting through that thick layer of oak but the wine does tastes plush and soft on the finish.
This is overripe and hot, with raisin, prune and blackberry jam flavors. If you like this style, it's a good example of Paso Zinfandel.
This narrow, value-priced wine is unusual in its category because its dominating notes are earthy, woodsy ones, rather than forwardly fruity ones. Has edgy, wooly tannins that would make it a ready partner for some charbroiled meats. Imported by The Country Vintner.
Hints of lemon and blossom invigorate earthier, savory tones of nuts and pressed apples in this dry, medium-bodied Pinot Blanc. It's slightly restrained on the palate, finishing briskly on a smoky walnut-skin note.
From the flagship Médoc estate of Bordeaux negociant Dourthe, this wine is impressive, ripe and ready to age well. The wood aging still shows slightly but that is already compensated for by the ripe black-currant fruits from the 66% Cabernet Sauvignon and the generous texture. Drink this wine from 2023.
Full of red-fruit aromas, particularly plum and cherry. Feels raw, with wild berry, ample oak and a lot of acid-based tang to the palate. Lightly toasty, with a mild cherry flavor to the finish.
This sharp, spicy, herbaceous Sauvignon Blanc showcases the flavors of the Columbia Gorge AVA. It's a pungent wine, with sweet grassy flavors and a hint of toast, despite fermentation in stainless steel. Unusual but interesting.
This smells savory and roasted, like hickory, before turning earthy and stalky as it airs out. But overall it's firm on the palate, with roasted, oak-influenced flavors of savory berry and saline. Full on the finish, with healthy but not overly aggressive tannic bite.
A rare California sparkler made from the Riesling grape, and a pretty good one. It's slightly sweet, with very pretty flavors of oranges, vanilla, buttered toast and creamy lees. Good price for such a fancy sipper.
This is a beautiful, ripe, soft, perfumed wine. Its intense berry fruit is well to the fore, backed by firm tannins. Packed with fruit and smokiness from wood aging, it has strong aging potential. Drink from 2020.
An appealing blend of 55% Grenache, 33% Shiraz and 12% Mourvèdre, this offering from Hewitson boasts upfront scents of cherries, caramel and vanilla, then adds a hint of dark coffee or tree bark on the palate. The creamy texture and the lush fruit make this  easy to drink now and over the next few years.
One of the more interesting Spanish varietal blends in California for the last several vintages. The 07 is mainly Tempranillo, with Graciano and Garnacha. It's a very dry wine, soft and velvety in tannins, with a bite of acidity that makes it somewhat sharp. The flavors are mainly of cherries, with complex notes of green olives, cocoa, anise liqueur and sandalwood, and even a citrusy touch of tangerine zest. A satisfying alternative to Merlot or Syrah that grows more fascinating with each release. Definitely a wine to follow.
From a Calistoga vineyard, this is a wine Pet fans will celebrate. Inky black and concentrated, it's lush in pastry-filling blackberry, cherry, plum, chocolate and coffee flavors, and with twenty months in French oak, there's tons of vanilla, caramel char and sweet oak tannins.
Deep red-violet in color, this wine has a bouquet of raspberry, strawberry and lavender. It is complex but eminently pleasing on the palate, with chewy tannins and flavors of blackberry, leather, smoke, chocolate and coffee and a soft touch of iodine on the tenacious finish.
This is a lovely wine, based on Cabernet Sauvignon, but comprised of all five classic Bordeaux varieties. It's smooth in tannins and soft in acidity, with luxurious black cherry, blueberry, cassis, plum and new oak flavors. Drink now–2018.
This lightweight wine is dominated by juicy red fruit. Fresh in character, it has bright acids and soft tannins. Not a wine for aging.
A powerful, dark and tannic wine which reflects the power of this wine from 30-year old vines. It has great intense fruits, with some austerity at this young stage, but will ripen and richen over the next 5 years. Ferraton is partly owned by Chapoutier, and affect to call their Crozes-Hermitage and Hermitage by the older spelling of Ermitage.
This wine forms a beautiful union of sweet, spicy oak with dark, brooding fruit and black-pepper flavors from the grapes. It smells complex and spicy, like cinnamon, clove and cedar backed by concentrated flavors of black cherry, pepper and clove. Built to age, this will drink best after 2019.
A great and versatile food wine. Its polished flavors of lime, fig and apricot are drizzled with Oriental spices and smoky oak. One of California's  most consistent wines, and rich enough to stand in for Chardonnay.
This richly perfumed wine is firm with tannins, showing its high alcohol through a sharp peppery edge. It is dense and concentrated, almost too much so to pair with food.
A village Meursault, but one which has been treated like a cru, with layers of ripe wood balancing  the pure green- and white-fruit flavors. This is ready to drink now as it is well balanced and deliciously fresh.
Rich wine, a blend dominated by the rare Rotgipfler and Zierfandler, with great ripe layers of tropical fruits, peach and spice, perfectly balanced with full acidity. Fred Loimer of the Kamptal also produces this Schellmann brand in the Thermenregion, with concentrated dense and deliciously ripe wines. Screw cap.
Rosemount's most famous Chard is a success again, with ample nut, vanilla bean, hickory, grilled meat and stone fruit flavors, coming to a lemony point on the finish. A flamboyant style of wine, its smokiness a fine complement to fresh-off-the-grill seafood. Imported by Foster's Wine Estates Americas.
Expertly combines flavors of licorice, pepper and cherries in a surprisingly elegant format. The ripe tannins impart a silky texture to the wine in the mouth, and the cherries really expand on the finish. Drink now–2012.
This wine wears its 15.8% alcohol better than any similarly heady wine out there. Yes, it's a bit hot, but the heat comes across as a slight chili pepper edge to the blackberry and dark unsweetened chocolate flavors, and the wine is, in its own way, balanced and elegant. Hard to imagine a more perfect barbecue red.
This tastes bone dry, and it offers acidity that's so clean and racy, it makes your mouth feel like it's shining. The flavors of limes, lemons, hay, white pepper and vanilla are delightful.
Crisp and tight, it shows the more mineral, steely character of Pouilly Fuissé. It is fresh with green fruits and citrus, but the strong, firm texture dominates.
This wine's flamboyant aromas of passion fruit and cut grass are unfortunately not quite matched on the palate, where the flavors are more restrained. It's medium in body and rather lean, with a crisp, fully dry finish. The blend is 69% Sauvignon Blanc, 31% Semillon.
From a sun-baked region in the south, and this wine does show some of that heat in its slightly stewed fruit aromas and flavors. But there's also decent concentration, some pleasant strawberry and black pepper notes and a juicy, mouthwatering finish. Drink now. Imported by Aidil Wines & Liquor Inc.
Fresh, with a satisfying blend of creamy and herbaceous. Apricot and citrus meld easily into the clean texture and apple skin finish. Screwcap.
Crafted from five estate lots, Vino Noceto's Riserva is classic Foothills Sangiovese, with cranberry and dark cherry mingling around a light texture, high acidity and a smooth, caramel finish.
Mild aromas of apple cider bring no real aromatic gravitas. The feel is good but basic, with fresh acidity and wetness. Flavors of nectarine, peach pit and citrus finish dry, pithy and short.
This is a light Pinot Noir that tastes of barely ripe red cherries, and earthiness that almost veers into sauvage territory. The lightness carries through onto the finish, which is quick.
Super-fruity, with a fantastic range of blackberry, cherry, currant, blueberry, chocolate and anise flavors. Could be firmer in structure, though, as the texture is overly soft and melted.
Made with 30% Cannonau, 30% Carignano, 30% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Syrah, this offers aromas of black currant, cedar and a whiff of cooking spice. The firm palate delivers black cherry jam, clove and a hint of tobacco framed in chewy tannins. Enjoy through 2019.
Black currant and plum aromas come with a defined streak of minty green. The palate, meanwhile, feels boxed in by tannic grip. Flavors of prune, mint and herbal berry lead to an edgy finish with the flavors of carob and herbs.
This luminous Chardonnay from Tuscany offers intensely fragrant aromas of honeysuckle, stone fruit and citrus blossom. The wine is fresh and crisp in the mouth and there's enough natural glycerol to leave a creamy, smooth sensation.
There's a chalky minerality that carries from the nose to the palate of this bone-dry Hungarian rosé, adding a touch of elegance to the fresh red cherry and raspberry flavors. It is easy drinking and balanced in structure. Drink now.
All the elements of a good summer sipper are here. The citrus and spiced apple flavors, the crisp, minerally acidity and the clean, zesty feeling it leaves behind on the palate.
Standard cherry and plum aromas are fresh, clean and unadulterated by heavy oak, leather or earth notes. Feels clean and dry, with nice but standard red-berry and plum flavors. Has good flow and feel, with a light dusting of spice on the finish.
Hints of earthy spice and bark add interest to the somewhat muted blackberry and black plum aromas. The wine opens up more on the palate, revealing a lush and creamy texture, with dense blackberry flavors and a sweet oak and vanilla spice that lingers through the finish.
Looking for a stylish, elegant, low-alcohol, off-dry Riesling? Here it is. Under 11% alcohol, this floral, almost delicate wine is a breath of sweet air. A perfect mix of honeydew, Asian pear and ripe apple, it holds down center court with a delicious liveliness. Flavors extend, lightly kissed with honey, into a lingering, clean and sweetly fresh finish.
A delicious, fresh wine, all green and white fruits, citrus and a taut, tight structure. Green apples give a lively lift to the texture, the wine dancing easily across the mouth. Very appealing. Imported by Frederick Wildman & Sons, Ltd. Editors' Choice.
A strange one from start to finish, this opens with unusual floral aromas that include orange peel and vanilla cookie. The palate is flat-out messy, with jammy weight. Herbal, odd flavors of blueberry and cardamom finish heavy, with raisin and licorice notes.
This is classic Pinot Blanc, with pretty white flowers on the nose, a slight spritz enhancing lemony flavors in the mouth and a crisp, refreshing finish. Perfect for poolside sipping, particularly if there is some fish on the grill.
Fresh fruits dominate here. The wine is full of red cherry and bright acidity. The core of tannins is discreet, giving a soft, juicy character, offering easy, early drinking.
Soft and simple, with sweet, easy cherry and strawberry jam flavors and a silky texture.
Young and spicy, this easy-drinking Pinot Gris still shows some bite and some bitterness, perhaps from skin contact. Give it a little more bottle age, and drink it chilled, to bring out the tart fruit and cut the phenolics.
Wattle Creek's best Triple Play ever. A blend of Syrah, Viognier and Petite Sirah from this cool appellation in Mendocino County, the wine is dry, medium- to full-bodied, tannic and complex, with flavors of blackberries, currants, tobacco, smoked meat, cedar and scads of black pepper. Drink now for its sheer power and joy.
This project of Standing Sun winemaker John Wright, Counting Crows frontman Adam Durtiz and artist Felipe Molina rises to the occasion, with aromas of black pepper, olallieberry, bloody meats and lavender. The palate shows cola, Dr Pepper, exotic Indian spice and bright acidity, proving lively and lovely as it culminates in a black-pepper finish.
Dark and concentrated pomegranate and rosebud aromas meet with juniper and sweet pine needle on the nose of this bottling. The attack is a clean and flavorful, mixing dried cranberry and tangy cherry with thyme, marjoram and peppercorn, culminating in a camphor-like finish.
Interesting and not that far off the mark. Normally Chardonnay and Viognier make for clumsy partners, but not so in this case. The nose has sweet acacia blossom aromas, and that's followed by a plump but largely anonymous palate that turns to apricots and honey on the finish. A little cloying but good in small doses.
A rounded, smooth-textured white, given freshness by the acidity that offers a lemon zest edge. Green herbs and apple juice shine on the balanced, crisp finish.
Alluring citrus, pear, yellow flower and herb aromas lift out of the glass. They carry over to the tangy palate, joining Golden Delicious apple and saline flavors that lend a savory finish.
Dark as Petite Sirah, this is a huge, dark old-vine Zinfandel that's dominated by berry and oak flavors. It's smooth and soft, finishing with rivers of milk chocolate and caramel.
Pressed apple and pears seem to be dusted in pollen and saffron on the nose of this savory, spicy Riesling. It's off dry and delicate in style, but concentrated in lip smacking tangerine and lime flavors. Dusty, earthy tones persist through the moderately long finish.
Pressed yellow flower and spring orchard fruit are the primary opening scents. The lean palate shows rennet apple skin, lime and a mineral note alongside zesty acidity.
This excellent, restrained bottling is compelling. Lemongrass, kaffir lime and lemon-lime aromas lead into a palate laced with fresh, high-toned citrus notes. More exotic touches of sweet onion, yuzu and wet slate complete the experience.
This Sauvignon shows ripe citrus, fig and melon flavors, while oak and lees add toasty buttercream and vanilla highlights. Best of all is the mouthfeel, which is bright and clean in acidity.
Minerally black plum and boysenberry aromas set up a rubbery palate with medium weight and intensity. Generic but happy flavors of blackberry and cassis finish with dry spice and rubbery notes  as well as length and freshness.
Here's a standout Barbera from Monferrato with loads of intensity, complexity and persistency. You'll get aromas of blackberry and cherry followed by exotic spice, vanilla and pipe tobacco. The mouthfeel is smooth, soft and thick. Excellent.
Bure Alto is a pretty Ripasso with well integrated notes of spice, tar, prunes and dry fig. There's a touch of sweetness at the center surrounded by a soft and yielding texture.
Wiry, pinched aromas of berry fruits are forward and direct. This feels chunky and a touch jammy, while herbal berry, plum and peppery flavors end with heat, power, rawness and medicinal berry notes.
Jacob's Creek turns out yet another impressive value with this buttery example from South Australia. The movie-house popcorn nose fades into an intense palate of almond and macadamia nuts with enough acidity to carry the full body. Try with pecan-crusted salmon.
Starts out with gentle matchstick aromas, but with time it's all about white fruits, green herbs and apple. The palate has a firm, standard, high-quality mouthfeel along with tart apple, white peach and pineapple flavors. The finish is pure lime and snap, while the refreshment quotient runs long and strong.
Sophisticated and vibrant with chewy succulence and firm tannins, the top wine of this up and coming Bolgheri estate boasts plush concentration, a nice linear quality and generous aromas of black currant, cedar, licorice, green herb and toasted nuts. There's good complexity and personality here due to the wine's many aromatic nuances and deep layers of fruit. Drink after 2012.
Warm aromas of lemon preserves, smoked honeysuckle and lightly honeyed Marcona almonds are cut with a citrus freshness on the nose of this estate-grown wine. A citrus-blossom character starts the sip followed by rounded saltiness and apple-flesh flavor in the midpalate. It's altogether very luscious and yet enlivening to the mouth.
This is soft and rich, with a light and smooth textured. It has red fruit, light acidity and a rounded aftertaste.
This rich wine—as rugged as the Transmontano terrain—has a firm tannic structure, bearing sweet-tasting blackberry fruit, with acidity that cuts the tannins. It's ready to drink, but could age for three years.
As Willamette Valley vintners continually improve and redefine Oregon Chardonnay, a distinctive profile is emerging. This vivid and taut mineral-driven wine could be the poster child. The citrus, apples and pears bring a light touch of baking spices, extended length and surefire ageability. Plus, it's a fine value for a wine of such quality.
If you like those funky, barnyardy, leathery notes in your Syrahs, this one's for you. It's bone dry and rich in tannins, with blackberry and black currant flavors, in addition to that bacon. Drink now.
A pure citrus-flavored wine, this is refreshing and light. Its crispness will soften over the next few months, but drink now for the forward fruitiness.
Good price for a Napa Valley wine of this quality. Crisp and fruity, the wine is slightly oaked, and shows forward, ripe flavors of fresh green grapes, apples and pineapples. Contains a little Chardonnay and Columbard.
Here's a fantastic addition to your cellar collection of Barolos. Gianfranco Alessandria's San Giovanni Barolo is at the top of its class. The wine is elegant and ethereal with dark, spicy concentration and loads of pulpy fruit, licorice, ginger, cola and leather. Open this bottle in ten years or so.
This is a marvelous wine, both elegant and complex, with intriguing scents of bacon, butter and chocolate woven around rich cherry fruit. The fine tannins and overall balance proceed through a lingering finish that carries a pleasing suggestion of well-tanned leather.
This wine's wild raspberry, mace, composting violets, kola nut and musk hints make for a very pretty but extremely complex nose. Fermented with 30% whole clusters, it's energetic on the palate, with dark cranberry and sharp raspberry flavors enhanced by allspice and anise. It has a very long finish.
Green to the point of being vegetal, with bell pepper and green bean aromas in addition to hidden berry fruit. It's grabby and tannic across the palate, while the flavors run toward green fruit and caramel. Deficient and hard as nails.
A creamy, wood-dominated dry wine; the honey and floral flavors of the Chenin are lost at this stage. But there's a good hint of balance, and the spicy wood tastes will tone down in 18 months.
Dark and extracted, with oaky aromas of cola and vanilla. While this wine has some firm tannins and acidity, the mouth offers only tar and a dark extracted, ashy taste.
A blend of 45% Cannonau, 45% Muristellu and 10% Cabernet Sauvignon, this laid-back red has delicate aromas suggesting ripe black cherry and Mediterranean underbrush. The straightforward accessible palate offers black plum, nutmeg and a bitter almond note alongside smooth tannins. Enjoy soon.
Made with 90% Nero d'Avola and 10% Nocera, this opens with earthy aromas of black plum, Mediterranean herb and a whiff of game. The straightforward palate displays black plum and carob alongside smooth tannins. Enjoy soon.
This wine is bright and fruity, with acidity and some fresh red berry fruits. The background tannins do have a dryness but will soften over the next few months. Drink from 2017. This property, east of Saint-Émilion, is run by Florent Dubard.
An easy to like Syrah, soft and gentle, with raspberry, cherry, spice, tobacco, herb and smoke flavors. Defines the warm-climate, lighter style of Paso Robles Syrah.
Organically grown grapes went into this perfumed wine. It is fruity, crisp with bright cherry flavors and lifted with acidity. The wine is still developing, still bringing its tannins to the fore. Drink from 2018.
Aged in large oak barrels, this opens with an intense fragrance of rose and lychee that carry over to the round palate along with juicy grapefruit, white pepper and a mineral note. Pair this with spicy vegetable curry.
This is bone dry, complex and warm in alcohol. The flavors include blackberries, currants, black pepper and sandalwood, with a meaty, leathery note of beef jerky. Drink up.
Incredibly rich, velvety-textured and long, this is a great example of Hermitage from a superripe vintage. It's dense like fruitcake without being excessively heavy, and boasts such a panopoly of nuance as to be spellbinding, ranging from spice and herb to black olive and espresso. Wow! Drink now–2025.
Grechetto makes for a wonderful alternative to Pinot Grigio for lovers of fresh, easy Italian whites. Citrus and stone fruit aromas are followed by drying mineral tones and a zesty, clean close.
Sharp berry and cherry aromas are like nail polish. A hard palate offers zero give, while plum and cherry flavors are tart before turning more sour and medicinal on the finish.
Supple, soft fruit gives this wine a simple easy-drinking character. It's great for apéritifs, rich enough for food and just plain enjoyable.
Seriously structured and full of robust tannins, this wine has enough rich fruit to match. As it opens, red plum and black cherry flavors shine. Dense, powerful and intense, it's a fine contender for long-term aging. Drink from 2025.
A young, fresh Pinot that requires a little cellaring, although decanting for a few hours will help open it up. The cherry, red plum, sandalwood and spice flavors are appealing now, but there's a firm overcoat of tannins. Cries out for roasts, cheeses, grilled salmon.
This stylish, opulent wine is marked by an array of ripe fruits, ranging from citrus through peach, apricot and mango, and is lavishly oaked, with a rich, creamy texture and lots of smoke and toast on the nose.
Rich, earthy and structured, with graphite, bacon and dense black fruit aromas that promise the wine will pack punch. With big, biting tannins, it does that. The palate is dark and tight, with coffee, mocha and tough berry flavors. Finishes dry, toasty and tannic; needs three-plus years and will cellar well through 2020.
There is a lightly toasty character in this wine that gives it a round, full texture. Spice goes along with the green and white-fruit flavors to make an intensely fruity wine that hints at a New World style. Drink now. This is one of 15 Bordeaux chateaus by Crus and Domaines de France.
This wine is firm and tannic, with a dark, bitter edge. It needs to age, because at the moment, the dry tannins are dominant. There are flavors of ripe cranberries, blueberries and dried figs, which are still working to assert themselves against the dry core.
A little awkward. The wine shows a nice silkiness and crisp acidity. But the flavors have a cooked taste, with stewed blackberries and cola, in addition to caramelly oak.
Despite the famed vineyard on the label, this seems a bit gauzy, chalky and stripped. There are light suggestions of berry and cherry, and hints of the nice details of earth and mineral that old vines can often bring. The finish is dilute and slightly metallic.
A distinctive and somewhat mature effort, with honey and nut aromas giving way to flavors that don't show much fruit yet manage to be rich—something akin to mineral or nut oil. Richly textured on the palate, the wine finishes reasonably long, despite not showing much freshness.
You can tell this is a prestige cuvée by the weight and shape of the bottle. The wine does justify its packaging, a rich and smooth offering that's structured and textured without losing sight of generous fruitiness. Orange peel combines with red berries to give a full while fresh wine. Try aging it for a few more months and drink at the end of 2015.
Wild strawberry and a thicket of dense tannin belie a powerfully strong and elusive wine, still very much tightly wound, indicative of the vintage. A portion (35%) of the grapes were whole-cluster pressed, from tight-spaced, low-yielding vines. A little more oak was used than in most of the producer's other wines, helping to impart a spicy finish.
This winery's style always has been to produce food-friendly wines, and this one certainly is. Sommeliers might want to check it out as an interesting alternative to Zinfandel. It's dry and high in acidity but very fruity, with a range of blackberry, currant, raisin, licorice and pepper flavors.
This is a frankly sweet sparkling wine, with sugary orange, lime, strawberry and vanilla flavors. If you like your bubblies with jammy sweetness, it's for you.
From the Orcia area of Tuscany, here's a blockbuster 70-30 blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot with deep concentration and thick density. Evident woodshop or carpentry tones come into play, leaving long-lasting flavaors of vanilla bean, chocolate and coffee. The wine has tart, plump tannins that need a few more years of bottle aging before they settle into place. Drink after 2015.
A joint project by winemakers Vittorio Fiore and Barbara Tamburini, this is a rich and compelling blend of equal parts Sangiovese, Petit Verdot and Teroldego. The bouquet is bold and immediate, with tones of chocolate, red cherry, clove, prune and tobacco.
A big, powerful wine that lives up to its Grande Reserva designation. With solid black fruits and equally solid, firm tannins, the wine is structured and rich at the same time. Expect this impressive wine to age for several years.
What a classic Paso Zin. Even though the vintage was a scorcher, this Westside is balanced and delivers delicious cocoa, raspberry, cherry and blueberry flavors, and then all kinds of tangy herbs and spices. And such a soft, voluptuous texture, too. Should be easy to find with a case production of 4,795.
This wine's cranberry, raspberry and cherry flavors are spicy and tart, carrying a suggestion of hard candy. It's consistent throught its tart finish and promises much development ahead. Drink now through the late 2020s.
Exotically floral and spicy, this delivers an intoxicating blend of exuberance and elegance. While delicately framed, the palate is rich, ripe and juicy, with sweet yellow-cherry and apricot flavors, and a slick of wax and honey. It's brisk and nervy, yet finishes remarkably long, with a swathe of green herbal tones.
Faint notes of both Conference and Bosc pear scent the nose. These notions also appear on the light-bodied palate where they have an earthier aspect and are presented with a very appetizing freshness and clean finish.
Too funky, animal and vegetal to recommend. The wine has color and size but the aromas and flavors just aren't that pleasant. Tastes more like rhubarb and carob than fresh berries.
An interesting wine by virtue of its oddball variety and the way it feels in the mouth. It's bone dry and quite high in acidity, giving it an ultra-clean mouthfeel framing citrus and mineral flavors that are a bit vegetal. Needs stimulating food, especially umami-dominated.
This Cab has a prominent streak of eucalyptus-like menthol on the nose as well as cranberry. This continues on the palate, which is fairly juicy and soft. With dry tannins the finish is on the dusty side, a pairing quandary solved most likely by juicy red meat.
A blend of 85% Cabernet Sauvignon with 15% Merlot, this was built to be approachable young. Grapes are sourced from an estate, organically farmed vineyard as well as two neighboring properties, Pickberry and Murray Ranch. Tobacco forms around a juiciness of blackberry and raspberry, giving it a sultry edge, while maintaing soft tannins throughout.
From chalk soil, this wine is touched with minerality, crisp acidity and a texture that promises an ability to age. It has green plum and sliced apple flavors, fresh while also tangy. A complex wine, it will be better from late 2017.
Off-dry with lemon-drop fruit flavors, this fruit-forward wine is very well made, in a sweetish, tasting-room style. The fruit is fresh and clean, the wine is sweet but not sugary, and it is right in line with past efforts.
Apple and grass aromas are clean and basic. For a brut nature, this has a plump feel and fruity roundness. Yeasty flavors of baked white bread and briny apple and nectarine finish mellow and smooth. Drink now.
This wine is rich, concentrated and ripe. With its opulent mix of yellow fruits, citrus and sliced apple—a real fruit salad—it is also balanced with spice and wood flavors. The fruit is rich and will develop well. Drink this from 2020.
Just this side of dry, this is a blend of Pinot Noir, Syrah and Riesling, a bit grassy and diffuse. It's not sure what sort of a rosé it wants to be, nor is it easy to tell what to serve with it. Sour apple and strawberry fruit with a bit of finishing sugar.
Ripe melon and subtle white flowers meld with fresh apple and pear on the nose and palate of this lovely Malvasia from Ivica Matoevi´c. Quite voluptuous in style with a silky, slightly oily mouthfeel, the palate is bright with sweet stone fruit and a pleasantly bitter almond note that lingers on the finish.
Basic raspberry and strawberry aromas lead to a crisp, zesty palate with limited but juicy flavors of strawberry mixed with rhubarb. Light and quick on the finish, with freshness but not much length or body.
This Pinot Noir-dominant sparkler is nutty and perfumed, its honeysuckle scents bringing lightness and brightness to a meaty core of body and weight.
Spicy with a layering of pepper this Lodi Petite Sirah, clocking in at only 12.5% abv, is Syrah-like in aroma and flavor, but fully Petite in its very dry tannins.
This is a soft, rather unfocused wine that is pleasantly fruity with flavors of apples and currants. It's lightly perfumed and ready to drink now.
Despite the moderate alcohol, this is a rich wine in every way. It has generous fruits—tangerine and bitter-orange marmalade. It's layered with minerality and needs to age. Drink from 2017.
Soft and somewhat waxy in texture, this is a dry, muted Chardonnay. The flavors suggest sweet hay and light tree fruits, and the finish fades quickly.
Underbrush, chopped aromatic herb, dark spice and balsamic aromas come together in the glass. Firmly structured and elegant with a backbone of taut, refined tannins, the palate doles out ripe Marasca cherry, crushed raspberry, licorice and baking spice flavors. Drink 2020–2032.
Nicely put together but totally generic, as if it were sent from the central casting dept. The nose has some rubber and smoke to go with black fruit, while the palate has good body and sweet black plum and berry flavors. Full enough but not baked or heavy.
Starts with a clean cherry and berry nose, which sets up the fresh, well-layered palate. Flavors of red fruits are ripe and medium sweet, while touches of oak, butter and pepper emerge on the finish. A tasty everyday wine.
Very fruity, this is full of red fruits, soft tannins and juicy acidity. The wine is soft, forward and immediately appealing due to its acidity and aromatic finish.
This one has bland aromatics, with only a touch of oak to grasp at. The palate is almost spritzy, which it shouldn't be, and the flavor resembles Mott's applesauce. A bit weak and only qualifies for an acceptable rating on its best day.
Assorted dried herbs, pink peppercorn and bell pepper aromas mix with dark cherries. The cherry and black currant flavors are sweet with dry, chalky tannins backing them up.
This 100% Syrah is an intense wine that's a complete package of balanced fruit and spice. Wild raspberry, cherry, sweet hickory smoke and crushed violets are at the core here, with a touch of pepper and mocha unfolding on the finish. Creamy and decadent in the mouth with firm but approachable tannins. Drink now–2014.
Pressed flower, pear and crushed rock aromas lead the nose. The lively palate offers lime, green apple skin and mineral alongside racy acidity.
With Elegy, Johann Heinrich strays away from Austria to produce his interpretation of a Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon blend. It is a finely structured wine, the oak flavors and the tannins holding well together to give elegance, pointed up by the black currant fruits and a touch of citrus.
Morgan's Hat Trick Chardonnay, from his own vineyard, was a hit right out of the block. Now, so is his Pinot Noir. It's elaborately flavored, a fairly soft, full-bodied wine that's stuffed with pastry-filling cherries, blackberries, currants and raspberries, with exotic additions of kumquats, cola, red licorice and vanilla. This extraordinarily complex wine should change in interesting ways over at least the next six years.
Snappy red fruit aromas endow this Cab with approachability, while the palate is clean, tasty and a little lean, with spicy, piquant raspberry flavors. Dry and peppery on the finish, but honest and clean throughout. Average wine; good value.
Here's a simple, direct Vino Nobile, with aromas of plum, toast and coffee followed by a linear palate of black fruit, espresso and a hint of bell pepper flavor. Pair this with grilled meats or salami.
Nut and white stone fruit aromas start things off. Tastes like pineapples and fresh cream; broad, but not so deep. Imported by Precept Brands.
Crisp and tight, this offers bright acidity over a lightly smoky flavor. A green fruit and herb element adds to the general freshness of the wine. Drink now.
Aged in new French, American and seasoned oak, this vineyard-designate is soft and spicy with thick, abundant layers of grilled meat, sizzling cinnamon and dark brown sugar. Full-bodied and robustly concentrated, it maintains a thread of acidity that allows it to stay fresh despite its power and ripeness.
Very spicy, lychee-flavored wine, rich and concentrated. It is full of this perfumed character, with pepper, sweet spice and an edge of honey.
Sharp upon entry, this has a concentration of citrus rind amid penetrating flavors of grapefruit, pineapple, orange and nectarine. The buoyant acidity keeps everything in proportion, with just a hint of bitterness at the edge of the finish.
The blend is largely Merlot, with splashes of Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot. There is a strong scent of vanilla that only partially masks the flavors of leaf and stem. Tannic and a bit earthy, this would be a good wine to pair with a red pasta sauce.
This is one California Cab that hasn't gone over the top, beautifully balancing dried spices and vanilla with bold berry and cassis fruit. It's medium-bodied, its tannins and alcohol in check, finishing long and soft. Drink now–2012.
A problematic wine, although not without its virtues. Made from Mourvèdre, Grenache, Syrah and Cinsault, it's too soft in structure and too sweet, and there's a vegetable, mushroomy taste to the raspberries.
This is a pale-colored wine with a finely wrought texture and great fruit. It is tight and mineral on the one hand, but balanced with the crispest red-currant flavors that offer a bright line in acidity. Delicious hints of age round out the final fresh aftertaste.
This thickly extracted Aglianico is dark, absolutely impenetrable and almost too much of a good thing. Black fruit aromas are backed by ash, toast and spice. The wine is so thick and dense its texture is closer to syrup or reduction sauce than it is to wine.
This is a plush and upfront wine that offers succulent aromas of cherry, black fruit and plum. It glides clean down the palate thanks to its thick density and soft, smooth texture. The wine has the pulp and density to pair with most winter foods.
Just what you want a California Merlot to be. It's soft in the mouth, with silky tannins framing easy flavors of cherries, red currants, mocha and cinnamon spice. Great with cheeseburgers, lamb curry, beef tartare.
This medium-bodied Grenache features vanilla and raspberry compote on the nose. It's a smooth, if not particularly textural wine, with berry flavors and hints of toast that fall away on the finish. Drink now.
Over the last few years, Herencia has risen to the top of Chile's Carmenère kingdom. This vintage opens with rich aromas of vanilla, barrel spice, pepper, herbs and black fruits. A full dense palate is balanced, while this tastes dark and spicy, with lightly baked black-fruit flavors that finish intense and oaky. Drink through 2022.
This opens with blue flower, new leather, crushed mint and underbrush aromas. On the taut, racy palate, white pepper and tobacco notes underscore sour cherry and cranberry fruit alongside austere, fine-grained tannins.
Impresses for its depth, power and balance, a wine whose classic acid-tannin structure could only have come from a pedigreed terroir. There's an enormous concentration of black currants and minerals, but the wine is immature in astringent tannins. Needs time, and possibly lots of it. Best 2011 and beyond.
Raspberry-flavored wine, light, crisp and fresh. It has bright acidity, a wine for the summer.
This is a wonderfully expressive NZ SAuvignon Blanc, oozing with tropical fruit, but with greenish overtones of fresh herbs and tomato leaves. Bold passion fruit rules the nose, with the herbal notes providing balance. Medium- to full-bodied, with a long finish, this should drink well over the next year or so.
Using fruit that was sourced from the vineyards on Mt. Etna, 600 meters above the shimmering Mediterranean Sea, this expression of Nerello Mascalese shows elegance and complexity in a streamlined, compact wine. Flavors of cassis, tar, smoked bacon and dried herb are tightly wrapped together.
This light, pleasant wine shows ripe strawberry, white pepper and dried herb notes. It was aged for 22 months in 10% new French oak.
Floral but dilute, with mild red fruit scents mixed with herbal fern and juniper aromas. The palate has a good but innocuous mouthfeel, and overall it's fresh but simple, with herbal, generic red fruit and dried oregano flavors.
An elegant wine that is appealing for its pure mineral expression. There's papaya and lemon fruit here, with a sophisticated caramel undertone that carries over to the medium finish. Drink now or hold a few years for more nuance.
Aromas of orange blossoms, scratched apple skins, lemon-lime soda and jasmine waft off of this bottling. The texture is quite grippy, with tactile acidity and a dynamic mouthfeel presenting lime sorbet and sugared apple flavors.
The winemaker emphasizes artisanal techniques on mountain fruit, and this 100% Cabernet certainly has an authentic, handmade quality. It's dry, fairly soft and rich in ripe, thick tannins. The fruit is fully ripened, suggesting cherry and blackberry jam with a hint of olive tapenade. Try it now. A wine to watch.
High alcohol, enormously ripe fruit and soft acidity make this wine taste sweet and syrupy. Not likely to evolve, so drink up.
Full bodied and rich, with extravagant mint, chocolate, cassis, coffee and cedar notes that come close to going over the top, kept in check by muscular tannins that impart the texture of fine powder to the wine's lengthy finish. Drink 2012–2020.
A slightly heavier version of Verdejo, especially given 2007's cool conditions in Rueda. The wine has waxy peach and papaya aromas follwed by apricot, pineapple and mango flavors. It definitely opens on the palate and then finishes with a fleshy texture, additional fruit and even some nuts. Good complexity yet still a forward type of white wine.
Sweet-leaning red berries meet with touches of cinnamon and vanilla on the nose of this affordably priced wine. There is decent acidic zest on the palate, which frames the tart cranberry and dark strawberry fruit and is leveled by pencil-lead flavors. It's fairly simplistic overall.
There's a stewed quality to the fruit, and heat in the finish. that make this Cab not worth the price. Will work with simple fare.
An interesting Chard showing a bit of age. Picking up a nutty character, very rich and soft in the mouth, with nice oriental spice, butterscotch and ripe peach flavors. Finishes clean and vibrant.
With this wine, you'll get a solid blast of oak and butter on the nose, which is backed by orange, melon and nectarine flavors. There's acidity and kick to it, but also some softer butterscotch and citrus pith notes. More than good by Argentine standards.
The “Essence” in the designation refers to the wine's sources, which are selected blocks from the winery's vineyards in the southern part of Napa. The wine is absolutely dry, mouthwatering in acidity, and vastly complex. There's a touch of smoky, vanilla-scented French oak, but the fruit flavors star. They suggest stone-driven minerals, Meyer lemons, limes, white peaches, pink grapefruits and a savory, umami-rich note of figs. The wine is ideal now and should evolve for many years.
Merlot makes up just over three-quarters of this blend, with the balance Malbec, Cabernet Franc, Sangiovese and Petit Verdot. Bright aromas of cherry pie, blueberry, herb, plum and earth are followed by smooth polished blue-fruit flavors. It's a complete delight, focusing on elegance.
This oaky wine opens with a huge pop of toasty, burnt aromas. It's resiny feeling, with a creamy palate. Hard time spent in Hungarian barrels has resulted in flavors of toasty apple, cinnamon and peppery spices. This lacks harmony.
From the aroma, this seems heavily wooded, but on the palate the wood spice is becoming well integrated with the dark berry fruits and mineral texture. It is certainly young. Already, though, the fruit is showing its potential richness. Give it 3–4 years.
From its vineyard in the hot Torto Valley, Ramos-Pinto has produced a rich, densely sweet, lightly burnt wine. It's deliciously attractive, very smooth and flavored with perfumed dried apricots.
Layered tannins and wood flavors have tended to smother the fruit in this wine. That gives a dry, tough character not promising much for the future.
Fermented in neutral French oak barrels and allowed to mature on its lees for eight months, this Viognier is expressive of toasty, flaky piecrust, papaya, melon and a touch of turmeric. It shows some viscosity on the palate, with an almost oily texture, but the bright acids are invigorating, driving the wine to a nutty finish.
This is a full-bodied, sumptuous Pinot Noir that's filled with candied, pie-filling flavors of black cherries, licorice, mocha and spices. While it's a bit common in texture, it does provide plenty of pleasure. Drink now.
Opens with butterscotch and toast, but the palate doesn't really hold up. It offers dull orange and citrus flavors that are stretched thin. Lastly, citrus rind on the finish makes the final act bitter and rough.
Dry, tannic and ripe, with flavors of black currant, raisin and a coating of spicy oak. The tannins are rich and thick and high alcohol gives this wine a slight burn, but richly sauced barbecue flavors balance that out.
This Piedmontese blend of 80% Nebbiolo and 20% Barbera is strongly marked by new wood, which, in this instance, imparts a smoky, meaty character to the aromas of cherries and berries. The bright fruit flavors later fold in cocoa notes and finish long and tart, with an undercurrent of dried brush and herb that adds complexity. Hold til 2005.
There are faint scents of eucalyptus and sage on this Paso producer's take on Sta. Rita Hills fruit. The palate is more promising with dark hints of tobacco and sour cherry, and the acidity is preserving this perfectly, as it shows no age whatsoever.
Dry and crisp, with good varietal flavors of citrus fruits and lemongrass. But this wine is also very potent in unripe, green notes that include the notorious feline component. That lowers the score.
There's a touch of heat to the nose of this Shiraz that slightly overwhelms the black plum and berry aromas. In the mouth, initial licorice and mulled boysenberry flavors transition nicely into the short but peppery close.
Crushed slate and salty mineral tones pepper this intensely citrusy dry white. It's dry, bold and silken-textured, yet hits the palate with laser-like lemon, lime and tart tangerine fruit. The finish is long and meandering, accented by a murmur of lime pith astringency.
This is a delight—a supple, polished, ripe and full-throttle Pinot Noir offered at a mid-1990s price. Winemaker Aron Hess keeps the alcohol at 13.5%, the oak a moderate 20% new, and the earthy underpinnings gracefully in check. Lush purple and blue fruits are lightly licked with chocolate; the result is a very satisfying mouthful of wine.
Green bean and tobacco aromas lead to more of the same in the mouth, although grapy fruit shows through. This wine seems underripe, an oddity in 2003, with chalky tannins and spiky acidity.
This somewhat indistinctive wine has a wealth of minty aroma on the nose, a characteristic that doesn't shake off on the palate, the body full and a touch hot.
A blend of Pinot Blanc and Auxerrois created to go with Japanese food, Gyotaku is a soft, easy wine, very balanced and harmonious, with just a light hint of sweetness and spice. Definitely a wine for sushi. Screw cap.
Exotic spice, red fruit, herbal notes and cherry cola characterize this 50-50 blend of Alicante and Syrah. The wine delivers measured intensity but does boast deep freshness thanks to its acidity and menthol finish.
Using fruit sourced from Ghielmetti Ranch, Home Ranch and Folkendt vineyards, this is comprised of 87% Cabernet Sauvignon, with Merlot, Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot. This is Steven Kent's most approachable Cabernet; It's lush and concentrated, with bright flavors of grenadine and hazelnut, plus straightforward tannins. Ready to drink now, it will still be vibrant in 5–7 years.
A bold but well-behaved wine, this is spicy and meaty in aroma, generously layered with flavors of black plums, blackberries and incredibly velvety tannins. The way that the core of delicious fruit is shrouded in thick but soft tannins and threaded with acidity is a marvel. It's tempting to drink now but lay it down until 2018 if possible.
Pear, almond and toast aromas lead to dry, elegant fruit and lees flavors. It's a uniquely styled offering of the variety.
Tastes like an ordinary inexpensive Pinot Noir, namely a somewhat harsh, semisweet wine, with jellied raspberry and mint flavors. More than 100,000 cases produced.
This brand reliably produces varietally correct, down-the-middle wines, and this is no exception, starting with aromas of Anjou pear, underripe honeydew, tight white-flower buds and freshly cut key lime. The ripe stone-fruit flavors on the sip are cut by citrus and wet cement, offering all the elements to please many a Sauv Blanc fan.
Grassy raspberry and currant aromas are slightly volatile on this Monastrell that is choppy, raw and astringent on the palate. Flavors of cranberry are mildly green, weedy and sour in front of a choppy, tannic finish.
This dark Brunello opens with thick concentration and balsam notes of cola, humus and eucalyptus. Despite the thick extraction, the berry aromas are delicate, with lingering wild raspberry and forest fruit. The wine shows a nice juxtaposition between its bold, masculine side and an elegant feminine one. The mouthfeel is bold, plush and powerful.
Lemon oil and pear skin scents introduce this light white, along with hints of diesel and earth. The fruit is delicate and acidic, bringing in tart citrus—grapefruit, lime and gooseberry —plus some light spice.
This abundantly rich wine seems to melt in the mouth like fine dark chocolate. Aromas emphasize fully ripe plums, black cherries and a whiff of spicy oak. Then chocolaty flavors expand quickly on the tongue as they are carried by copious soft tannins. While big in flavor it's modest in body and alcohol.
This is bursting with brown baking spice highlights, in aroma and flavor. Moderately plump fig and cherry fruit flavors thin out in the finish, but don't quit. An hour of decanting is a big help.
From the Monte da Cal vineyard, this big, bold wine has firm tannins, tight acidity and exuberant black berry fruits. It has an open, juicy core around which those tannins wrap, leaving a wine that is so obviously food-friendly.
Bardolino Chiaretto is an elegant and delicate wine with pretty highlights of rose, raspberry and sweet cassis berry. The wine shows a soft, yielding nature in the mouth with a touch of crisp acidity on the close.
This southern Rhone blend tastes like a wine you'd buy in some little Provencal village straight from the barrel, filling up your carafe for that night. It's dry, robust and honest, with good fruit and the kind of tannins to cut through almost anything. From Fess Parker.
Comprised of Viognier, Marsanne and Roussanne, this is an exuberantly fruity wine. It has powerful, ripe flavors of tropical fruits, citrus, peaches, oak and vanilla. Like ambrosia in the glass, it's honeyed and opulent.
Richly tannic but ripe, with red-fruit notes of rhubarb and raspberry up front. Then the palate turns dark and savory, adding hints of espresso, olive and asphalt. Try it in 2017, by which time it should've settled down and become more integrated.
This smokey Amarone opens with woody tones of forest floor and bramble followed by savory notes of cured beef and wild mushroom. Dark fruit flavors fill in the background and the wine ends with distinct layers of leather and dried tobacco leaf.
Pretty tight and closed down in its youth, this mountain Pinot shows tannins unusual in California versions of the variety. Totally dry, it has a deep core of blackberries, currants, wild berries and chocolate. Will probably develop, but it's a bit too full-bodied for a Pinot Noir.
A mix of mostly Nerello Mascalese with a small percentages of international varieties, this is a bolder, toastier style than this estate's other red wines. Spice and tobacco come on the heels of ripe red-fruit, smoky brimstone and toasted nut flavors.
Dark ruby in color, this wine offers raspberry and strawberry aromas. It's bright on entry, with a network of tannins that slowly emerge amidst black cherry, black currant, juniper and tomato leaf flavors. The zippy finish is marked by a splash of clementine flavor.
So light that it's like water in the glass, this is a dynamic wine, with aromas of sugared lime peels, lime blossoms and a touch of quinine. The palate is reminiscent of a gin & tonic cocktail, with icy lime juice and lots of botanical influence.
From organic grapes, this is a soft, red-fruited wine. The tang of acidity is well balanced by the full fruit character. It's ripe and attractively structured.
This easygoing Chianti opens with bright cherry, moist earth and blue flower. It's a simple, one-dimentional wine that would pair with Irish stew or fried vegetables.
Shows very nice fruit that's both jammy and firm, and then add in meatiness, leather and rubber and you have an intense, tannic middleweight with cassis, dark berry and plenty of chocolate in terms of flavors. A bit fiery, biting and hard now; needs another year or two to soften.
Pleasing toasty notes greet your first sniff, followed by apple pie fruit flavors with hints of plum and banana. It's a light, creamy, easy-drinking confection.
This lightweight wine combines herbal notes reminiscent of tomato and celery leaves with hints of white grapefruit. Finishes just a bit short, with vaguely peppery notes.
This hearty blend of Aglianico, Merlot and Syrah (the name Tréje stands for “three”) opens with superripe notes of blackberry preserves and strawberry jam along with loads of tobacco, leather and dark spice. This deeply penetrating wine would pair with game meat or lamb stew.
Toasty pear and apple aromas are lush and nice for Chilean Chardonnay. The palate shows good grip and a solid feel, while the flavors of smoky apple, bacon, toast and citrus blend nicely. Racy and juicy on the finish.
There are tiny hints of sweetness on the nose of this Pinot Grigio that recall peach, honeysuckle and exotic fruit. The wine is lean and streamlined in the mouth and ends with a crisp blast of citric acidity.
This zesty dry Furmint leads the way with aromas of lemon juice and freshly cut pineapple. It has delightful flavors of apple, peach and Bartlett pear with a nice amount of heft on the palate. There's a great deal of minerality and the finish is creamy and brisk at the same time.
This blend of Trebbiano, Malvasia, and San Colombano seduces with dried fig, raisin and vanilla aromas. The plush palate delivers toasted walnut, acacia honey and confectionary notes, while a coffee flavor closes the finish. Bright acidity tempers the richness.
Lush caramel, crème de cassis and crushed black rock aromas are backed by a structure that's apparent even from the nose in this bottling from winemaker Paul Lato. Soft and plush on the palate, it's full of black fruit, peppercorn spice and charcoal flavors, bound by fluffy tannins and measured acidity.
This is a blend of the best barrels from the five Mercurey Premier Crus owned by the Devillard family. First produced in the 2010 vintage, the wine is now made in most vintages. It is a rich wine, bringing out the pure red fruitiness of a Mercurey and its beautifully integrated structure. It is concentrated and very dense, packed with vanilla, mint and dark coffee flavors as well as the fruit. Age this wine, at least until 2020.
Sweet and candied on the nose, with marshmallow, cotton candy, chocolate-dipped cherry and dustiness. The palate has a pure feel and good ripeness, with flavors of herbal berry, toast, coffee and spice. Warm, chocolaty and oaky, with a lasting mocha flavor.
Bring on the barbecue for this explosive, high-octane Zin. Ripe to the point of overripe, it shows flavors of blackberries, currants, cassis and raisins, liberally dusted with crushed black pepper and unsweetened cocoa. The bigtime tannins will cut through rich meats slathered in BBQ sauce.
Hearty in red plum and raspberry, this smooth, structured Petite is ready to drink now, straightforward rather than complex.
Stone-fruit and yellow apple aromas come with a hint of ham. Flat and creamy in feel, this tastes almost entirely of leesy vanilla and pithy bitterness. In the folds are bland banana and melon notes.
Made from estate-grown fruit sourced high in the Sierra Foothills, this is a black, true-to-type Petite Sirah. It's packed with dusty coffee, chocolate and tobacco.
This bone-dry, fairly astringent wine does just what Sauvignon is supposed to. It cleanses the palate, stimulates the taste buds, and offers pleasant citrus and melon flavors with a long, minerally finish. From Origin.
This is a flagship wine for DFJ owner and winemaker José Neiva Correia. It is generous while preserving great style and elegance. The black berry fruits and layers of tannins are well balanced with the acidity and the light wood aging. A wine to savor, it will be ready to drink from 2018.
This is a solid, structured wine, with tannins and vanilla flavors from the new-wood aging. Black-berry flavors come through slowly but they will develop as the wine ages. Drink from 2018.
Sangiovese (90%) with small parts Colorino and Canaiolo create a spice-driven wine with an emphasis on ginger, cinnamon and powdered clove. It demonstrates thick color and density and a rich, chewy mouthfeel that is accented by plum and dried currant.
A mix of 44% Marsanne, 28% Roussanne and 28% Viognier this white blend smells like spring, with wildflowers, almond and wet stone with a touch of honey figuring prominently at different times. The wine's lemon minerality hits a high note on the finish. Drink alone or with fresh goat cheeses.
With a long winemaking history that spans back to 1908, the Germano family has played an important role in the evolution of Barolo and Langhe wines. The Vigna Rué cru expression is an incredible wine with beautifully focused aromas of wild berry, cola and mineral. The mouthfeel is equally impressive thanks to the polished and drying nature of the tannins.
“Old vines” here means more than 20 years. But the wine owes its concentration to the selection of parcels and fruit as much as the vines' age. For there certainly is a rich intensity in this impressive, rounded wine. The spice and pear flavors are lifted by sweet green fruits and white berries. Imported by Frederick Wildman & Sons, Ltd.
Dusty mineral notes and hints of smoked nuts lend an earthy, savory feel to this otherwise peachy, fresh and floral Gewürztraminer. Dry in style, it's light-footed and spry. Drink now.
More chunky than some in its class, with early berry flavors but not much backing that up. The wine has a little brett and rubber, and in the end it turns lean and tight. Fresh but too sharp and thin to raise the bar.
A suave, fruit-driven wine that's deceptively easy to drink. It isn't very  complex, but it's still a pleasure, offering plenty of plum, black cherry and cola flavors, medium body and a creamy-smooth texture. Finishes clean and fresh without being excessively tart. Drink now.
So delicious to drink now, it's easy to overlook the complexity and ageworthiness of this Pinot. It's vastly rich in raspberry jam, butterscotch and vanilla flavors, housed in an airy, silky texture. Good as it is, this wine should gain traction over the next 5–6 years.
Pointed, toasty aromas of black fruits and graphite are lemony, woody and not bashful. A giant palate with rock-hard, piercing tannins is drying but generous. Flavors of wild berries, earth and oak finish toasty and tannic, with lasting acidity. Drink through 2023.
Punchy berry aromas are floral and jumpy, and the palate is more sheering and tart than expected, but still fresh and clean. Zesty black cherry flavors are softened by buttery oak, and the finish is racy. Could use more flavor and depth along with less acidic bite.
A wood-dominated wine, this has spice, high toast and grilled red pepper and hot cherry flavors. The tannins are rich, sweet, layered over pepper and mineral flavors. This is a wine that would benefit from 2–3 years' aging. Screwcap.
So ripe and decadent, it is perhaps the wine equivalent of a candy bar, with raspberry, cherry, red currant, vanilla and cinnamon flavors. Pinot doesn't get any tastier than this, but it does get more complex. Still, this is fancy enough to drink over the next six years with steak, duck, tuna or lamb.
The bouquet delivers some of that creamy, corn-like smell that many Cavas show. There is also cereal and citrus to the nose. Flavors of nectarine, grapefruit and green herbs are fresh and in the lead, and the feel is soft-edged. Shows some green bitterness on the finish.
Very nicely done for a new brand that we haven't seen before. This is Chilean SB in fine form. It's a mix of green and ripe fruits both on the nose and palate. Aromas of gooseberry and mango are alluring, and in the mouth it bounces along on a wave of bracing acidity. Elegant and easier toprocess than Quintay's more pungent, angular and demanding Reserva.
This has apricot and pear flavors, plus a nutmeg hint and intense, refreshing acidity.
La Poderina is a beautiful, well-managed estate that playfully straddles both a traditional and modern approach to Brunello. Thick black fruit aromas and tangy spice give the wine a soft and opulent first impression. But the firm tannins and bright acidity remind you of its deep Tuscan roots.
There's a wildness to this wine, with spicy, Provençal herbs and briary tannins that frame the blackberry, currant, licorice, balsam and cedar flavors. It's tightly wound and dense now, not showing much elegance. But it's interesting and different and could well be an ager. Try after 2011.
The rather closed nose gives little away. The palate, however, is full of juicy stone fruit. Think ripe mirabelle and apricot, think juicy tangerine and orange. This is full of fruit and tension, highlighted with lemon freshness and a lovely streamlined taut palate. The long finish has something of fresh apples about it.
On the nose, high-toned pineapple and tropical fruit dominate Casa Larga's Gewürz. The palate is refreshing but simple with lots of apple juice flavors laced with a hint of wax and jasmine blossoms.
Soft, ripe, juicy wine, full of bright red berry fruits, soft tannins and a light structure. The wine is ready to drink, the final flavor lifted by acidity.
Like the winery's 2010 Corralillo Syrah, this comes across funky, more herbal and pointed than in prior years. The body is full but hard, with roasted berry, spice and herb flavors. It feels forced and a bit warm, with a salty note and juicy, almost sharp acids.
This opens with subdued, mature yellow apple, acacia and almond aromas that carry over to the abrupt, tangerine-inflected palate. It has a lean, bitter finish.
Fresh, enticing fruit aromas and a smooth yet firm texture make this full-bodied wine hard to resist. Toasted oak, ripe berries and cherries gush from the glass, and light tannins add grip to the generous mouthfeel.
Although it took a little while to open up, the wine eventually expresses itself beautifully with deep notes of crushed purple florals, black cherry and blueberry along with a hint of game. Lush and full with a satiny texture, the mouth is heady and satisfying with a concentrated fruit core supported by cedar and mocha on the close.
Jammy and sharp, with raspberry and cherry flavors. Bone dry and low in alcohol, but too tart for a better score.
Like Petite Sirah's rustic power? You'll love this lusty wine. It's dark, tannic and dry, with massive blackberry, blueberry, dark chocolate and oak flavors that finish with hints of bacon and black pepper. Will age forever, but your window is now and through 2018.
Big, bold, dark and chewy, this builds upon substantial black-cherry fruit and supporting acids. Still knitting together, it shows highlights of cedar and tobacco, along with thick tannins. Give this a couple more years of bottle age, and drink after 2018.
Soft and simple, this is almost a dessert wine—it's that sweet in raspberry-tart filling and cherry jam flavors. Has just enough acidity but the sugary finish is off-putting.
Coming from an up-and-coming vineyard, this wine offers aromas of dried herb, vanilla, baking spice and cherry. Fruit and barrel flavors mix on the palate, continuing through the finish.
Ripe cherry and raspberry jam set the stage for this succulent and fruit-forward red wine from Sicily. There are some sweet flavors here that suggest a pairing with hamburgers or pasta with meat sauce.
Plum, raspberry, dried herb and light spice aromas lead to a choppy but solid palate. Oaky flavors of toast and coffee sit atop blackberry fruit, while this finishes with richness and dominating barrel-driven flavors of spice and toast.
Light and vivacious on the nose, this offers lime blossoms, Anjou pear skins and sharp white jasmine flowers. The aromas settle into a salted peach-candy character. Tonic, lime blossoms and lime-zest flavors show on the palate, quite bright and nearly tropical.
Dry and full bodied, this firmly structured wine can pair well with rich seafood and pasta dishes. It has crisp apple and grapefruit flavors and a smooth texture.
Harsh, with burnt cherry notes that make the tannins and acids stick out. No major flaws, but it's hard to like.
Ripe, smoky wine, its acidity buried in smooth jammy fruit. It does have structure, giving a dry edge to the ripe fruit.
Produced by the winemaking team of Léoville las Cases, this wine comes from a separate part of the estate. The wine, with its dominance of Cabernet Sauvignon, is dense with tannins as well as dark fruit. It is firm, powerful and a very fine wine for long-term aging. Drink from 2024.
This informal red opens with aromas of red berry and a whiff of cellar floor. The simple palate offers black cherry and orange peel alongside zesty acidity and dusty tannins. It's made to be drunk young so enjoy soon.
Grassy and tropical in papaya and melon, this SB has a creaminess that gives it substance, surrounded by fig and apricot flavors that finish crisply in lemon zest. Made from half Sauvignon Musque and half Sauvignon Blanc, the wine was mostly stainless-steel fermented.
This single cru, oak-fermented Falanghina opens with a saturated golden color and concentrated aromas of pineapple, exotic fruit, mango, toasted almond and yellow rose. It shows creamy richness in the mouth and an elaborate style that is rare for this easygoing white grape.
The hot 2003 vintage was probably not the year to make a vintage Champagne. Soft and rounded, this is missing texture and poise. Certainly now mature, it offers attractive acidity at the end.
A tough wine to praise, although it's certainly drinkable with burgers and such if you're not fussy. It tastes thin and green, with blackberry and mint flavors that are sweet and sour on the finish.
Elegant and refined, this is not overpowering and its overall presentation is lively and buoyant thanks to cherry, blueberry, leather and bramble-like tones.
The LUX bottling has a bit more concentration than the other estate-grown Pinot Noir from Luminous Hills. The fruit carries much the same strawberry/citrus flavor, but with more grip and focus. The tannins are proportional, and the wine is balanced, but thins out quickly in the finish.
Barbera, Sangiovese, Grenache and Graziano are in the blend. The Sangiovese was crushed and fermented conventionally, then blended with grapes that had been air-dried. Results are mixed at the moment; the wine carries a whiff of burnt rubber that shortens the finish. Some pretty strawberry and cherry fruit peeks through, but that tarry finish needs further bottle age to open it up a bit.
A savory Pinot Gris that shows how well the variety can grow in Carneros. It was barrel fermented, which gives a creamy richness to the citrus and tropical fruit flavors. A nice edge of acidity adds a clean, bright mouthfeel.
Fresh and citrusy, with background aromas of peach, pear, sage and mineral notes. The wine is clean and easy on the palate and would pair with chilled pasta salad.
A good buy for a white wine that's dry, clean and crisply acidic. The flavors are fine, of lemons, limes and tart Mandarin oranges.
This is a limited production 100% Cab from the winery's estate vineyard. It's much more tannic than Cohn's extraordinarily fine '04 Estate, which was released a year ago. Even at the age of five-plus, it stings with sandpapery astringency. Should easily negotiate the years, with its massive core of blackberries, black currants, olives and 100% new oak. Hold until after 2010, and should develop for many years beyond.
Made much like tawny Port, this russet-brown wine features aromas of coffee, toffee and walnuts. It's sweet but not overly so, with hints of maple syrup that add a sense of refinement to the straightforward flavors.
Passerina is a native grape of Central Italy that makes medium-bodied white wines with good aromatic intensity. There are notes here of exotic fruit and dusty mineral backed by balanced freshness.
There's a subtle difference between this Pinot and Loring's eight other vineyard-designated 2012 Pinots. But by a hair, this is the best and most compelling, delicious in blackberries, blueberries and cherries. It's hard not to drink the entire bottle now, with its tantalizing acidity and soft but intricate tannins. And yet this gorgeous wine will develop bottle complexity until 2020 or 2021. The vineyard is in the sweet spot of the Santa Rita Hills.
Labeled late harvest, but not terribly sweet, this includes small amounts of Muscat, Gewürztraminer and Chenin Blanc in the blend. Lemony with both citrus rind and sweet candy flavors, it's a useful, off-dry wine with a slightly sugary finish.
Subdued aromas of pressed acacia flower, hay and beeswax take shape in the glass. The mature palate offers ripe yellow apple and a hint of citrus zest alongside a note of toasted almond. Drink soon to capture the remaining fruit and freshness.
Vibrant blackberry and cherry flavors are accented by complexities of rose petal, bramble and savory herb in this elegant, light-footed red. It's not deeply complex or penetrating, but quite charming, marked by sunny cherry acidity and a plush, lingering palate.
Aromas of sandalwood, curry, cumin and toast rise up from the glass, while the cranberry/black cherry fruit leaves an impression of rock at its core. Immaculate and very young, this suggests a wine whose complexity is still sheathed in the primary, fruit-driven flavors of the vintage. Drink 2017–2025.
Opens with minerality, crisp fruit and sweet melon aromas. In the mouth, it's showing cut and acidity in front of sweet pear and melon flavors. Turns pithy and grassy on the finish, with applesauce and spice notes poking through.
Nicely made, this enters the palate with confidence and strikes a juicy pose, layered with white peach, apricot and pear. The fruit flavors gather strength in the midpalate, dappling in bits of baking spice, cinnamon and custard, and then gently fading into a smooth, supple finish. Classy winemaking here; this is a lovely, fruit-driven bottle with extra dimensions of texture and spice.
With just over 200 cases made, Maronea is a precious blend of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and Petit Verdot that opens with huge concentration and plush aromas of ripe cherry, blackberry and chocolate. The tannins are firm and determined: The finish is accented by sweet fruit.
This is one of those Dry Creek Zinfandels that's soft, sweet in raspberry and cherry, and high enough in alcohol that you can feel the heat as you swallow. In other words, an ideal barbecue wine if you don't have to drive afterward.
Leathery animal notes blend with stalky berry and plum aromas in front of a bumpy palate with hard tannins. This tastes of herbal plum and berry, with a mildly green, oaky accent. That same oaky, green action repeats on the finish.
This shows the combo of a cool vintage and deft winemaking. It's impressively deep in citrus, fig and pepper flavors, with just a touch of oak that adds a nice, smoky edge. With high acidity, it really gets those tastebuds whistling. Best of all, the wine achieves the Holy Grail: low alcohol, only 13%, and bone dryness.
Despite a reported alcohol level that's moderate for its genre, this feels nicely full and rounded on the palate. Hints of vanilla and sarsaparilla accent flavors of cherries, plums and chocolate, while the tannins are supple and creamy in texture. Drink now–2018.
Clean but neutral, with decent lift, zest and body. The flavors run sweet to tropical, with pithy notes and a hint of green vegetables on the finish. Very basic and worthwhile, but regular in every sense of the word.
This is a spicy, heavily toasty wine. Strong wood flavors mask the ripe berry fruits. It is a wine to be drunk young, but the wood is too much.
Light, fresh and bright, this is a delicious green-fruit wine, touched by pepper. The acidity dances through the wine, leaving a lively aftertaste.
An impressive wine that is packed with notes of rich fruit, toast and vanilla. It has weight to its apple, peach and intense spice flavors. The style is like a ripe Chardonnay, just with extra acidity. Ready to drink, but could age for another year.
Rutherford Hill has specialized in Merlot for decades, and their Reserve bottling is always one of the best. This 2007 is right up there, rich, dense and opulent. It shows massive blackberry, cherry, blueberry, anise and cedar flavors, wrapped into a fine tannin-acid structure, and the finish is dry. Perfect with the best steak you can find.
This is a memorable blend of Sauvignon and Traminer that opens with the bright, floral aromas associated with these fragrant varieties. It's light, crisp and lively, with a zesty, clean finish.
Dried blueberry, leather, soy and pepper notes show on the nose of this bottling from the region's Syrah pioneer. The palate is very dry and brimming with deep purple flower, black fruit and herb flavors.
A fruity wine, showing fresh berry fruits, maybe too fresh with the pronounced acidity. The tannins are there, seeming to float in the juicy character of the wine.
Assiolo (a blend of Syrah, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon aged only in stainless steel) is a subdued wine with shades of spice, black fruit and cherry. A piquant touch of bitter almond appears on the close.
This is Corley's first Pinot Noir since 1999 and it's delicious. Grown in the cooler Oak Knoll District, it shows Pinot's opulent side, with a silky, velvety texture framing ripe cherry pie, red currant, licorice and smoky oak flavors. Best now through 2010.
This oak-aged wine is intense, rich and packed with black fruits. It has spice from the wood as well as from the Syrah in the blend, while the juicy ripe character comes from Alicante Bouschet. It's an impressive concentrated wine that will be best from 2018.
This wine comes from a steeply sloping vineyard just above the town of Nuits Saint-Georges. It is richly structured and dense with plenty of ripe fruits and acidity. The wood aging has softened the young fruitiness to give a balanced and layered wine that will be ready to drink from 2018.
Despite some heat and burn to the nose, there's nothing not to like about aromas of pecan pie and toffee. This Moscatel sweetie is solid in feel, but mostly around the edges; the middle palate is a bit weak. Flavors of brown sugar and caramel are more sweet and simple than complex.
This bottling seems pretty variable from year to year, with the 2006 version being somewhat sweet and simple. It offers pear and lime flavors on a compact frame, finishing clean but short.
Crafted by Luis Duarte, one of Portugal's top winemakers, this spicy, fruity red is simple and easy to drink. Soft berry fruits, wood flavors and a warm mouthfeel are lightened with a tang of acidity. Screwcap.
Massive, dense, oaky young Syrah, rich and impressive in ripe fruit. The cherries, raspberries and sweet milk chocolate are delicious, and complexed with darker, animal notes that, with the tannins, give the wine weight and gravity.
A rich, ripe Chardonnay, with tons of buttered toast, tangerine jam and vanilla flavors. Drink now.
The color is light and the black and green olive, smoked meat and savory aromas are reserved. However, there's an elegant yet rich, captivating feel to the savory flavors that make this wine hard to resist.
Minerally lemon and stone-fruit aromas set up a leesy, layered palate with delicious flavors of lemon cake, tangerine and apple. The finish is clear and fairly long, with some creaminess. This is totally uncomplicated and tastes great. For the price you can't ask for much more.
Cherry spice and earthy compost meet in this well-made, full-bodied wine from a warm vintage. Despite its density and concentration, it's freshened by bright acidity and a streak of cinnamon cola that lasts into the finish.
This is a rich, wood-aged wine with spice, apricot and ripe plum fruits and a mineral texture. It is rounded as well as fresh, crisp with acidity while full in fruits. Drink this delicious wine now.
Shows decent varietal character in its crisp chocolate and black cherry aromas and flavors. Also boasts a slight nuttiness that winemaker Calogero Statella calls “hazelnut”—a character he attributes to Nero d'Avola grown in the southwestern portion of Sicily.
Richly textured, viscous but with good acidty for balance. The wine shows pretty melon, citrus, herb, grass, peach and spice flavors and features a mineral edge that is fresh and clean at the end.
This is a straightforward Merlot with herbal aromatics, oaky tannins and a layering of quiet raspberry and spice. Well priced for the quality and food-friendly nature of this wine.
Medium-pink in color, this looks immediately vibrant and fruity. Scents of mealy plum, berry and watermelon fill the bouquet, while the palate offers more austere flavors of red currant and sour pomegranate. Tart and sharp in acidity, the finish is short and brisk.
Oaky aromas of cinnamon, clove and vanilla dominate the nose. This feels hard around the edges but empty in the middle. Oak-based flavors of clove and milk chocolate dominate generic raspberry fruit, while more oak pushes the finish.
Look out, Hermitage, this has the grip, the earthiness, the herbs and spice, and above all the massive, ripe, complex fruit to compete. The layers of this wine just keep unfolding; the longer it breathes, the more it gives you. Crushed rock, lead pencil, Asian spice, blackberry, coffee and caramel…it never stops. What a superb achievement.
This has both a taste of vanilla-sugar on the palate and bristling acidity that demands attention, making for a wine that's slightly off-kilter. The presence of oak is restrained and the finish, in keeping with the theme, quite tart.
The wine's greenness shows its cool Atlas Peak origins as well as the lack of ripeness in the chilly vintage. It tastes of mint-inflected raspberry tea, and is very dry.
Subtly toasty on the nose, adding bits of apple and peach flavors to the mix. This vintage of Felton Road's Chard isn't as rich or weighty as some years, but its quality still shines through on the bright, citrusy finish. The 2005 will be imported by Wilson Daniels Ltd.
Tasted right after bottling, this new release from the high-profile Ste. Michelle/Antinori Red Mountain project may be the finest Col Solare to date. The blend is 80% Cabernet Sauvignon, 17% Merlot, and a splash each of Cabernet Franc and Petite Verdot. Half is Horse Heaven Hills fruit, one quarter Cold Creek and one quarter Wahluke Slope. This is a chewy, muscular wine, dense with plummy fruit, and layered with flavors of earth, soy and black tea. There is a hint of baked, pruney flavor that is restrained enough to add interest rather than detract.
A bit of a letdown after the 2005, this lean, slightly astringent Pinot Noir offers tart cherry flavors touched with black tea leaves. Finishes on a pomegranate note.
Made with dried grapes—95% Malvasia delle Lipari and 5% Corinto Nero—this opens with delicate aromas of dried stone fruit, walnut and a hint of sweet spice. The intense palate shows mature apricot, fig and hazelnut set against a background of acacia honey. Just enough fresh acidity prevents it from being too sweet.
Alluring scents of linden blossom, Spanish broom, orchard fruit and Mediterranean herb lead the nose. The young, racy palate delivers ripe Bartlett pear, juicy lime, lemon and steely mineral while a hint of acacia honey closes the vibrant finish. Give this one time. Drink 2018 through 2025.
The vineyard of this estate, on the first slope above the River Loire, has produced a dry while honeyed wine. Fresh pear contrasts with lemon acidity and a light texture. The wine is ready to drink.
Despite the age, this still drinks quite young and tight, with firm tannins and a gripping structure framed against a fleshy black-fruit center. Rich and dense notes of blackberry, boysenberry and plum are laced with hints of cigar spice, licorice and toasted vanilla, and a sweet-wood sensation stays through the long finish. Big in almost every regard, this should continue to age well through 2016.
This well-balanced, deliciously ripe wine is full of black fruit, dark tannins and crisply textured acidity. A blend of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Malbec, it's juicy and rich while also poised and stylish. The wood aging shows slightly at the end, along with dry tannins, so it needs to age further. Drink from 2020.
Stone fruit, fragrant white rose, natural rubber and tangerine blossom mark the nose of this pretty effort. The wine's texture is thick and oily, and there's a touch of sweet spice on the close.
Full-bodied and lush on the palate, this exuberant wine offers a brightness of red raspberry fruit followed by acres of lively clove and ginger spice. High in acidity, it has years to go before it sleeps, the finish savory in leather.
This is made in the somewhat austere style of a Loire valley Chinon, done well here, adding nothing harsh, bitter or unpleasant to the wine. You will also find soft plum and cherry fruit, modest but perfectly ripe and proportionate, rounding out the midpalate.
Generic, superficial and hard, but still with plenty of color and firepower. Feelwise, it's a narrow wine without much cushion or stuffing to fall back on. Flavors of raspberry and plum are also leafy and mildly stemmy.
Some winemakers have a special feel for Pinot Noir, and Michael Stevenson, winemaker for Elizabeth Chambers, has earned a place among those select few. Previously known as Panther Creek, the winery has been re-branded and re-imagined under the current owners. This deliberate, controlled single vineyard effort punches through with a concentrated mix of plum, rhubarb and cherry fruit, showing exceptional grip, balance and length.
Light volatile aromas distract from this blend of Seven Hills (75%) and Les Collines vineyards. The fruit flavors seem a bit leaner than expected and also somewhat dried out.
Made by the veteran winemaker Nick Goldschmidt, this is a good Cabernet showing characteristic Napa qualities. It's dry and smooth in tannins, with cassis, blackberry and oak flavors. ?Overripe in style, it has a slightly raisined feel.
Soft and sugary sweet, with spicy black raspberry and chocolate flavors, this is a clean, simple wine to drink with barbecue.
Fresh lime and lemon acidity abounds in this cool, steely wine. Delicately sweet, it offers sweet and tart tangerine flavors, augmented by edges of steel and crushed minerality.
Slightly more advanced notes stand out: a herbal tinge of sun-warmed, wild thyme has crept into the citrus peel which utterly dominates the palate. This sleek Smaragd has just started on its long ascent. It has the toned muscle and the stamina to go on and on—those who have enjoyed older vintages know of its near eternal youthfulness. On the aftertaste, herbal notes assert themselves again: dried tisane of verbena and dried apple punctuate with pleasant accents.
This is a balanced blend of Rabo de Ovelha and Roupeiro grapes. They give the wine both its crisp acidity and its ripe white-fruit flavors. The acidity and the texture suggest the wine should age for a few more months, so drink from late 2017.
Bring this one down to the cellar and don't touch it for a good six years. It's a big, powerfully tannic wine, old-fashioned in its way, which is definitely not your modern cult style. With its flood of blackberries, black cherries, cassis, anise and cedar, it should purr away beautifully for many years.
Smooth and supple, this well-rounded Pinot tastes of cherries, raspberries and pomegranate. It's soft and silky in the mouth, with good mid palate depth; very clean and fruity through the finish.
Light aromas of mango, melon and lime are quiet but clean. This is a simple but fresh white with a crisp stony mouthfeel. Easygoing flavors of melon and apple finish with a note of lime as well as a hint of wheaty yeast.
Though Viognier only makes up 1% of this wine, it substantially lifts the aromas, which bring notes of wild flowers along with blue and black fruit. The flavors are bold and full bodied, pulling no punches but showing exquisite concentration and length.
Densely tannic and firm, this wine has fresh acidity and red-plum-skin flavors. It is a solid, chunky wine, likely to age well, with a vibrant, juicy freshness in the aftertaste.
Don't let the near nonexistence of color fool you, because this is a nice racy-sweet Moscatel. Aromas of citrus peel and air freshener are mild, while this feels juicy. Tropical fruit and citrus flavors finish lean except for a touch of viscosity.
From dry-farmed 40-year-old vines perched along the Rutherford Bench, this impressive offering is sanguine and elegantly balanced, a showcase of cranberry, raspberry and milk chocolate. Refined acidity contributes to an overall lightness, with dried herb and dust lingering on the finish.
Smooth, fresh aromas suggest apple blossoms and sea air. The palate offers a proper zesty mouthfeel, zingy acidity, natural creaminess and nice flavors of green apple, sour melon and pineapple. At the end, lemony zap and lemongrass grace the finish.
The winery's first release off its estate vineyard in The Rocks offers expressive, captivating aromas of peat, dried flowers, fire pit, herbs, grilled asparagus, funk and green olive. The flavors are sweet, sumptuous and rich, showing depth and detail. It's a knockout.
The white wines from Garza do not equal their reds. This Chardonnay is muddled on the nose, with corn and oxidized apple aromas. Earthy flavors of bland fruits are saved by a respectable mouthfeel.
Dense aromas consume the nose of this bottling, showing orange liqueur, apple juice and concentrated lemon syrup. The palate is nicely sharp in mouthwatering acidity, offering juicy stone-fruit flavors.
A soft mouthfeel and fresh golden delicious apple flavors make this light-bodied wine easy on the palate. It has crisp and clean flavors all the way through.
It's rich in blackberry jam, with heady notes of cassis liqueur and sweet oak. At this price, it's a great everyday wine.
What a bargain in a fine Chardonnay. There is a hint of vanilla, flavors of pears, apples and melons and a rich mouthfeel, perfectly balanced by ample acidity. Should be easy to find, with 15,000 cases produced. From Delicato.
Made of 50% Sangiovese, 20% Merlot, 10% Cabernet and 10% Syrah, this opens with aromas of violet, red berry and a whiff of espresso. On the easy-drinking palate, a note of white pepper accents a core of juicy black cherry. It's balanced with fresh acidity and polished tannins. Enjoy soon.
From the up-and-coming Chianti Rufina area (an historic wine zone that is currently experiencing a revival of sorts) comes this plush and modern Riserva. The nose generously delivers aromas of black cherry, powdered chocolate and sweet spice.
A touch of yogurt meets with flint, smoke, sandalwood, charred wood and grilled pineapple on the nose of this bottling. It is tightly wound and tense on the palate, where yellow-apple skins, grilled Asian pear and nectarine, sea salt, butter and smoke combine into tightly hewn sip.
Il Tesoro is a pure expression of Merlot. The wine will immediately grab your attention thanks to generous and refined notes of sweet cherry, blueberry, vanilla bean, licorice, Indian spice and chocolate fudge. It imparts deliciously soft, velvety tannins in the mouth.
Horsey blackberry and cherry aromas come with a note of latex. In the mouth, this is choppy and abrupt. Raw berry flavors finish with a mild sensation of heat.
Intensely ripe, fleshy black cherry and blueberry flavors are peppered with spice and vanilla in this fragrant, plush Dornfelder. Subtly sweet, it's an easy, fruit-forward wine for early consumption.
This is one of the best Pinots Riverbench has produced. It's a delight to drink, with a silky, gentle texture and crisp acidity to get your mouth watering. For all the lightness of mouthfeel, the flavors are serious, suggesting raspberries and cherries with earthy notes of mushrooms, cola and herb tea. It would not be surprising if this wine was still gaining traction in 2020, but you can decant it and drink it now.
Waxy white floral notes accent fresh apple and pear aromas on this dry, medium-bodied wine. The palate is crisp with a refreshingly alpine coolness. Lime acidity pierces the finish.
Lime and lemon zest are joined by aromatic citrus foliage on the nose. The palate replays these sprightly refreshing notes and lets them ripple across the slender palate. This is light, dry and will put a spring in your step with its citrus liveliness.
This offers subtle black-skinned berry and cooking spice aromas. The straightforward palate evokes ripe blackberry, tobacco and licorice and is blanketed with velvety tannins. Drink through 2019.
Aromas of violet, underbrush, graphite, mature dark fruit and Asian spice lead the nose on this blend of 65% Cabernet Sauvignon, 20% Merlot and 15% Sangiovese. The ripe, smooth palate offers crushed plum, black cherry, clove and ground pepper alongside velvety tannins.
From the almost-extinct Pallagrello grape, this luminous white wine really holds its own in terms of personality and uniqueness. There are pretty mineral tones here but thanks to the wine's age (from the 2006 vintage), you'll also get more complex notes of butterscotch, caramel and apricot. You can feel the high alcohol on the close.
Produced for Force Majeure by Syncline's James Mantone, this riveting wine is a blend of 47% Mourvèdre, 42% Syrah and 11% Grenache. Lush and redolent with wild berry and wet rock aromatics, it carries a thread of sweet grain along with bright, detailed berry fruit and balancing acidity. Delicious already, it can be enjoyed now through 2020.
Dryness and acidity mark this terrific wine. It's one for connoisseurs, a Pinot that requires some understanding to fully appreciate, as it's not a hedonistic seducer. The cherry and blackberry flavors have a fruit-skin bitterness, and there are additional nuances of violets, cola, leather, balsam and smoky oak. This is certainly one for the cellar. Drink now, with decanting, and over the next eight years.
Pale rose in color, this soft, tasty wine seems to be moving quickly along the aging curve. It spent some time in 30% new French oak, cloaking its flavors of rhubarb pie in highlights of cracker and milk chocolate. Drink this sooner rather than later.
Supple at first, with brown sugar and prune flavors that seem sweetly ripe, but this full-bodied wine firms up substantially on the finish, where it turns a bit leathery in flavor and coffee-astringent. Drink now, before the fruit fades.
This Chardonnay-based sparkler offers aromas of yellow rose, apricot, honey and toasted almond. Steely, firm perlage makes this a great wine to sip as you socialize before a meal.
From a two acre plot in Walla Walla, this lush, elegant wine shows Kurt Schlicker's deft, complex approach to winemaking. 100% barrel fermented, it clocks in at 14% alcohol and tastes of clean fruit, with light hints of buttered toast and toasted nuts. Elegant and sophisticated, it shows a deft touch with the wood.
Still young, this complex and dense wine packed with tannins celebrates the fact that the vineyard is on the Greenwich meridian longitude line. The 95% Tannat (and 5% Cabernet Franc) has weight and a layered structure of black fruits and acidity, all of which promise aging. Drink from 2019 or hold until 2034, 150th anniversary of Greenwich Prime Meridian.
Tough in tannins and sweet in jammy blackberry and cherry flavors, this Petite Sirah tastes rustic. It will probably age forever but never lose that countrified personality.
Dominated by sweet oak and sweet fruit, this Chardonnay is made to appeal to consumers who enjoy the popular style. This tastes like orange and lemon jam, with body from the alcohol.
A heavy frosting of sweet oak aroma and flavor covers this otherwise soft and unassuming wine. It smells like custard, tastes like pastry and has a butterscotch note on the finish.
Wiry herbal aromas of blueberry and currant lead to an acidic citrusy palate that's choppy and a bit rough. Quick-hitting plum and currant flavors are herbal before hollowing out on a zesty, tannic finish.
Ripe and juicy, with black currant, blackberry jam and cherry flavors and smooth tannins. Lacks a bit of depth, but the richness works.
Another fantastic bargain wine from Cramele Recas, the Dreambird is a delightfully fresh, floral Pinot Grigio that's zesty with lemon and just a hint of steely minerality on the finish. Bright, clean and refreshingly easy quaffing.
Dry, soft, and tannic, with earthy, coffee and cherry flavors, this clean red wine is rather rustic. It will wash down burgers and beef stew very easily.
Earthy aromas of stewed plum and burnt leaves come in front of a drawing, raw palate with fresh acidity. Roasted, savory plum and berry flavors are fairly standard. This wine is dense but still lively on the finish.
Clean and herbaceous, this high-acid Sauvignon Blanc recalls an excellent Quincy for style and value. Sharp and grassy, clean and refreshing, it's a perfect shellfish wine.
Firmly tannic, angular and powerful, this has concentrated bitter-coffee and licorice flavors that come through strongly, offering intense acidity, a black plum note and a dark finish.
Lifted blackberry and cherry aromas meld into flavors of ripe black-fruit, violet and black pepper on this bold, beautiful Bordeaux-style blend. It's richly concentrated, with vibrant acidity and lush, furry tannins. Generously spiced on the finish.
A light, sophisticated nose of white flowers and citrus is followed by balanced fresh fruit and acid. The wine has a light touch but impresses with its elegant overall character. Pair with grilled fish or salads. A wine with poise and class.
With its crisp pear, apple and citrus flavors, this lightweight wine would work well as an apéritif. Some orange-blossom notes on the nose and a slight bitterness on the finish give it additional dimension. A small amount of Riesling boosts the aromatics further.
Strong tannins are a given with varietal Petite Sirah, and they are here in force, along with dark, deep notes of licorice, vanilla and cassis fruit. It's a big wine throughout, with very ripe fruit that never veers into jammy flab. Just plain delicious all the way through the long finish.
Smooth and rich, concentrated and dense. Dusty tannins power the dark fruit and sweet texture. Black plums and acidity match the dry, tannic structure.
Marked by forward flavors of raspberries, strawberries, cherries and brown sugar, this blend is easy to drink. It has good acidity, and finishes clean and off dry.
This is also a Milbrandt vineyard, but quite different flavors emerge from the other Milbrandt wines. Plenty of black cherry fruit, with a minerality that suggests iron ore. Penetrating, ripe and potent (15% alcohol), yet well balanced and complex, with wild herbs lurking in the background.
Made entirely with Nero d'Avola, this opens with aromas of ripe black-skinned fruit and exotic spice. The straightforward, accessible palate delivers black cherry, ground pepper and a hint of star anise while dusty tannins lend a firm finish. Enjoy soon.
Flowery and sweet through and through, this lighthearted dessert wine could also serve as apéritif as it's perfectly sippable, or as a pairing with something packed with spice, like enchiladas or red curry.
A whiff of orange blossoms accents bright Meyer lemon and quince flavors on this zesty, invigorating wine. Off-dry in style, it's unabashedly fruity yet wraps up elegantly with a murmur of lime-skin astringency.
Intensely colored and miles better than the label's troubled basic Tempranillo, this is an Argentinean rendition of Spain's workhorse grape that showcases berry and plum flavors, plenty of oak and ample chocolate and espresso on the finish. More impressive when taken as a whole; best to drink with barbecue and not get too analytical.
A little raw around the edges, but pretty good for the price. Shows true Cab character, with juicy berry and chocolate flavors and a hint of smoky oak. The finish is dry and spicy.
Simple, fresh yellow-apple fruit is met with some citrus freshness on the clean palate that could do with a little more precision. Nonetheless, this is neutral, versatile and fresh.
This is an elegant wine that has a smooth, perfumed character, with a racy, peppery edge. It has a crisp element, white fruit and pineapple. This should age for several years. Screwcap.
Squeaky-fresh lemon and lime shine a spotlight against sweet melon and stone fruit flavors in this gossamer-textured spätlese. It's dancingly delicate, yet deeply penetrating on the palate, finishing on lingering notes of hazelnut and white flowers.
Still wound tight, it shows promise via its peppery underbelly surrounding a core of raspberry, cedar and herb. Made from California grapes at a Vermont-based winery.
A complex palate and lingering finish give this wine serious appeal. Tropical fruit aromas and a combination of minerals and lush fruit in the mouth offer elegant balance. The wine has a delicious, mouthcoating appeal but still offers a spin of fresh, clean flavors. Versatile with food—from rich to spicy.
Jasmine, honeysuckle, apricot and citrus aromas open. The bright, savory palate presents juicy pineapple, ripe pear, white peach and lemon zest framed in tangy acidity. Hints of Mediterranean herb add depth while a mineral note energizes the finish.
88-90 Barrel sample. As so often in past vintages, the new wood seems out of kilter with the fruit. It makes for a tight wine, toasty, and there is solid fruit there. But the wood comes through too strongly.
Black plum, chocolate-covered cherry and mocha sensations come together alongside forceful tannins. It's rather ripe and forward for the vintage. Drink 2018–2025.
One of the few great values from Pauillac, this 10-acre estate has produced an attractive perfumed wine that expresses both ripe black fruit and great structure. It's not a wine for long aging with its already-fragrant acidity. It has sweet tannins, delicious fruitiness and a lengthy aftertaste. Drink from 2019.
This estate-driven wine combines 84% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Cabernet Franc and 6% Merlot. Made in a classical Old-World style, it offers chalky tannin around composted earth, blackberry and cassis. The texture is firm and grippy, with supportive acidity at its core.
From Kestrel View Estates, this is clean and varietal, a bit high-toned, with a citrus underpinning and simple, plain fruit. Tannins are smooth and ripe, and the oak well-managed. It's a lighter style, with a bit of heat in the finish.
A subdued raspberry aroma are sets up the elegant palate, with perky red-plum and raspberry flavors. It finishes dry, clean and slightly complex.
On first pour, the aromas of toast, char, spice and herb show some reduction that blows off over time. The purple-fruit flavors are lighter in style, showing a pleasing sense of purity, with the concentration dipping in the middle before coming back together on the finish.
The wine is herbal, structured, boasting the freshness of 2008. It has delicious fruit, very black currant and red berries, the acidity lacing right through. With wood aging still showing, it would benefit from three years aging.
Delicate scents of elderflower and orchard fruit mix in the glass while the lively palate offers rennet apple, citrus zest and a whiff of nutmeg. Crisp acidity brightens the juicy flavors.
Lightly scented with a Riesling-like petrol note, this pungent, grassy Sauvignon Blanc offers a crisply focused mix of celery, green berry and spring herb.
Stewy at first, this gets better after opening and catching some air, developing into a straightforward Rhône blend, with soft tannins and strips of cinnamon and vanilla.
A dark and hearty McLaren Vale Shiraz, with plenty of weight and tannin and concentrated cola, black olive and leather flavors. Hints of mulberry, cedar and vanilla lighten it just enough, but this wine could use another few years before entering its prime drinking window. Finishes long and richly tannic. Drink 2010–2020.
Plum, black cherry and pepper gives this hearty red a lush start. Round, full flavors of black fruit and spice on the palate are balanced by moderate tannins and good acidity. Pair with game, hearty stews,and grilled steaks.
In keeping with its Western Australian origins, this is a medium-bodied Shiraz, without the overbearing ripeness found from some other regions. Black cherry fruit is accented by hints of mint or eucalyptus, while the tannins are silky and fine. Drink it now and over the next several years.
This alluring red blend start with aromas of cherry, blueberry, cedar and spice and leads into pretty layers of red berry, cherry and violets on the palate. Soft and full with good acid balance, it's a lovely combination of native and international varieties.
A project of Charles Smith and Charles Bieler, this easy-drinking, approachable red is a low-budget expression of a popular blend. The sweet cherry fruit is lightly candied, and it bears a strong scent of toast. The flavors are simple, juicy and quite pretty, with a streak of fresh cut tobacco.
Soft and simple, with sugary, pie-filling flavors of blackberries and cherries.
Edgy slightly sharp aromas of herbal berry fruits, olive and eucalyptus set up a tight rough palate. Big-time herbal flavors are oaky and taste of leafy black fruits and olive. This powerful Cab Franc finishes with woody notes of mint along with herbal berry and leftover eucalyptus nut flavors.
Collelungo opens with a luminous and vibrant ruby color and offers deep oak tones that are followed by less intense aromas of blackberry, red cherry and cinnamon. In the mouth, the wine is soft and velvety with lingering oak spice on the finish.
This is a good, straightforward table wine with mild fruit flavors, medium body and a touch of vanilla on the finish.
A light, softly sparkling wine, its apple flavors laced with citric acidity, There is a yeasty edge, some bitter almonds and a final zing. Not for aging.
Smells whole, so you're hopeful going in. But the palate is stark and rather raw, while the flavors of raspberry and cherry are limited. A palate slammer with harsh tannins. Tempranillo 65%/Cabernet Sauvignon 35%.
A nice, lush wine with a lot of smoky oak and lees framing well-ripened apple and peach flavored fruit. Feels rich and creamy in the mouth, and oriental spices tingle the  palate on the long finish.
Pointed and fresh on the nose despite a whopping and seemingly heavy 15.5% alcohol level. Given its weight class, sweetness on the bouquet and palate are not unexpected; flavors run toward candied cherry and raspberry, and as a whole it's all about sweet, bouncy red fruit and friendliness.
This densely extracted expression of Pinot Nero opens with aromas of tilled soil, espresso, toasted oak and sage. The concentrated palate delivers blackberry extract, coffee, vanilla, chocolate and a hint of herb alongside assertive but fine-grained tannins.
Good price for a firm, steely Chardonnay that's elegant and dry through the finish. Minerals and citrus fruits mark it, with a Meyer lemon tartness given added richness from 25% new oak fermentation. Ready now.
The light, silky mouthfeel bears bright, citrusy acidity. It's dry and elegant, like Pinot should be. The flavors are rich and forward in raspberries, cherries and spices. It's a pretty Pinot Noir for drinking now.
Simple and soft, this has flavors of sweet, candied fruit and buttered toast.
Very light in color, this bubbly shows ripe apples, caramelized pears, nectarine flesh, yellow cake and the slightest hint of roasted nuts, marzipan and yeast on the dynamic nose. Nuttiness and yeastiness also touch the tightly wound and tart palate, flavored further with seared pineapple, apricot and apple flesh elements.
Aromas of cedar cigar box, subtle flower, spice and dry berry form a good bouquet. Searing acidity creates some sharpness, while the primary flavors of berry and plum are offset by red tomato and dry spice. Roasted, dry, spicy and slightly bitter on the finish.
This 100% Sangiovese opens with pretty aromas of iris, violet, dark berry and a blend of cooking spices. On the palate, ground black pepper, anise and espresso accent a core of dried black cherry while tightly knit, assertive tannins provide backup. Drink 2017–2022.
This is the kind of Brunello you want on a cold winter night by the fireplace. The wine delivers dark concentration with oak spice and tobacco followed by a long succession of bright berry nuances. The tannins are tight and firm and the acidity renders a cool, sharp feel on the close.
This is a lean, acid-driven wine, without much in the way of generous fruit. It has a green strawberry note, with a light sense of structure and a minerally finish.
Brick House was one of the first to plant Gamay Noir in the Willamette Valley, and may well be the state's leading producer in terms of quantity. This is loaded with chunky cherry fruit, a penetrating style that simply brings a grin with every sip. Aromatics of root beer, sassafras and hard cherry candy add to the complexity.
Earthy, tart cherry and strawberry paint a pretty picture in this aromatic, inviting wine, a bold, fruity offering accented by luscious streaks of herb. Well-integrated and composed, dustings of cocoa and cola spice build steam on the finish, the overall package just lightly oaked.
An attractive wine with spicy fruitcake flavors. It is simple, easy to drink and well-made. A touch of acidity lends it balance, the dried fruits give it some heat.
A Cabernet-based blend, with Merlot, Malbec and Petit Verdot, this offers pleasing aromatic complexity, with notes of coffee, dark fruit and vanilla, accented by floral overtones. The palate is full bodied, with abundant coffee and cherry flavors backed by firm tannins. The fruit and oak seem to tussle a bit at present; try after 2017.
Rounder and more fruity than the inaugural 2007 Pinot Gris, this has succulent green apple and Bosch pear flavors balanced against crisp, refreshing acids.
Donna Anita is a fresh Arneis from northern Italy that boasts a pretty mineral characteristic backed by light fruit touches of citrus and peach.
This lovely, single-vineyard Sauvignon Blanc showcases bright, ripe fruit with crisp acidity, and manages to finish dry. It's creamy textured, packed with lemon, lime and pink grapefruit flavors, and richer notes of melons, figs, wild honey, vanilla and smoke.
Berry and plum aromas are rustic and stalky. Snappy and a bit sharp in feel, this shows leathery, roasted cherry and berry flavors in front of a short finish with black cherry notes.
A relatively new producer in the Bendigo region of Central Otago, this wine won big at the annual Air New Zealand Wine Awards and it's easy to see why. Lovely black cherry aromas and flavors are touched with hints of herbs and spice, while the mouthfeel is rich and velvety. Finishes long, with hints of vanilla and spice.
Sometimes a wine’s bouquet says it all: Here it’s delectable, redolent of black cherries and prunes. It also looks great in the glass. Flavors are of raspberry and light oak. The mouthfeel is beautiful. While all Panther Creek wines have a sleekness to them, the Nysa sets the standard for being sleek. 170 cases made.
Baked and earthy on the opening, with meaty, spiced aromas that settle on roasted and heavy. Feels mostly healthy, with vanilla and dill flavors leading the way for roasted berry and oak spice. Finishes juicy but drawn down.
Struck flint and smoke lend exotic shadows to brighter notes of yellow peach and quince in this particularly mineral Kabinett. Tart tangerine and lime acidity bristle the palate, leading to a long finish marked by tangs of dusty saffron and salt. It's ready to drink now but should improve through at least 2021.
In this high acid year, the wine shows a tart streak of citrus, almost like a Syrah. It has not really come together, despite ample bottle age––the acids stick out, and the fruit is submerged by the flavors of new French oak.
Tart greengage plums join grapefruit and lemon in this fresh, light-bodied offering. Traces of yeast add some midpalate texture to a very refreshing, easy-drinking wine.
A barrel-fermented wine with soft, lactic aromas that conjure memories of a bowl of cornflakes. The palate is dry but rather tasteless except for some distant melon and citrus. Finishes bland.
A flat tasting, slightly sweet, generic white wine.
An easy-to-like Zinfandel notable for its soft, velvety texture and upfront flavors. The raspberry jam and cocoa finish is almost sweet. Sausages are an ideal accompaniment.
The balance of this wine is what makes it so impressive. Spice and yellow fruit intermingle effortlessly. There is a core of tight, coiled steel, like a spring, which gives minerality along with the richness. At the end, acidity lifts the wine, finishing with freshness as well as intensity.
Not all that pointed on the nose, but shows good depth and peak maturity in the mouth. The palate is fleshy and dry, with melon and peach flavors and just enough acidity to keep it lively. Finishes dry and clean, with a spot of pithy bitterness that's not unusual for Verdejo. Nice but definitely drink soon.
A bright juicy wine, this has acidity, red-berry fruits and a touch of black currants. This is an attractive wine already, just needing a few months to settle down. Drink from 2017.
This Livermore-based producer continues to impress with a range of Spanish, Italian and Portuguese whites. This Verdelho no exception, a grape that in Europe makes its way into Madeira. This Lodi-sourced version is a rich white with layers of texture on the diesel, flint and gravelly side of things with plenty of acidity, kiwi notes and a long finish.
This single-vineyard offering is almost transparent. Thin fruit runs quickly into a buttery finish.
Rich tannins give this wine a bracing mouthfeel, but it's still drinkable now. While it's a big wine, the palate feels -elegant and silky, with spicy flavors of black cherry and licorice. The 2010s should have one of the longer shelf lives of recent vintages, holding for at least another decade.
Friulano grapes see a touch of air-drying to increase their overall intensity and concentration. The results are fantastic and this white wine from northeast Italy does show beautiful apricot, honey and almond-like nuances.
Made with the little-known indigenous Pelaverga Piccolo grape, this ruby-colored red wine from Piedmont delivers a crisp, fresh and streamlined package that is distantly reminiscent of Nebbiolo. It's rustic but ripe with personality and if you are curious about new Italian varieties, give it a try.
Vibrant tropical fruit and citrus on the nose start this poised white from Greece. Pineapple, lemon and banana flavors are balanced by refreshing acidity and minerality. Overall, the wine is a delicious blend of fresh and fruity. A great find.
For the vintage, a powerful wine that shows all the structure of Gevrey-Chambertin and preserves the black jelly fruit and acidity. The edge of fresh wild strawberry gives the wine a great final fruity aftertaste.
Light and smoky, this is a fruit-forward, soft wine. Berry flavors are balanced by the stalky texture. It's young, although very ready to drink.
Another fine vintage for this veteran Napa winery. Shows a classic Napa character, with ripe flavors of cassis and blackcurrants and finely-ground, complex but easy tannins. The oak, which contributes vanilla, smoke and woody spice, is strong, but not oppressive. Doesn't seem to be an ager, and best enjoyed soon.
The nose on this isn't very expressive, but eventually reveals aromas of cooked fruit and a whiff of barnyard. The palate delivers black pepper and cured meat but the fruit has completely dried up. Fleeting but drying tannins give it an astringent finish.
A big, brooding wine, the fruit ripe and dense. Richness surrounds structure, giving a sumptuous layer to the dusty tannins. Flavors of currants, spice and juicy berries flow through the wine, giving power and suavity. The freshness of 2006 shows on the finish of this important wine.
An underlying richness and toasty character grounds the upfront aromas of citrus pith, green apple and pineapple core. Accessible and friendly, the structure is soft and easy, with medium acidity and light flavors of ripe pear flesh, honeydew and creamed orange. A hint of peach-pit nuttiness graces the medium-length finish. Drink now.
Spy Valley's 2007 Envoy Pinot Noir is an attractive wine, featuring an exterior of brown sugar, dry leaves and coffee and a fruit-filled cherry center. The only concern is the slightly drying finish and some slightly coarse, rustic tannins. If those resolve gracefully, this rating may look stingy in 3 years' time.
Almost bone dry, this Champagne can be difficult to appreciate, layered with acidity and green fruit. But get beneath its dryness and the fruit is surprisingly ripe, with pink grapefruit flavors. This is a wine that demands bottle aging to soften the acidity, so an indication of disgorgement would be helpful. Imported by Laurent-Perrier.
A full, toasty style of Chardonnay that brings out rich fruits, peaches and pears, along with a lime zest that cuts through the rich texture. There is weight here, with a final edge of pepper as well as acidity.
Unusually spicy, purple-toned and lightly herbal, this pure Malbec is not a big, dark, supertannic wine, but rather a fruit-forward picnic red with a bit of herbal muscle. In the back of the finish you taste some bacon fat and smoked meat. It's well done and interesting, but not quite up to Argentine quality.
A very elaborate Chardonnay showing flavors of exotic fruits, spices, buttered toast and cream. Charred oak and acidity currently dominate, making the wine a little rigid, but a year or two in bottle should soften and sweeten.
Aromas of black plum, pipe tobacco, cooking spice and crushed herb lead the nose of this structured blend of 50% Merlot, 40% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Petit Verdot. The smooth palate delivers dried black currants, blackberry extract, licorice and cloves wrapped up in velvety tannins.
Rooty, earthy aromas of cola, baking spices, blackberry and pepper are potent and ripe. Like always, this is a generous, well-balanced example of Ribera del Duero with toasty oak flavors riding on top of baking spice, plum and cassis notes. Vanilla and mint flavors on the finish are oak-based, while modest heat and burn call for short-term aging. Drink through 2019.
A large (for Saint-Émilion) estate of 93 acres has produced a dark wine that is layered with tight, dry tannins. The fruit is still buried under this tough exterior, although there are strong hints of the juicy black currant future. Drink from 2018.
Almost Port-like, with extremely high alcohol and a thick, glyceriney mouthfeel that frames superripe blackberry, cherry and dark chocolate flavors. Yet the wine is very dry, and rich in its own eccentric way.
From a larger portion of viticulturist Anne Moller-Racke's home vineyard, this wine needs time to unravel itself out of a compact and concentrated funk of cedar and mint. The tannin weight is present and powerful. Roses and wild raspberries form a pact of flavor and beguiling aromatic invitation.
Easygoing, with apple and citrus on both the nose and palate. Good acidity, upright in the mouth, and quaffable. Topped like a beer bottle; we can see it flowing freely over the course of the summer.
This big, ripe wine is now past its youth. That is bringing out the toast, yeast and walnut flavors. But the acidity is not far away, coming from the taut texture, and leaving a crisp fresh, raspberry-flavored aftertaste.
Dry and tart in acidity, this Pinot Noir offers cherry-skin-like tannins that give the palate a brittle sensation. Give it 5–6 years to let the raspberry and cherry flavors meld with the notes of oak and mineral. It should last the next 15 years, gradually losing its fruit and gaining earthy, mushroomy complexities.
Red berry, rose, iris, aniseed and forest floor aromas lead the nose on this structured red. The full-bodied palate offers juicy wild cherry, crushed raspberry, coffee, white pepper and cinnamon framed in firm, fine-grained tannins that lend elegance and structure.
Although this Cabernet is ripe, it's harsh in the mouth, with a tart scour. Drink it with rich fare, like burgers.
This is the most delicious of Pine Ridge's current quartet of Cabs. It shows ripe black currant, cassis and cedar flavors that are immediately accessible, but have an underlying power due to the quality of the tannins. Should age, but not for long. Best now through 2010.
Soft and dull, with flavors of blackberries, chocolate, currants, plums and pepper. Lacks structure and vibrancy.
Here's a simple sparkling wine that delivers subtle tones of peach and stone fruit with a thin and transparent appearance. This expression does a nice job of presenting sweet fruit tones against fresh acidity.
This 60-40 blend of Trebbiano Toscano and Malvasia Bianca offers a traditional interpretation with thick sweetness and aromas of roasted chestnut, caramel and honey.
At only 8.5% alcohol, this is on the racy, lean side, although there's sufficient residual sigar to balance the crisp acids. Aromas of lime and crushed stone give way to crisp fruit-driven flavors that artfully balance sweet and tart.
Smooth and supple, Amavi's 2005 Cabernet includes a healthy bit of Syrah, which adds details of spice and pepper to the smooth and supple cassis and black cherry fruit. Tannins are ripe and well-defined, and the wine carries subtle suggestions of olive and tea. It's focused and bright, polished and immediately delicious, though it could certainly cellar for a few years.
Fragrant blue flower, ripe berry, scorched earth and a whiff of new leather unfold in the glass. The big, chewy palate offers juicy black cherry, ground pepper, clove, star anise and a hint of game framed in youthfully austere, teeth coating tannins. Drink after 2021.
Spicy, peppery oak aromas are presented on a backdrop of red berry fruit. This wine's texture is its centerpiece: It has a smooth, mouthcoating, milky-clay feel, and deals berry and subtle oak flavors. Very enjoyable. Imported by Epic Wines.
This Muscat starts with floral and honeyed aromas, followed by a lush combination of honey, citrus and white fruits on the palate. A good interplay of spice and fruit, it will pair well with soft cheeses and fruit.
This Columbia Gorge winery is knocking it out of the park with its Chardonnays. This estate reserve is tangy and tart, a luscious mix of apple, pear and melon. It seems to gain power and concentration in the mouth, buoyed by perfect acidity.
Herbal and savory smelling up front, this cool-vintage Cabernet also shows plum, berry and mild green aromas. A tight, tannic palate offers flavors of herbal plum and cherry, while the finish is choppy, drawing and tannic, with herbal leftovers.
At first, this Riesling looks sort of bland and troubled—the aromas are nondescript, the mouthfeel broad. But this wine really improves given time—the melon and peach fruit comes alive and crisp, citrusy notes assert themselves on the finish.
Smells oceanic, like sea foam, field greens and flowers. Feels lean, quick and tart, with fresh red fruit flavors followed by acidity and dry, peppery spice. Lightly oaky and tangy on the finish.
MacPhail's basic Anderson Valley Pinot is a good wine, dry and silky, with spicy flavors of cherries, currents and cola. It's a bit light in body, but tasty and interesting.
Solid red fruit makes an excellent first impression and aromas of rose petal, red earth, cedar and mint are both pleasing and long lasting. The wine sees 10 months of oak and embodies all the vibrancy of this dynamic, young-in-spirit Puglia wine estate.
There's a bit of rose petal on the nose, but this Gewurz tilts more to the lychee side of the taste spectrum, with spiced pears adding to the mix. Balanced and soft, with a gentle finish that fades a little too quickly.
The vintage was kind to Rodney Strong, resulting in a fine, clean, crisp and savory young wine. It's a little light and not an ager, but offers complex, satisfying waves of red cherries and currants, cola, bacon, sandalwood and peppery spices.
This is a lovely Cabernet Franc, polished and clean. It's wound tight, with black fruits and firm, pencil lead tannins. There's a dash of clean earth, good length, and some softening of the mid-palate from the addition of 18% Merlot.
A little sweet, which makes the wine less subtle, this Pinot Noir and Chardonnay blend has jammy raspberry, cherry and vanilla smoke flavors. The finish is very sweet.
Lots of bang for the buck in this rich, fruity Chardonnay. It hits it right down the middle in solid popular appeal, with New World tropical fruit, citrus and peach flavors wrapped into a buttercream texture and liberally accented with smoky oak.
This year's Rosemary's is dry, crisp in citrusy acids, and wonderfully complex. It shows fresh, sweet pineapple fruit and spicy overtones of cinnamon and nutmeg along with layers of minerals and dried herbs. Easily takes its place in the front ranks of California Chardonnay.
Bold, but complete and well-balanced, this full-bodied wine from a Sierra Foothills stalwart is packed with opulent black plum and cassis flavors and a firmly tannic texture. It starts with lightly smoky, peppery aromas and finishes with lingering fruit, spice and mocha notes. Best after 2020.
A fun wine, with plenty of plum and berry flavors cloaked in oak, with a hint of earth to add interest. Quaffable for its smooth mouthfeel and moderate tannins, the nose has a hint of sour cherry. A Pinotage,  Cabernet and Merlot blend. Imported by Broadbent Selections, Inc.
Aromas of gun smoke, blue fruit and herbs are followed by palate-coating cherry and chocolate flavors. The finish is impressive.
Round and soft, this features white fruit flavors filled out by a touch of smokiness and light acidity. It's gentle, dry and full bodied. Screwcap.
Holding the massive bottle in your hand, you'd rightly expect the wine inside to be a bit of a monster. But instead, it's a light, almost delicate effort, with pretty cherry fruit edged in smoky toast. There is nothing to indicate either vineyard or winemaking facility, but someone has a nice elegant touch. Drink now through 2020.
Sweet fruit, pure and crystal clear defines this single-vineyard effort from King Estate. It's a crisp, tight Pinot with firm fruit and a concentrated, spicy middle. Nothing jammy or over the top, but well made and knit together. This is the third year they have made the wine, though just the second “official” release.
91-93 Barrel sample. Tight and taut, the austere tannins offer density, minerality. It is all in the promise here, obviously a wine designed for aging.
Gravelly texture supports rich yet balanced baked apple and anise flavors in this hugely appealing wine from old vines in one of the producer's estate vineyards. As it opens, more floral components come to life, recalling jasmine and apple blossom, feeling high-toned and refreshing.
This is an extraordinary Barolo with deep and intriguing layers of wild berry, orange zest, almond skin, light graphite shadings and lingering smoke or dried tobacco. The wine feel smooth and supple in the mouth and closes with firm tannins that give it backbone and staying power.
This thick, rich and dense wine may need time to overcome its wealth of leathery sinew and black pepper. The fruit is elusive, allowing the savory elements to dominate all around. This may need cellaring to come around, through 2020.
This wine is at its peak and you may wish to wait for the 2006, but if you encounter this toasty, mineral-influenced Godello, go for it. The palate is loaded with peach, papaya and green melon, while the finish is creamy and smooth. With Gaba do Xil, the stateliness and simple pleasures of Valdeorras on are on full display. From Vinos de Telmo Rodriguez.
Finely perfumed, a wine that has some elegant structure, sweet red-berry fruits and a light acidity. The texture is gentle, soft and rounded, ready to drink now.
The aromas are brooding, with notes of cranberry and dark fruit sprinkled with baking spices. The palate is rich and flavorful, packing a wallop of cherry flavors.
A soft, easy citrus- and pear-flavored wine, just fruit and caramel. This is almost apéritif Chardonnay, fresh and finishing crisply. From the village of Chardonnay in the Mâcon region. Imported by Louis Latour Inc.
This new micro-boutique impresses with graceful wines at affordable prices. The Viognier is a tasty compendium of floral and citrus flesh and skin scents and flavors. It's sharp and sophisticated, inviting experimentation with a variety of seafood and poultry (think lemon chicken!).
Aromas of lees and baked apple lead to lightly viscous feeling sweet fruit flavors that linger. It's a crowd pleaser.
This is the top wine from La Bégude, named after the highest point in the vineyard at 1200 feet. It has structure, density and considerable acidity that is still calming down. With 18 months in wood, the wine has developing an extra richness and concentration. Produced by the Tari family, formerly of Château Giscours in Margaux, it is a wine made for aging. Drink from 2020.
This elegant white opens with aromas of crushed tomato vine, yellow peach and elderflower. The juicy palate doles out grapefruit, honeydew melon and a hint of papaya. Fresh acidity provides support.
This is a substantial wine, from the deep-gold color to the vivid apricot and toasted-almond aromas, to the full body, rounded texture and lingering finish. Savory flavors like consomme, walnuts and minerals add complexity to the fruity components, so it keeps unfolding with each sip.
A bold, candy cherry pink shade, this carries crisp apple flavors into a bone dry, rather tart middle. It's young and still pulling itself together, but chill it down and it should liven up a mid-summer deck party.
This fragrant, red cherry- and sage-scented Chianti is made from organically grown Sangiovese, Canaiolo and Colorino. The easygoing palate delivers raspberry, redcurrant and leather notes, framed by smooth tannins and fresh acidity. It's meant to be enjoyed young.
Whiffs of smoke lend a savory feel to pressed apple notes on this dry, delicately framed wine. The palate bristles with lemon-lime acidity and finishes long and lean with a hint of wet stones.
From a grape rarely used alone in the United States, this bottling from Rodney's Vineyard shows tart red fruit, carnation and iron aromas on the subtle and fresh nose. Its ripe red fruit flavors are presented in a light-bodied frame, with vivid energy and clean mouthfeel.
This aged expression of Motto Piane Soave drinks with such intensity, thickness and golden brilliance, you'd almost mistake it for a dessert wine. Aromas include candied fruit and sweet pineapple.
A ripe and fruity Chard with a lavish overlay of sweet, smoky oak and spicy vanilla. It's very extracted and a little clumsy, with a rough, earthy finish.
The showpiece chateau of Berne has produced this later bottling of rosé, a wine that is ready to drink. Crisp red fruits are underlined by acidity and a bitter orange edge. The wine is lightly structured, zesty and fruity right the way through.
Ultrasmooth and luxurious in the mouth, with the fine tannins and complex cherry, blueberry, anise and mocha flavors of a fine red wine, and the finish is dry and lingering. It's a bit soft and hot, but a lovely Merlot to drink now.
This is a smooth, rich wine with just the right amount of tannic structure and wood flavors to add complexity. It has density along with red berry and black-cherry fruits that are lifted by acidity. It's a wine for aging, so don't drink before 2018.
A tiny percentage of Barbera grapes accounts for why this famous wine is not labeled as a Barolo. The Nebbiolo is sourced from the Cerequio Cru and offers long aromas of dried fruit, licorice, tar, tobacco, bitter chocolate and cola. The finish is extremely fine and polished. Drink after 2025.
A blend of Aglianico and Piedirosso, this savory, hearty wine opens with earthy aromas of underbrush and dark spices. The dense palate delivers ripe black-cherry flavor that's layered with black pepper, clove and cinnamon. A mineral note closes the juicy finish, alongside firm but silky tannins.
This is a spicy, peppery wine initially, opening with a fragrant, fresh and citrus character. It's bright and crisp, showing some intensity from low-yield vines. Full, ripe and fresh on the finish. Screwcap.
A lot of different aromas are vying for attention; there's spearmint, potting soil, tobacco and black fruits. The palate is saturated and pretty deep for what can best be described as a “value” wine. Flavors of blackberry and dark plums are wholesome and tasty. It's nicely balanced on the whole, with medium tannins.
Hints of fresh mint leaves highlight the brooding black currant and dark fruit aromas. The balance of Cabernet and Merlot has been successfully achieved, as the wine is beautifully structured with a firm backbone of ample tannins and a rich, supple mouthfeel.
Plum and kirsch aromas are offset by toast and coffee. Lots more plum, cedar, coffee and chocolate in the mouth. Tobacco and spice grace the finish of this well crafted, balanced and elegant wine. It's one that just feels and tastes right.
This winery is one of the region's bright spots, in this case offering expertly layered touches of vanilla, caramel, cappuccino, blueberry and a touch of oregano in the blend of 42% Cabernet Sauvignon, 30% Merlot, 13% Cabernet Franc, 8% Malbec and 7% Petit Verdot. Cocoa nibs, coffee, black cherry, dill, bay leaf and black olive pop on the palate, where the lingering acidity ensures aging potential.
The biodynamically grown fruit that has gone into this ripe impressive wine has given great richness. It is structured while full of yellow fruit and an opulent character. The wine is still young, still full of baby fruit and will be superb from 2018.
Flashes of buttery new oak show up in the lively aromas and richer flavors of this medium-bodied, barrel-fermented and elegant wine. It has a fine array of nutmeg, vanilla and lemon accents lifted by good acidity.
Smells exotic and unusual, and frankly not a whole lot like Cabernet Sauvignon. The palate is high in acid, so there's a citric sheer to the mouthfeel along with generic berry and spice flavors. Tartness and tannic clamp show up on the finish.
Dark and earthy, this has flavors of wild berry, savory spice, toasted almond, rose petal and mint. The finish is smooth and silky.
This is arguably the best of the current Agate Ridge reds. It's a nicely focused Syrah, mixing flavors of raspberry, chocolate and coffee syrup into a ripe bundle. The tannins are supportive and proportionate.
This wine opens with some volatility that shows up as dried apple skin, strawberry jam, apricot and dusty earth. It offers polished tannins and bright, buoyant feel. There are loads of ripe strawberry on the close.
The mix of fresh crisp apple and shortbread notes on the nose is a delight. The same interplay of fresh, ripe and crisp apple fruit and the more developed richer notes of autolysis continue on the light and dry palate, supported by lively fine fizzing mousse. Inherent freshness brightens the entire palate while the long shortbread-tinged aftertaste makes for a very elegant finish. Lovely.
Elena Walch's fantasy wine is a blend of Chardonnay and four other varieties that she does not reveal. Eighteen months in oak give the wine a fine, toasty character and creamy fruit, but still leaves the hallmark Alto Adige crispness and freshness.
There's a spicy soul to this beautiful Syrah, as forward notes of white pepper, licorice and sweet spice abound on the nose and mouth, infusing the raspberry, cherry and brambly blackberry fruits throughout. Additional notes of purple violets, fynbos and black tea add depth and interest. Medium weight, the approachable palate boasts a crushed satin texture, with fine yet gripping tannins that hang on through the spicy finish. Drink now–2020.
This is just a bit on the sweet side, but there is plenty of acidity to be found. It's fruity, peachy, succulent and fresh.
Front-loaded with rich, ripe fruit and smooth tannins, this Syrah shows an elegant complexity that makes it a good companion now for upscale fare. The blackberry, cherry, cassis, plum, licorice and mocha flavors have an exotic, spicy edge.
Fruit flavors of ripe strawberry preserves open into a dark, toasty blended red. Straightforward and oaky, it's a consumer-friendly style that should have wide appeal.
After the Undurraga family sold off their eponymous family winery, the younger generation started Koyle with CS and Syrah. This is their best wine of the inaugural release. It's dark, deep, piercing and perfumed, with fine tobacco and berry fruit aromas and flavors. Oak is well applied; the fruit intense and pure. Only the young, tough tannins need to be resolved. Best in 2011–13.
There are elegant aromas of potpourri, purple flowers, rose hips, fennel, wild mint, blackberries and plums on the nose of this top-end bottling from the Hahn family. Hearty black plum and elderberry mix with black sage and bay leaf on the palate, where a chalky texture and soft mouthfeel complete the experience.
This wine has a rich, fat, almost buttery character. Certainly the acidity is there, although it has a warm, summer feel. The structure typical of Les Clos is all there as well, giving concentration and density. At the end spice goes with the extreme freshness of the citrus aftertaste. Drink from 2020.
Made entirely with Nebbiolo grown in the mountain vineyards of northeastern Italy, this opens with enticing aromas of wild rose, bright berry and Alpine herbs. The polished, structured palate delivers wild cherry, crushed raspberry, exotic spice, vanilla bean and toasted oak. Firm, silky tannins provide structure. Drink through 2024.
This medium-bodied Shiraz is supple, immediately drinkable and complex—what more could one want for under $15? Find plummy fruit, meaty elements, cracked pepper and hints of mocha and a long, savory finish here.
An absolutely lovely wine, made in the modern, soft style, but with great structural integrity. The delicious flavors come in waves of currants, wild berries, peppery spices, chocolate-covered mint, licorice and cedary oak influences. Fully drinkable now due to the finely ground, velvety tannins.
Fruity, aromatic wine, this is a few months too young to drink. Already, it is showing its attractive wild berry and rhubarb fruits and soft tannins. There is a juicy, open aftertaste.
Clean, crisp and stony with aromas of rain on cement, Bosc pear, honeysuckle, apple syrup and tangerine juice, this blend of 67% Sémillon and 33% Sauvignon Blanc is quite dynamic for a light white. The palate shows dried apple rinds, guava skins and more tropicality, but with pithy tang and judicious restraint.
A tense and mineral wine, it has a cool character with the wood offering a dry and toasty edge to the citrus and steel texture. It is still young, needing time for the wood to really integrate. Keep for 3–4 years.
The nose of this Chard is so lively and welcoming with accents of lilac, jasmine, white peach slices and clementine. Matured in barrel for 10 months, the wine's palate offers more intense, mature flavors of peaches and cream, ginger and supporting tropical acidity. Well structured with a defined and evolving finish, it takes you from citrus to fresh peach to vanilla wooded spice.
With its beautiful rose color and delicate flavors, this continues the elegant tradition of Amour de Deutz. It's one of the Champagne house's three prestige cuvées and the most refined. This crisp wine, with its soft acidity, ripe strawberry fruits and tang of citrus is ready to drink, although it will age in bottle for many years.
This is one of those tiny-production wines that gets tongues buzzing in San Francisco restaurants. The 100% Cab was aged for nearly two years in almost all new French oak. It is rich and flavorful in ripe blackberry and cassis fruit, with tannins co-contributed from the grapes and the barrels that suggest mid-term aging. It's a very fine, New World-style Cab that should be at its best between 2007 and 2010.
This wine sources fruit from throughout Napa Valley, as well as 9% from Lake County and 1% from the Sierra Foothills, incorporating all five red Bordeaux varieties and a smidgen of Syrah. It's juicy in black currant, with a tension of acidity and a smooth, simple focus, aged in both French and American oak.
Under the same family ownership as Château Lamothe-Cissac, this estate has produced a broa rich wine, dominated by its 60% Cabernet Sauvignon. It is rounded already with juicy blackberry fruits and dark tannins. Drink this already fruity wine from 2019.
This is a delicious and complex wine that expresses the essence of Carneros Pinot Noir: balance, elegance and harmony. Not a blockbuster in the Santa Lucia sense, it's a silky, feminine wine, with a great depth of cherry, cola and mocha flavor, and a racy, sensual mouthfeel.
A creamy, soft wine with a dosage that puts it on the sweeter end of Brut, this attractive Champagne is ready to drink. It offers good balance between acidity and the green-plum fruits. The aftertaste keeps up the soft theme of the wine.
At this early stage of the wine's evolution, it shows some slightly pungent, sweaty notes, but they're balanced by ample ripe passion fruit aromas and flavors. It's medium in weight, with an attractively structured mouthfeel, and a bright, lengthy finish that echoes with grapefruit.
Sweet-leaning aromas of pineapple, ripe red apples and white lilies show on the nose of this bottling. The palate starts with nice texture of Meyer-lemon pith, then settles toward ripe pears and apples, with hints of coconut and pineapple flavors.
Rich and rounded, thismisses the crispness of good Arinto. It is warm and fat, with a white fruit flavor and a pleasant touch of acidity.
Shows the Morgan signature of full-bodied weight, concentrated raspberry and cherry fruit, brisk acidity, notable tannins and dryness that make their Pinots Noirs so enjoyable. Very nice to drink now and over the next 3–4 years.
Aromas of cranberry, barrel spice and herb are followed by tart cranberry flavors with grainy tannins. It falls a bit flat and the variety seems hard to discern.
Named after family members called Maria, this is a limited-edition wine, very smooth and rich, offering its character slowly. It has complex acidity, smoky tannins and a hugely dense extracted texture. It needs aging over 5–6 years.
The cool vintage took its toll on this Pinot. While its dry, crisp and attractive in raspberries, cherries and oak, it lacks the substance for aging. Still, it shows the fancy elegance of Talley.
Zesty acidity and tantalizing citrus and spice flavors mark this Pinot Grigio. Nice to drink on its own as an apéritif, this versatile wine will also pair with ethnic fare
Floral and deeply aromatic; delivers lactic or rubber-like notes typical of the variety plus lemon pie, toasted almond and stone fruit. Distant herb notes round off a simple, fresh white.
This Hawkes Bay-based winery has turned in an impressive effort from Marlborough-grown grapes, matching hints of green pea and mint with ripe melon and fig flavors. It's a bit broad on the palate, but regains focus and shows admirable length on the finish.
Red cherry is the main theme here although there are subtle shadings of white peppercorn and dried flowers within its lean, ruby-colored essence. The wine imparts a sour note on the palate and has a quick, tart finish.
Raspberry, cherry and plum aromas are fresh but a bit raw. Racy and clean on the palate, it has ripe, sweet-leaning flavors of blackberry and cherry. A slightly oaky, resiny finish with a chocolate flavor is appropriate.
This Syrah-Zin blend is forward in jammy raspberry, cherry, herb tea and spice flavors. It's simple, but crisp acidity gives it a firm, clean finish.
Forward citrus is lifted by accents of thyme and green melon rind in the bouquet. White cranberry and lime pith unfold in the medium-weight mouth and linger through the finish.
This Barbaresco's leather, violet, crushed mint, coconut and exotic spice aromas follow through to the palate, which is bright with red cherry and coffee notes. Fine-grained tannins offer support while high-toned acidity lends balance.
Aromas of maple, black pepper and cherry cough drop get it going in a fair to midland direction. The palate is basic, with only some standard berry fruit and oak, while the finish is lengthy and easy, but also kind of mute. In terms of mouthfeel, some hard tannins prevent it from falling into the “friendly” category.
Though Andrew Will has been known more recently for its vineyard-designated blends, this is a return to a 100% varietal offering. Coming from five year-old vines, it shows grace and texture with high toned leafy notes, herbs, bittersweet chocolate and plum. There's a wonderful sense of tension between the lively acidity and the chewy tannins as the wine continues to open and evolve.
This budget wine has sweet fruit and soft tannins, along with surprising concentration and length. Offsetting a hint of stemminess are generous, varietally true flavors, and a rich, meaty nose that suggests beef and coffee. Best Buy. —P.G.
Big, dark, tannic, dry and fruity, yet balanced in all its parts, this gentle giant actually shows elegance. It's packed with cherry, tobacco, mint and oak flavors that drink well now, and should hold and improve for many years.
Ripe plum, iris, violet and underbrush aromas lead the nose. The firm palate offers dried black cherry, raspberry, licorice, clove and a hint of tobacco. Tightly knit but ripe tannins and fresh acidity provide support. Drink 2016–2022.
A lovely wine, rich and exotic, yet dry and balanced. Shows exotic flavors of spiced pears, pineapple punch, honeysuckles, butterscotch and Asian spices, in a creamy texture. Roussanne, Grenache Blanc and Viognier.
Light pepper, cassis and a hint of leather form the nose on this wine from a brand founded in 1994 specifically to deliver quality wines at affordable prices. The palate offers grilled meat and roasted root-vegetable flavors. Fairly gripping tannins mean that this wine could survive through 2017.
Even with Merlot and Cabernet Franc in the mix, there's no mistaking this is a Zinfandel. It has pepper and jam flavors, with straightjacketlike tannins and plenty of body.
This vineyard is at one of the highest Castillon points. Big in tannins and also fruit, this is a dense wine. It has a dry core as well as rich blackberry fruits. Concentrated and full, the wine will be seriously worth drinking from 2019.
Powerful, concentrated wine, whose tannins fold well around the berry fruits, acidity and sweet plum juice flavors. It is solid and chunky, full of ripe flavors and bold acidity. Worth aging for 1–2 years.
On top of being made from organically grown grapes, this wine is vegan friendly. Of course, that means nothing unless the wine is good. Thankfully, this wine is excellent. Apricot, honey and ginger notes mingle easily on the palate. Drink this full-bodied, slightly open-knit wine over through 2017.
From an area formerly known for wheat and tobacco comes this co-op produced premium wine. This Pinotage is inky-purple in color with fresh, grapy whiffs of dark berry and spice, with lemony overtones. Full-bodied and creamy in the mouth, it has flavors of spice, purple fruit and straw with a lemony-citrus finish. Imported by Hemingway & Hale.
This offers aromas and flavors of red raspberry, blue flowers, weedy underbrush and a whiff of dried sage. It's rather simple and already accessible.
Aged partly in barriques, it offers aromas of yellow apples, toast and butterscotch that carry over to the palate along with lemon drop, oak, toast and coffee bean. You'll also notice the alcohol.
Rose, red berry, baked earth, forest floor and grilled herb aromas lead the nose while the firm palate offers dried black cherry, cake spice and anise. Firm, fine-grained tannins provide the backbone. Drink 2018–2026.
The herbal flavors of the wild garrigue go through this pale, almost white wine. It does have a touch of tannin giving a structure, as well as a cool character from the high elevation of the vineyards. The aftertaste is refreshing.
This rich wine has a dense core of dark, dry tannins. The fruit, still taking its time to come through, is full of dark plum flavors and will soon show a fresher acidity. Wood aging, dark chocolate and a smoky character all bode well for the future. Drink from 2016.
Light and a little scratchy on the bouquet, with leathery notes. Feels fresh and kind of light in weight, with basic but clean red-fruit flavors and a dash of peppery spice. Flows easily on the finish, with a bit of fire and heat.
Moutfilling though not necessarily nuanced, this Merlot offers blackberry, oak and earth flavors, and similar aromas. A great choice for casual circumstances or big gatherings.
This extremely simple white offers subdued tropical fruit and citrus aromas that carry over to the light, rather diluted palate. It's lean and racy, with brisk acidity.
A jammy note of strawberry or blackberry preserves comes to the front of this darkly concentrated Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and Petit Verdot blend. The richness of this wine, and its overall intensity, would match hearty game meat dishes.
Refermenting in the bottle adds nice depth to the Bartlett pear, Granny Smith apple and nectarine zest flavors. A soft mousse adds elegance while crisp acidity gives it a clean, refreshing finish.
Aromas include mature blue flower, meat juices, dark-skinned berry and a whiff of barnyard. The robust palate offers blueberry extract, black currant and cracked pepper alongside hearty tannins.
Rich in apricot and orange marmalade, crème brûlée and vanilla flavors, this dessert sipper has a soft, honeyed richness. The residual sugar is 14.1%, making it fabulously sweet.
Extremely fresh and chalky on the nose, this blend of nine vineyards is a stunner, showing aromas of Key lime and tangerine pith across a very tightly wound, tense and energetic frame. The palate rides a bright white line of limestone, fresh lime and yellow grapefruit, with a grippy structure that engages the whole mouth in the sip. It will last for years, but it's great now.
Though this Shiraz smells somewhat sweet, you thankfully don't get the same impression on the palate. Instead, there is red berry and plum fruit, with lemony-oak accents. It's simple, but still a steal. Imported by Vineyard Brands. Best Buy.
This is the top wine from this estate. Wood aged and richly endowed with both fruit and firm tannins, it has a fine balance. The 12 months in wood have softened the wine's structure and given it extra richness. It is still full of youthful fruit, so drink from 2018.
Barolo Ca' Mia exhibits earthy tones of wild mushroom and cigar box along with lively tones of dried fruit, cassis syrup, cola, rose and tobacco. The interesting mouthfeel is characterized by both drying mineral tones and sweet cherry liqueur.
Rich in blackberry jam and chocolate, this wine offers a wealth of dusty underbelly and tightly wound tannin and toasted oak. Around those richer rewards are brighter elements of cassis and currant, finished in zippy acidity.
Clean mineral notes blend nicely with fresh berry fruit, red rose and raspberry. This is a simple but genuine wine that would pair with roasted fish or vegetable risotto.
Harmonious and a bit creamy to the nose, with apple, citrus and lees. More citrus and apple on the palate, with an almondy kick. Shows fine depth on the finish, where orange notes take over. An excellent, mature cava that still has some grit.
This wine is made using both white and red versions of Muscat, which accounts for its pale copper color. The bouquet is floral and rose-like, with a bit of nasturtium-like pepperiness as well. It's weighty and slightly warm, decadently rich in peach, white chocolate and honey flavors that linger on the persistent finish.
Aromas of cocoa, herb, woodspice and blue and black fruit lead to lush, palate-coating dark fruit flavors that display depth and richness, backed by a dry lick of tannins.
While this Cab is a little rough here and there, it's quite good, and the divots, which include some unevenly ripened fruit, are leavened with overall richness and a generosity of texture. Flatters the palate with flavors of blackberries, chocolate and sweet oak. Drink now.
Light and fruity, this is a fresh, rounded wine with attractive berry fruits. It is already smooth, although the tannins are in the background. It's fragrant with a medium-term potential. Drink from 2015.
Still dominated by its tannins, this is a full, structured wine. Dense and with fragrant acidity and black currant flavors, it has a way to go before it is ready to drink. Wait until 2017. The estate is an Alliance Bourg co-operative member.
This is a soft, creamed apple wine, with touches of toast. It has a great lemon zest character that brings freshness as well as brilliant acidity. The finish is textured, very fresh.
This is a deep gold, scented with cooked apple and pear, and showing some soft, oxidative character from extended barrel fermentation. It is quite accessible, soft and forward, with light hints of tropical fruits leading into a smooth, lightly toasty finish. Definitely a drink-now Chardonnay.
This is a lively crisp wine with a creamy texture and a perfumed character. It is ripe and full with just enough acidity to give freshness.
La Arena (sand) is one of four soil-based 2012 Altamira Malbecs made by TintoNegro, and the similarities among the wines far outweigh the differences. This is ripe and oaky on the nose, but clean and approachable. The palate is medium-to-full in feel, while flavors of black cherry, cassis and vanilla end with mild heat and baking spice notes. Drink through 2020.
This is the lightest of the Soutiran Champagnes, softly textured, attractively ripe and delicious as an apéritif. It is fruity, with fresh pear and spiced apple flavors, finishing with sweet acidity.
If this wine were drier it would be really good, because it's crisp in clean acidity, and has excellently ripe, rich flavors of peaches, butter-sautéed pineapples and vanilla. But it's sugary and a bit cloying on the finish.
Murky smelling, with nondescript berry aromas. Ultratannic and hard in the mouth, much like chewing nails. Meanwhile, the flavors run herbal and earthy, with dark fruit carrying things to a hard, tannic finish.
Complexity on the nose comes via earthy aromas of licorice root, sandalwood and mild berry fruits. The palate is on the big and bullish side, but it's neither heavy nor fierce. Flavors of ripe blackberry, pepper and chocolate finish with a touch of herbs and mint. Drink through 2017.
Restraint and yeastiness mingle with the zesty lemon peel nose. The palate is concentrated and still has some spritz with a featherweight body.
Honey, lemon-drop candy, vanilla and buttered toast are the flavors on this fine, crisply acidic Chardonnay. Clean and easy to sip, at a good price for the quality.
It's hard not to jump up and down about the outstanding value represented here, a wine made from Dutton Ranch fruit that's juicy and generous in baked strawberry, earth and rose petals. A grippy structure provides weight around nuanced, spicy cherry-pie flavor and plenty of body to satisfy.
Light aromas of lemon, apple, pineapple, toast and spice lead to just off-dry flavors. It drinks a little sweet for a brut but still delivers enjoyment—a straightforward crowd pleaser.
California rosé is awfully hard to get right. It's usually too sweet, too heavy or both. With this Grenache-Cinsault blend, Minassian-Young knocks it out of the park. The wine is dry, delicate, modest in alcohol, and complex, with subtle peach, rosehip tea, orange zest, watermelon and spice flavors. A great bargain, but only 64 cases were produced.
This is a beautifully perfumed, lightly wood-aged wine. With grapes from the Douro Superior, it is rich while remaining impressively fresh. There are apricot and ripe pear flavors that are given a smoky, toasty edge by the wood aging. It is ready to drink.
The Beaux is Walter Dacon's American-oaked Syrah (then why the French name?). It is the lightest, most feminine of the trio of Dacon Syrahs, yet also the most aromatic and interesting. There are notes of flower and leaf not found in the other wines, perhaps because the barrels were used with more restraint. I like the violets-and-chocolate imprint it leaves in the back of the mouth.
Needs time in the cellar, as it's really tough in tannins now. Feels hard and sandpapery and raspingly dry. Deep down inside is a molten core of ripe blackberries and black currants, with lots of new, smoky oak. Seems to be your classically ageable Napa red. Give it until at least 2013, and it could surprise and delight for many years beyond.
Francesco Spadafora makes one of the best Syrahs in Sicily and Italy. This offers beautiful aromas of dark fruit and chocolate, followed by spice, leather and tobacco accents. These aromas are well integrated, resulting in a silky, creamy mouthfeel, with long persistency.
Toasted oak and cardamom aromas give way to powerful oaky flavors on the palate, where maple, stewed plum and toasted bread flavors accompany a soft, easy texture.
This impressive wine follows a straight line of structure, acidity, firm tannins and dark black fruits. The combination is a wine with depth, ripeness and an edge of austerity that demands aging. Drink from 2018.
A ripe, soft and rich wine that will be ready to drink soon. It has black plum and berry fruits, ripe soft tannins and light acidity. The wine has a crisper cooler aftertaste. Drink from 2019.
A floral, tropical fruit-influenced wine that is round in character and full of wonderfully opulent fruit. The final acidity stays within the ripe fruit character.
Here's a very fragrant and floral Prosecco with honeysuckle, chopped kiwi, banana and peach. The wine is fresh and tonic with creamy bubbling and leaves a nice impression overall.
A Bordeaux blend of Malbec, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot, The Brook comes out of the bottle tightly wound, terse, and short. Give it plenty of breathing time for the flavors of prune, fig and plum to emerge, along with streaks of clove and cinnamon. Score could improve with further bottle age.
There's a feral quality to this single-vineyard bottling, with dried rose petals, damp pine needles, dehydrated shiitake mushrooms and touches of violet, potpourri and dried ginger on the nose. The mouthfeel is velvety, with lilac and lavender decorating a base of cranberry and boysenberry fruit.
Aromas of wild berry, leather, sunbaked earth, star anise and a balsamic note of menthol lift out of the glass. The robust, powerful palate offers fleshy blackberry, wild cherry, cinnamon, nutmeg and tobacco alongside chewy tannins. Despite the juicy fruit, there's a warmth of alcohol on the finish but it doesn't dominate.
This blend of 60% Cabernet Sauvignon, 20% Cabernet Franc, 10% Sangiovese and 10% Merlot opens with aromas of blackberry, cedar and cooking spice. On the palate, notes of bell pepper, espresso, toast and black pepper accent a firm black cherry core. Drink through 2017.
Too sweet in white sugared apricot and tangerine flavors, despite good acidity and a pleasant minerality. Tastes cloying from the get-go.
Tender notes of honeysuckle and rose rise from the glass. On the palate they perfume the generous peach and mirabelle plum fruit, supported by some residual sweetness. This strikes a very harmonious balance between tender opulence an sprightly freshness. The finish is intense, tangy, medium sweet and superbly balanced.
This wine has a nice nose of melon, smoke and mineral, all overlaid with vanilla. Fleshy in the mouth, but with good acidity, it picks up flavors of peaches before toasty oak takes over. Imported by Cape Wine Ventures.
A light, bright-coral color and grapey, jammy aromas lead to cherry-jelly flavors and a soft texture for this off-dry wine-in-a-can.
Sprightly in the mouth, this wine has lemon verbena and citrus pith aromas that lead to orange and tropical fruits in the mouth, picking up spice on the finish. The evident sweetness will pair well with Asian foods.
For the vintage, this is a surprisingly soft wine. It's already juicy, full of fresh strawberries and soft tannins. That makes for a delicious wine, rounded with a touch of wood. It's not likely to age much beyond 2017,  but is certainly attractive now.
You'll be hard pressed to find a better wine at this price. A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Zinfandel, sourced only from coastal counties, it's totally dry, full bodied, firm in tannins and drinkable now for its wealth of blackberry, currant, black cherry and oak flavors. Production was 52,000 cases.
Almost black in color, this is an equally dense wine in the mouth. At this stage, the wood aging and dry tannins are very present, so it does need time to bring out the juicy potential of the black currant flavors and acidity. Drink from 2018.
Coming from the original plantings at this esteemed vineyard, this wine brings brooding, high-toned aromas of savory herbs, exotic spice and cherry. The palate is all about sophistication and delicacy of flavor, showing nuance and detail, particularly considering the warmth of the vintage.
Sharp and rustic, with medicinal, LifeSaver candy cherry flavors that finish with a scour of acidity.
With vines forming part of the 22-acre Jessiaume estate, this vineyard—one of the better known of the Beaune premiers crus—has produced a fine, rich wine in this vintage. Although there is plenty of young wood, the fruit is so rich and generous, with such fine potential. Give this opulent wine until 2022.
Aromas of toast and grilled herb lead the way on this straightforward red. The light-bodied palate offers wild cherry, orange peel and a coffee note alongside racy acidity and fine-grained but fleeting tannins.
New leather, dark berry, fragrant blue flower, rose and baking spice aromas take shape in the glass. The smooth, delicious palate doles out juicy raspberry, crushed black cherry, star anise and cinnamon flavors, with polished tannins and bright acidity. Drink 2023–2033.
Aromas of black raspberry, blue flowers and a note of baking spice lead the nose of this fruity, savory wine. The round, ripe palate doles out black cherry, ripe plum and mocha alongside dusty tannins. Drink now.
The producer's proprietary red Bordeaux-inspired blend is austere in this vintage, offering herbal thyme and cedar along with a sharp element of pencil lead. Medium bodied, the texture is velvety and lingering on the palate.
Slightly gritty dusty aromas are low on fruit. This feels plump and round, with modest acidity. Simple melon and mild citrus flavors finish with pyrazine-driven notes of bell pepper and jalapeño.
A toasty, yeasty, organic grape Cava with butterscotch, vanilla and baked fruit aromas. The palate has good balance, while the flavors are citric but not sour, with pineapple and orange leading the fight. Clean and not complicated, but more elegant than the average Spanish sparkler.
Chalky tannins and subdued fruit and tannin weight make this an inviting, food-friendly wine, a blend of Cabernet Sauvignon with smaller amounts of Merlot, Malbec and Petit Verdot. Made from estate vineyards, it's rich in black cherry and dark chocolate, concentrated and layered. It ends in a spicy back note of pepper. Cellar through 2022.
If you're into big Argentinean Malbecs with great fruit, oak and balance, look no further. This is exact and pointy on the nose, with graphite and spice notes framing huge blackberry aromas. Deep but well balanced, this muscular Malbec tastes of chocolate, peppercorn, fine oak and black fruits. A smooth, toasty finish is bold, with a touch of unresolved heat. Drink through 2022.
Not very pleasant now due to the sharpness and bitterness of the texture, as well as the wood tannins that come from aging in 100% new oak. The flavors are of primary fruit blackberries, cherries and black currants. This is a big wine now lacking in polish, but it should develop in the cellar and begin to acquire bottle bouquet after 2012, continuing to glide through 2018 or so.
This estate wine is seriously structured, with tones of dried herbs alongside richer elements of dense tannins and ripe black fruits. A bright acid backbone maintains a fresh and lively character. It might be best to lay down this selection for further integration.
The flat-bottom boat once used to ship wine on the Loire River to Paris is the inspiration for this wine. It is a blend of the various soils and vineyards in the river's right-bank appellation. With bright acidity and a flinty texture, the wine still needs to age. Drink from 2018.
This elegant bottling by two service-industry veterans shows tons of potpourri, dried lavender, black raspberry and red plum on the nose. The flavors are quite broad and inviting, with hibiscus and ripe tomato meshing into juniper and clove. It's light in mouthfeel and weight, but well structured.
More like an off white in color than actually pink, this 100% barrel-fermented, free-drained wine shows lemon blossoms, Pink Lady apple and lime zest on a very restrained nose. The palate is lively with tantalizing acidity, and fresh with light Meyer lemon zest and juice flavors.
Aromas of plum, espresso and coffee carry over to the one-dimensional palate alongside mature black cherry and drying tannins. It's a bit forward so drink this over the next few years.
An interesting blend of baked red currant, jalapeño, Tabasco sauce and leather mark the nose. The medium-bodied palate is initially smoky and spicy, with fresher red currant flavors adding verve.
Incredibly dark in the glass and potent on the nose, this bottling from west of Paso Robles shows dried blueberry, black currant, black pepper and asphalt aromas, proving thick but not sweet. The wine coats the palate with lavish tannins and bright acidity before delivering flavors of charred berry and peppercorn.
Earthy plum and cherry aromas are cool and lightly herbal. This feels juicy and tight, but clean. Flavors of herbal plum are a touch roasted, while this everyday Cab finishes spicy and the slightest bit green.
Here's a very toasty and nutty expression of sparkling Chardonnay (with 5% Pinot Bianco) from Brescia in Northern Italy that offers background aromas of dried fruit and apricot. The wine is lively and smooth in the mouth with zesty effervescence and enduring notes of almond and hazelnut on the close.
This is a spicy, perfumed wine that has a rich feel to it. Tropical fruits are balanced by a crisp texture and a fresh, green-apple acidity. It's a wine for drinking now and very approachable.
Glimmers of spice and nuts lend a savory accent to this bright, bristling Riesling full of rich apple and pear flavors. It's dry and light in body, yet punchy and full of zest. Honeyed fruit tones extend through a long, long finish.
Young and fresh, this easy-drinking wine offers aromas of small red berry, violet and a whiff of moist soil. The light-bodied, enjoyable palate delivers juicy cherry, raspberry and a sprinkling of clove alongside bright acidity and soft tannins.
Firm and structured, this is a solid wine, laced with mineral acidity and tight tannins. It has a juicy, blackberry fruit component cutting through the texture. Drink this still young wine from 2014.
A beautifully ripe wine, layered with the richest fruit, the acidity offering a bright moment within the richness. Botrytis is there, like a hard core for the pillow of ripe apricots, lychees, spice and fine freshness.
Chimney Rock had 3 Bordeaux-style wines from the '04 vintage, and this reserve is not only the priciest, but the best. It shows the appealing blackberry, cherry and chocolate fruit and oak of the Elevage bottling, but also is tannicly balanced enough for the cellar. Good now for its complexity, but should peak around 2010, then hold through 2015.
This one-of-a-kind offering from Chehalem celebrates what they are calling a “great” vintage. The wine is dark, supple and immensely rich and dense, yet retains a lightness that captures the elegance of the Pinot Noir grape while propelling it to rarified heights. The mix of red and purple fruits, herb, spice and earth all come together in a smooth and seductive wine that drinks like a dream.
A white blend made from Riesling, Albariño and Savagnin. It lacks specificity on the nose while offering up floral, citrusy aromas. In the mouth, it's plump and soft, with sweet melon, spice and a honeyed finish that also shows pith and mild bitterness. Interesting but a little heavy, sweet and amorphous.
Kicks off a touch loud and syrupy, with jammy berry aromas. The mouthfeel is full and round, while the flavors are deep and veer toward chocolate, plum and blackberry. Finishes with notable caramel and carob flavors.
This wine's nose bears an uncanny similarity to animal crackers, and along the way there's peach and melon aromas. The palate is sweet and slightly punchy, with mango and white raisin flavors. Overall, bank on sweetness and liquidy ripeness from this drink-now Albariño.
Warm, jammy and lightly herbal smelling, with an overriding aroma of blueberry compote. Fairly full and concentrated on the palate, with herb-infused flavors of dark berry and plum. Plump, warm and chewy on what amounts to a solid finish.
Having spent 26 months in oak, this dark and sophisticated Sagrantino opens with savory aromas of toast, cured meat, dark chocolate and dried fruit. It shows a thick, velvety texture, with a touch of tannic firmness on the finish.
Dusty blueberry and chocolate provide heftiness to this full-bodied, densely concentrated wine, which ends simply and without much fanfare.
Stalky, jumbled, saucy aromas of jammy red fruits are all over the map. This Elqui Valley blend feels creamy and jammy, while syrupy, herbal-tasting raspberry and stewed cherry flavors finish with oaky notes of vanilla and heat.
The nose starts off a touch volatile with aromas of acetone. After that blows off, herbal notes of thyme and sage emerge supported by caramelized red fruit and berries. Sweet spiced red cherry and raspberry compote unfold in the mouth, leading into a medium-length finish.
Pomegranate, dark plum and slate show on the simple nose of this appellation blend. The palate is light, with hints of strawberry and plum as well as pencil lead and mace. It's a great option for chilling a bit and drinking on the beach.
This is a more serious style of rosé. It is structured with an edge of tannins that lead to richness as well as piles of delicious red-berry fruits and considerable balanced acidity. Owned by the Fabre family, this vineyard dates back to 1910. The estate produces the wine, although it is bottled by the Saint-Tropez cooperative. Drink now.
Showing some bricking at the rim, at nearly seven years of age this is a mature, herbal Cabernet. Vanilla notes frame tobacco, earthy and slightly vegetal flavors of bell pepper and tomato. Tannins are firm and chewy, while the fruit seems to be receding. Drink up.
This textured wine offers tangy, zesty minerality and a dry, nutty edge, making it a wine for food. With its structure and a perfumed aftertaste, it is ready to drink.
It's slightly lean and hard on the finish, but this entry-level Yarra Valley Pinot does show some pleasant notes of cedar, cola and cherries on the nose and in the mouth. Perhaps a year or two of aging will help soften its edges.
Structured and dense with tannins, this is a big wine with a big future. Its black fruits, acidity and solid texture all point to its weight and richness. It is going to be a rich fruity wine. But wait until 2023.
Brambly fruits highlight this southern Rhône-style red blend. It's a deeper, earthier, more complex version of the winery's Subduction Red—here there is more concentration and a sauvage (or animal) aspect that adds complexity. Fresh and persistent, this is one of Washington's best Rhône blends.
Even better than the excellent 2008 Acrobat, this ups the alcohol to about 13% and gives the impression of dryness, though there might be a trace of residual sugar. In any event, it's loaded with pretty pear fruit flavor, lightly dusted with cinnamon spice, and fills the mouth with its body and gentle hint of spritz. A fine summer sipper.
Too oaky, with dominating tastes of buttered toast that swamp the pineapple and orange fruit. The oak follows through in a sweet, caramelized finish.
A disappointing sparkler, too powerful in fruity flavor for the delicacy and restraint a good bubbly requires. The structure of acidity and low alcohol is just fine. The problem is that the raspberry, lime and vanilla flavors are overpowering.
Scents of fall foliage are prominent against a backdrop of black cherries and plums on this pan-New York blend of Hudson Valley Baco Noir, Finger Lakes Cab Franc and Long Island Merlot. Densely concentrated on the palate with sultry, ripe black fruit, it has an elegantly herbaceous finish.
This cleanly made wine features white grapefruit, pineapple and herb aromas and flavors, but seems a trifle soft and lacking zest. Drink up. Imported by Oceania Wine Group.
Zaca Mesa has tinkered with this Rhône-style blend of Syrah, Mourvèdre and Grenache for years. With the 2005, they've produced a dry, richly tannic wine, with cherry and currant flavors complexed with grilled meat, pepper and a touch of funky old leather. It's an interesting wine that's complex enough for a creative sommelier to figure out how to pair it with food.
Executed in a big, bold style, this Cabernet Franc (with 10% Cabernet Sauvignon) exhibits green notes of chopped herbs, spice, red currants and drying talc powder. The mineral layer is noticeable here and helps give definition and personality.
The producer sources primarily from its historic Rhinefarm Estate Vineyard for this wine, a rich expression of the variety opaque in color. Meat, black pepper, leather and tobacco give it a velvety lushness and concentration buoyed by complex, savory components. The lengthy finish is all about bittersweet chocolate.
Castelgiocondo's Brunello aptly represents the new face of Montalcino with its plump, well-extracted and modern style. The wine is packed with soft black cherry, chocolate and coffee aromas and shows a smooth, long-lasting finish.
Subdued herb, red fruit and spice aromas are followed by quite reserved cherry and berry flavors. It displays a lot of restraint.
This full-bodied Assyrtico offers aromas of pineapple, citrus and spice on the nose, while the palate brings layers of fruit, minerals and lemon. Delicious with a good acidity, imagine this white with grilled chicken or fish.
Intriguing aromas of boysenberry and blueberry come with smoky notes of hickory and aged cheese. This is showing a firm grip on the palate along with ripe, intense flavors of black fruits and prune. On the finish, it's tannic and loaded with licorice and toasty accents. Drink through 2019.
A huge wine, rich and tannic, stuffed with blackberry, cherry, currant, dark chocolate and oak flavors. While the tannins are considerable, they're very finely crafted. This is a wine that should age. It was tasted three times, with varying results, so this score reflects an average.
Balanced Spanish whites were rare in the hot '03 vintage, but this one is. Two female winemakers, hence the Two Victorias name, flat-out nailed this Verdejo, which pours on round peach, gooseberry, almond and mineral aromas and flavors. Clean as a whistle, with a finish that hits with power.
Packed with all the ripe fruit of the Alentejo, this warm, full-bodied wine is generous and round. Black-fruit tones dominate, balanced by perfumed acidity and a smooth texture from the high proportion of Aragon (Tempranillo). It is ready to drink, although it will improve at least until 2017.
Quite dense and slow to release aromas at first, this bottling, which includes 14% Tempranillo and 6% Tannat, eventually gives scarlet red rose petals, lavender, elderberry and a rich touch of maple-laced bacon fat on the nose. It's much more dynamic and delicious once sipped, with blueberry and blackberry jam, smoked lamb, rosemary and more lavender, bound together by grippy tannins.
Lightweight and easy in the mouth, with bright, juicy red fruit aromas and flavors spiced up by olive tapenade and fruitcake accents. Clean and balanced with a medium-length finish.
A lighthearted wine, this has perfumed acidity and a deliciously refreshing character that balances acidity and pear and lemon flavors. It's such an easy drink, lively and lightly mineral at the end.
This 100% Cabernet is a thick, dense, smoky, chalky, tarry wine with amazing depth and structure. It's big and chewy, and yet still shows excellent definition and even a bit of finesse. Though the tannins are still somewhat raw and chewy, overall this is loaded with such youthful power and flavor that you can forgive a little rough foreplay.
This smooth, ripe wine comes from organic grapes grown in clay and stone soil that adds a mineral edge. Spice balances with citrus and red-plum fruits to give a lively wine with a perfumed aftertaste.
A brut-style sparkler, at the age of eight years it's still fresh and crisp, with yeasty flavors of limes, strawberries, vanilla and toast. Feels dry and austere despite a honeyed richness, just what you want in a great sparkling wine. Seems best over the next six years.
Proving one of the more reliable affordably priced brands from the region, this bottling offers fresh jasmine, tangerine pith, crushed chalk and pineapple aromas. The palate is a bit more tropical, delivering coconut and mango flavors with enough restraint to please many.
Ripe aromas, complex flavors and rich tannins add up to a bold and full-bodied wine. It smells like dried plums, tastes almost like blackberry syrup (but not sweet) and has intriguing black pepper and floral accents. Very deep in color, it is tannic but smooth. The generous fruit lingers on the finish.
Delicate aromas of white cherry and strawberry lead the nose and carry through onto the palate with a bit more intensity. There's texture to the mouthfeel, with flavors of red cherry and plum skin that stay through the medium-length finish.
Aromas of camphor, chopped mint, leather and wild berry lead the nose. The palate offers tart red cherry, raspberry compote, licorice and an earthy hint of game alongside austere tannins that clench the finish. Give the tannins a few more years to unwind then drink up.
The reliable négociant winery scores once again on this bottling, which shows intriguing aromas of smoked plums, hoisin-marinated pork, cocoa powder, crushed pepper and ollallieberries. It's delicious once sipped, with pepper, boysenberries and a hickory wood character.
Grilled peach and almond notes show on the nose, while the palate is tighter in profile, offering apple pomace and lemon rind.
A warm, fruity rosé, softly textured and full of strawberry fruits. There's a fine touch of acidity to balance and a dry aftertaste. Ready to drink.
Red berry, white pepper and dried herb aromas lift out of the glass along with a whiff of espresso. Linear and rather lean, the vibrant palate offers sour cherry, clove, toast and a hint of oak-driven spice. Firm close-grained tannins grip the finish.
This is a young, wild and dense wine, intense in oak and strong-willed red cherry and strawberry fruit. Full-bodied and still smoothing out its rough edges, the big tannin structure should allow a length of aging through 2020.
Just like the '07, this is a blend of 60% Grenache Bl;anc, 20% Marsanne and 20% Roussanne, featuring ripe melon and peach fruit wrapped around an underlying minerality. It's full and broad, yet manages to be refreshing despite its weightiness.
A juicy, easy to drink Minervois with notes of small black berries, baby powder and eucalyptus. Lighter weight and soft tannins makes this wine easy to approach, and an excellent companion for lamb burgers.
Smoky beef aromas meet with crushed pencils, toasty oak, cola and sweet tobacco set against a subtle purple-fruit backdrop on this bottling by Rick Longoria. The palate is dry, easy to quaff and quite refreshing for a dark-red wine, with subtle touches of clove, black currant and more oak-smoked meat.
This waxy, heavily oaked Chardonnay regularly pulls the same score. This vintage has aromas of grapefruit, quince and garlic. Blasting oak and modest acidity result in flatness, while oak resin is by far the dominant flavor, with creamy apple and pithy bitterness lurking.
Lemberger was one of the first red grapes thought to be sufficiently hardy to survive eastern Washington winters. These days it's a bit of a fan favorite, with thick, roasted tannins over tart fruits, and enough acid to give it a boost in the finish.
Purple-black, with rich scents of bright boysenberry fruit, and an unusual earthy umami note that adds depth to the finish. Sharp, young, acidic and grapy, this drinks like a younger wine.
Exemplary Ribera del Duero, given that '02 was not a great year. This wine, however, pours on the richness fans of this region are looking for. The palate is lush and ripe, with deep plum and blackberry flavors supported by mocha and earth shadings. Offers a little bit of everything.
Lime and pink grapefruit flavors are etched with refreshing minerality, and the leesy, textural mouthfeel keeps this wine feeling light, despite alcohol over 14%. Drink now and over the next five years.
A well-balanced, partially oaked Chard with aromas of wood-grilled red apples, smoke and a hint of black licorice backed by flavors of toasted challah and tangerine citrus. Ample acidity keeps the palate and finish lively and clean.
Ripe, dark, baked aromas of pastry, turned-up earth, campfire and wild-berry fruits set up a seriously deep and tannic palate that's stacked with black-fruit power, toasty oak and intensity. This tastes blackened, toasty and chocolaty on top of core blackberry and cassis flavors, while an oaky finish with peppery spice is just right for this type of burly wine. Drink through 2022.
This is slightly bigger and bolder than the 2009 Art Series Cabernet, but remains a relatively streamlined and silky rendering of the variety. Potent cedar and vanilla notes frame dark fruit aromas and flavors, while the finish lingers, echoing with wood overtones. Drink now–2025.
Rather flat and oily smelling, resulting in a low-pulse bouquet. The mouth is wet and chunky as it features sweet mango and cantaloupe flavors. Orange candy and sweetness is about all you get on the finish.
While light-bodied, gentle and intricate, this wine offers plenty of flavor nuances. Cranberry and herb tea aromas mark the nose, while the mouthfeel is at once soothing and tangy, with mulled cherry and clove aromas that slowly emerge and persist on the finish. It's a treat to sip and savor.
Sweet with the aroma of ripe, red plum preserves and a touch of green herbs, this is a lovely blend of Cab Franc, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon with hints of toasted oak. Soft and lush with a cherry pie filling palate, it's an easygoing, medium-bodied wine with a pleasant, fruit-forward profile.
Slightly clipped and hard on the bouquet, which is narrow and settles on berry fruit. Feels chunky and bottom-weighted, with dark flavors of black fruits, plum and boysenberry. Becomes more stylish with airing, but it's always fairly hard and compact in character.
Extraordinarily delicious. Earns its reserve citation for the sheer power and audacity of fruit. Masses of ripe raspberry and cherry tart, vanilla and cola flavors dazzle the palate. The all-important tannins are softly refined, and the acids are crisp. Designed to dazzle now, and does, but should gain traction and age in interesting ways over the next six years.
Thick, oaky and loaded with toasty highlights, this substantial Syrah slathers its fruit in a heavy coat of caramel, buttered nuts and spice. Delicious and supple, its naturally juicy acidity keeps the wine lively. With substantial breathing time, boysenberry fruit melds with streaks of roasted coffee, clove and tobacco.
The wine has a lively mousse along with crisp acidity. Unusually for a rosé, the blend is 90% Chardonnay, the color coming from the addition of red wine (normal in Champagne). It shows some maturity with a hint of toastiness as well as a soft aftertaste on the sweet side of Brut. Drink now.
Mike Sinor's lighter take on Syrah from his new coastal vineyard is refreshing though not quite as inviting as the Black Label. Black cherry, white sage and spearmint notes entice the nose, before the palate breathes in tart elderberries and black pepper, presented with tight tannins and brisk acidity.
Sometimes you want the richness of a rosé sparkler, and with this Pinot Noir and Chardonnay blend, you get plenty of flavor. Although its dry, it's flamboyant in raspberries, strawberries and vanilla, along with the stimulating yeast of a great bubbly. Just great on its own, or drink with sushi or roast salmon.
Surprisingly, this is the producer's first blended Cabernet from the appellation, though it has long made vineyard-designates there. Combining fruit from the Bosche and Sycamore sites, it opens expansively in sizable tannin and dusty oak, before interweaving spicy black pepper, leather and soft infusions of blackberry and cherry.
The nose does not want to give any more away than a yeasty, savory glint. On the palate, this evolves into a peppery, herbal core with real texture and depth. Fruit, apart from citrus, remains hidden for now, still held in that primary, yeasty center that already sends out sprays of spice. Delicious and intriguing now, probably even more interesting in the coming two to three years.
Speechless at first as the nose offers very little. The mouth offers basic dark fruit with some tannins. Grabby at first, but better as it opens up. Rubbery but fairly ripe.
This is a late release wine, but a bit of a boon for wine drinkers, who may open and consume it at will. Light cranberry, licorice, root beer and coffee flavors meld, with plenty of supporting acidity. It's a modest wine, with a quick finish, but drinks nicely at the moment.
Starts off slowly, with sulfurous notes that blow off in under an hour to reveal a soft, gentle sekt with mineral and ripe apple flavors.
Cherry, plum, spice and a pungent touch of dried apple skin gives the bouquet a bright, immediate feel. In the mouth, this fine Amarone delivers tight tannins and fresh intensity.
Aromas of wood, citrus peel and oak-related coconut introduce a choppy bumpy palate with raw acidity. Lean dry tart red-fruit flavors come with peppery spice and oak notes, while this finishes with earthy berry flavors and rubbery choppy tannins.
A solid Chardonnay, this is dry, rich and creamy, with lemon, lime and tropical fruit flavors. A touch of oak brings a nice note of buttered toast.
A rather lifted nose of peach and blossom creates a heady opening. There also is the merest hint of vanilla. The palate reprises these notes with creamy vanilla, ripe peach and honeysuckle. Warmth is palpable on this rather luscious, incredibly generous and still-evolving wine. The finish is beautifully corralled into zesty sweetness by ripe lemon. This is layered and complex and must be savored slowly. It will continue to develop. Drink 2017–2027.
A multi-varietal blend, based on Viognier and Riesling. It's dryish to off-dry, and acidic, with savory flavors of oranges, limes and honeysuckle.
Plum and blackberry shout from the glass, wrapping around an oaky, leathery texture and hits of smoky char and vanilla. This full-bodied wine finds a groove of balance as it goes, adding a lengthy streak of pepper on the finish.
This wonderful ruby-colored Riserva delivers notes of ripe cherry, milk chocolate, herbs and pipe tobacco. It has loads of zest and pizzazz, with lingering spice tones, solid structure and silky tannins. It presents a complete and very pretty package.
Distinctive, artisanal and sourced from a spectacular site, this was fermented in oak and barrel aged. The hock bottle indicates the Alsatian style, and the wine inside is both powerful and  sturdy, with supple, generous flavors of stone fruits running into light tropicality.
Once again, Luisa Ponzi has crafted a delightful, palate-lifting Pinot Gris, with tangy acids and a lovely mix of apple, pear, lemon/lime and grapefruit flavors. The alcohol is just over 13%, and yet it is perfectly ripe, balanced and inviting.
This lacking wine smells vaguely like a scented candle. Jangled and citrusy on the palate, this tastes like flower water. An empty finish with nothing but acidity sends it away.
A powerfully rich wine that brings in delicious white and yellow fruit flavors. It is unctuous, rounded, made richer with toast then given a boost by a streak of fresh citrus acidity. Good, plump white Burgundy.
Mid-gold color. pronounced aromas of creamy apricot custard, ruby grapefruit and enticing hints of spice, rose-water and honey. Concentrated, creamy stone fruit flavors follow through on the palate intertwined with a strong earthy minerality. Medium-bodied with a smooth, rich texture yet fresh with bright acidity. Long, layered, smooth finish.
Darkly hued, it's a mix of tropical-teased cherry and vanilla, with a taste of sweet tannins on the midpalate and a layering of herb on the finish.
A soft style of Sauvignon, hinting at tropical fruit, but guarding its fresh, green, herbaceous character. The wine is ultrafresh and with its texture of fruit skins is a likely wine for food. Screwcap.
This is one of the few Cab Francs in California that works on its own. It's really a gorgeous wine, showing the full-bodied firmness of Cabernet Sauvignon, but without the tannic weight and density. The flavors veer toward scrumptious red cherries, red currants, milk chocolate and anise, with a dry, complex finish. Lovely with a fine grilled steak and rosemary new potatoes.
Firm, tannic and earthy, this budget-priced Cabernet mixes grapes from three different AVAs—Horse Heaven Hills, Yakima Valley and Wahluke Slope. Though there are some sharp, green tannins, the juice shows no green bean or asparagus character, and there are some interesting highlights of anise and graphite.
Starts out oaky and cheesy, with baked berry, leather and clove-like aromas. The palate has lots of size, clacky tannins and acidity, while flavors of berry, mocha and tobacco are nice and lead to a toasty, grabby finish. Typical for RDD in that it's tough and tannic but full of brash flavor; drink now–2015.
A slight herbal lemon balm note marks the nose of this wine. Its light, dry palate is fresh and thirst-quenching, needing only an ice bucket and a few rays of sunshine.
Savory cherry, raspberry and plum aromas in this approachable Pinotage lead into spicy, savory flavors of cherry, plum and smoke. It's an accessible version of a variety that can be tough for some to embrace. Pair with pork or spicy dishes.
This Dry style Prosecco is characterized by bright, luminous transparency and small, persistent bubbles. This is a smooth, soft sparkling wine that offers generous notes of melon, Golden Delicious apple and honeysuckle.
This medium-bodied rosé is a blend of 60% Grenache and 40% Syrah drawn from the estate's young vines. Like its big brother, the Vieilles Vignes, it's gently textured, easily balancing red berry fruit against citrusy elements. It's a clean, refreshing, but somewhat simple quaffer at a bargain price.
Meaty, spicy accents enliven this full-bodied and ripe-tasting wine, adding a layer of interest and depth. The aromas and flavors show blackberries and black pepper, while the texture is smooth and a sense of richness on the lingering the finish.
Ripe yellow pears and an earthy edge knit together this refreshing yet concentrated white that finishes with the clean tang of lemon zest.
Clean white-fruit aromas are fresh and dry. This brut Cava puts out citric notes on a palate with bright malic acidity. Lime and green-apple flavors finish fresh but without any shift towards complexity.
his white has a big, aromatic nose of flowers, spice, apples and pear, followed by a balance of minerality and fruit. A good everyday sip with ethnic cuisine, cheeses. Imported by Southern Wine & Spirits.
This fruity, wood-aged wine has plenty of potential. Its stone fruit flavors are full and rich, a contrast to the herbaceous edge. A smooth texture is just showing through. Keep for 2–3 years.
From 62-year-old, dry-farmed vines, the Esola Zinfandel is leathery, full of tobacco and dust surrounded by spicy red fruit. With great structure and savoriness, it's soft with a light, lingering finish and will develop further with grace another 5–7 years.
The Reserva version of Mural makes a powerful statement. Dark in color and packed with concentrated fruit, it is full of tannins as well as brooding black-plum flavors. Spice and juicy acidity complete the ensemble. It's a solid wine that needs to age to soften the tannic structure. Drink from 2017.
This Cab-based Bordeaux blend is absolutely dry and very tannic, with black currant and raisin flavors that are almost Porty. Not an ager.
This opens with a gaseous, sulfuric scent followed by aromas of peach pit, apricot, green apple and wet stones. The palate is lean and zesty, while flavors of lemon, tangerine and nectarine finish with a blend of raw acidity and oaky vanilla.
Tart Montmorency cherry meshes with a cedary cigar-box note on the nose of this wine. The palate is fruit-driven with ripe cherries and blueberries, lifted slightly by anise and bay-leaf spices.
Clos Pegase's regular Cab, as opposed to the single-vineyards and Hommages, succeeds in the very best vintages, of which this was not one. The wine smacks of fabulous technique and is very good, but would score higher if it had greater depth and length.
This is a ripe, lush wine, with high alcohol (16.3%), low acidity, and very forward flavors of blackberry and cherry jam, cocoa and spicy pepper. The fruit really stars in this dry blend of Cab, Syrah, Zin and Petite Sirah.
This is a plush and pleasantly concerntrated wine, with rich notes of black plum, cherry, and boysenberry that are spiced by notes of licorice and minty pepper. The medium-weight mouthfeel boasts velvety tannins and a well-build, solid structure. A hint of char unfolds on the lingering finish.
The Sugarloaf vineyard, a new site in the western Yakima Valley, is the grape source. This has a substantial mouthfeel, a mix of toast and cracker, berry and plum, with a kick of spice in the nose and the finish.
Woodland berry, toast, sawdust, grilled herb and camphor are some of the aromas that emerge on this. On the rather slim palate, licorice, orange peel and rose add interest to fresh strawberry while assertive tannins provide the framework. It finishes on a slightly bitter note of dried sage.
Medium gold in color, with a slight pink hue, this carries the aroma of canned tropical-fruit cocktail—tin and all. The peach-juice palate is viscous and round, almost oily, while the tart, tropical acidity struggles to bring balance.
Sadly, just 44 cases were produced, from Block 1 of the original estate vineyard. Rhubarb, cherry, cinnamon and suggestions of light tropical fruits are delicately entwined here. It would be easy to skip over the wine's complexity; you must let it breathe open and it will reward you with fascinating, subtle layers that slowly unravel.
Shows classy tannins, smooth and rich, and deft oak, but the grapes finish a tad too ripe, with suggestions of rum-soaked raisins. That's not a bad flavor, it's just not quite right for a dry table wine.
A little of this, a little of that, but it's a boringly soft, simple wine, and sweet as well.
Tart apple and lemon provide a zesty brightness and elegance in this straightforward wine, a celebration of minerality on the palate. Midway through, a taste of more developed stone fruit adds complexity and creaminess, with the wine finishing lean.
Spearmint and pine resin stand out in this simple, light-bodied red that traffics subtly in spice and tannin, not quite finding its balance.
Romagna, in central Italy, has the soothing climate and warm sunshine to make delicate, harmonious passito wines that don't exaggerate in terms of sweetness. This light gold wine is composed without being withdrawn and delivers creamy apricot, sharp herbal qualities and natural rubber. It glides down smooth in the mouth and has very balanced acidity.
Crisp, crushed raspberry fruits and acidity lace the wine with delicious freshness. It is bright, with a tang of red currants and a fresh finish.
White spring flower and apple aromas lift out of the glass. On the palate, bracing acidity and brisk bubbles offset ripe pear and a hint of thyme.
Toast aromas surround baked apple, transforming to baking spice in the mouth. The oak is forward, but underneath, the fruit doesn't match up.
Young and oaky now, showing an uncomfortable alliance of sweet vanilla and caramel with intense, primary fruit blackberry and cherry flavors. Syrah's innate pepper and meatiness offer additional complexities. Ungainly now, but has everything it needs to glide through 2013 while gradually developing nuance.
This is a rich, broad-shouldered Pinot Noir, woodsy and oaky with a firm and fierce grip on the palate. It leans more toward earth and smoke than exuberant fruit. Textured in soft undertones of silk, it also offers plenty of fresh herb, a component to take advantage of in pairing.
Here is a modern Brunello with an obvious wood or oak-related element that sits on top of blackberry, mature cherry, raspberry and cola. It's a plush, dense and modern wine with loads of mature berry fruit and lingering tones of smoke and spice.
Early aromas of clove and spice give way to chunky berry fruit and some grassy notes. The palate bursts forward with juicy fruit and full tannins, and the finish is reasonably long. Snappy and simple, with a forward attitude.
A pretty pale salmon color, this 100% varietal wine is direct and appealing with notes of watermelon rind and strawberry. It drinks with a sweet-tart finish that shows a bit of heat.
An idiosyncratic wood-aged blend of Chardonnay, Welschriesling and Semillon, full of ripe, toasty, sweet fruit, with an attractive citrus layer. It's intense, concentrated and finely polished.
This Syrah is heavy and minty, with plastic aromas. The palate is chunky and citrusy in feel, with little body. Flavors of clove, mint and berry lead to a resiny, almost fruitless finish.
The new vintage of Ambiance is again a blend of Viognier, Roussanne, Marsanne and Grenache Blanc, from a trio of excellent vineyards. At first firm and phenolic, it opens up gracefully, with vivid flavors of candied orange peel, honeydew melon and apricot jam. Aging in neutral French oak helps to round out the animated flavors. Drink now and over the next two years.
This is a dense, chewy Zin with lush berry flavors. It has notes of blackberry juice and tar, with hints of tobacco and vanilla on the back palate. Made from old vines and blended with 6% Barbera and 4% Alicante Bouschet.
The aromas leap out of the glass, with notes of potpourri, dried orange peel and honey. It drinks sweet, with viscous-feeling flower and marmalade flavors, with white flowers lingering on the finish.
This wine has a mellow nose of apricot, honey and lemon, and is followed by creamy fruit flavors of apricot and honey. Complex and luscious but balanced by acidity and and spice, the wine has a lingering, sweet finish. A great find.
Shows some slightly flinty notes on the nose, while the bulk of the flavors run more toward citrus and nectarine. Round and fleshy, with a touch of honey on the finish, while remaining dry in style. This is a relatively young winery that's still getting its feet under it, but looks to have a promising future.
This stalky, red fruit flavored wine has an attractive, ready-to-drink fruitiness. It is soft with light acidity and only a hint of tannins. Drink now.
This uneasy wine combines sour cherry candy flavors with herbal, vegetal notes. The oak adds a note of sweet toast.
A beautiful Pinot Noir for drinking now. It's delicate and elegant and refined in the mouth, but rich in flavors, offering raspberry tart, red cherry pie with the crust, and dusty Indian spices that finish dry and long, with a touch of funkiness.
Aromas of lees and ripe red apple lead to medium-sweet apple flavors. It goes down easy.
This robust wine opens with aromas of spiced plum, clove and a balsamic note. The spicy palate offers prune, dried blackberry, red currant and ground pepper alongside hearty tannins. A marked licorice note signals the close.
The Art Series's little sibling is this lush, full-bodied Chardonnay that packs in a lot of flavor. Hints of buttered toast, nuts, vanilla and tropical fruit (guava?) all gently caress the palate, framed by just enough focus to hold it all together. Drink now.
The wine is all about fresh apples and pears, with just a hint of smokiness and mineral texture. Crisp, with great acidity, it's ready to drink now, bright, full in the mouth and very fruity.
Subdued stone-fruit, jasmine and white-flower aromas lead to off-dry fruit flavors. It goes down easy.
Tart cherry aromas and flavors with tarragon accents are wrapped in oak in this medium-weight, mature red. The wine is evenly textured, but the oak sits well to the fore, really predominating on the very dry, tangy-in-a-woody-way finish. —M.M.
Nice color and richness, but a bit over the top given that the bouquet is pure raisin and chocolate. Tilts the scale a bit to the heavy side, with black plum and berry flavors along with soft, wide tannins. Brushes the frontier of Port with its thickness. Ripeness is not lacking.
Inky and narrow on the nose, with jammy red fruit aromas. Has a downward momentum in the mouth, so the body collapses as it delivers stationary, sweet berry flavors. Packs power and weight but doesn't exceed the basics.
Good, but a bit tamped down and dull in character, although it's very dry, and the tannins are nice and smooth. Not much going on flavor-wise except for modest blackberry and spice flavors. Drink now.
Firmly structured, this opens with aromas of white truffle, forest floor, baking spice and red berry aromas accented with a whiff of sage and rosemary. On the palate, notes of white pepper, grilled herbs and tobacco accent the black cherry core while a backbone of assertive but refined tannins provide the framework.
The aromas entice with notes of wet stone, honeysuckle, chamomile and stone fruit. The palate is generous in flavor and feel, showing a fine sense of balance.
This shows easy characteristics of red cherry, bitter almond, cola and spice, with a bright and cleansing finish. It would pair nicely with pasta or pizza.
While bright and fresh with fruit, this robust structured rosé offers enough substance to thrive beyond a summer season. Dry and sprightly, it offers crisp raspberry and cherry flavors nuanced by complexities of garrigue and earth. A pleasant bite of tannins elongates the finish.
In contrast to a nose that's more mineral than fruit, the intensity of this wine's voluptuous nectarine and yellow peach flavors surprise. It's dry in style but with a succulent fruitiness that clings delectably to the palate. Finishes long and lean with a tang of steely minerality. Drink now through 2019.
Winemaker Scot Covington trained with Merry Edwards and his prowess with Pinot shows through in this spicy, structured release, adorned in plum and dark cherry fruit. The finish is grippy and marked by a pronounced and inviting nuance of earthy forest floor.
Vibrant cherry and blueberry fruit is backed by sweet spice and thick extraction. The wine has a penetrating, brooding character and delivers many layers of spice, especially in the mouth. It has solid tannins and good structure and could stand up to grilled meats and game dishes.
This edition of Dosaggio Zero shows delicate harmony and complexity with layers of stone fruit, citrus, almond and white flower. Zesty perlage is enhanced by more stone fruit flavors on the silky finish.
A real crowd pleaser, this is a full, round and soft wine, with thick layers of dried berry, spice, leather and dark tobacco flavors. It would pair with any meat-based pasta dish.
If you're going to enjoy this wine now, let it open up for a couple of hours to allow some of the nuanced notes to express themselves. Sultry aromas of boysenberry and blueberry are framed with complex additions of purple florals, sweet cured meat, vanilla bean and toasty oak. The palate is lush and mouthfilling, with fine but aggressive tannins and a beautiful minerality to the dark fruit core. Cocoa-dusted truffle flavors flood the long finish; hold until 2016–2020.
Bouscassé is the home of Alain Brumont who also owns Château Montus in Madiran. This powerful wine with its blend of Tannat with the two Cabernets (Franc and Sauvignon) is dense and packed with firm tannins. It is also equally full of generous black-plum fruits and considerable acidity. This is still young—it's a concentrated wine that needs to age further. Drink from 2019.
Quite ripe raspberry juice, cola, roses and violet candy shows on the nose of this wine from the veteran producer along Highway 101 in southern San Luis Obispo County. The palate offers root beer, cola, cream soda, chocolate-covered cherries and cappuccino elements.
This is a full-bodied wine, with the Pinot fruit showing strongly in the blend, producing richness and a sweet-tasting character. This most recent cuvée from Roland Champion is powerful—a fine combination of minerality and bottle age. Keep it for 3–4 years, but it can be consumed now.
Spicy aromas in this blend of Blaufränkisch and Zweigelt lead to a juicy, fresh, lightly tannic wine. It has plums, aromatic black currants and a soft, elegant aftertaste. Screwcap.
Quite charred and hard, which is something I can't remember in tasting VM's wines for the past decade. It's also plummy and thick, with a flat palate that doesn't register on the mouthfeel meter. Flavors of black fruits are lemony from the oak and generic, while the finish is round and basic.
A hint of maple syrup in the aromas and flavors gives this medium-bodied red a touch of sweetness. Oak flavors dominate the modest fruit on the palate.
Prosecco Cortenova offers some sticky aromas of honeysuckle and caramel beyond fresher nuances of citrus, peach and creamy honey. The luminous sparkler is bright and firm on the close with a sharp, citrusy fade.
Tasty flavors like Pippin apple and tangy cherry, plus a smooth and lively texture bring a lot of appeal to this light-bodied wine. The combination of crisp acidity, luxurious mouthfeel and bright but subtle flavors is a winning one.
Spicy and herbal, with a palate reminiscent of Sauvignon Blanc, this blends a grassy aroma with a mix of citrus, apple and pear notes. It has excellent concentration through the midpalate, with a clean, fresh finish.
Inky tones of blackberry, plum and spice come to the forefront of what is a simple but generous red wine. There's bulk and pulp here but the wine also has firm tannins and good structure to keep it balanced.
Engineered as modern Brunello and deliciously successful as such. Owned by the Ferragamo family. This is a wild card, new winery with little in the way of a track record and a lot to prove. But you can count on it becoming a pivotal force in a few years. Full, rich, ripe, dense and fruit-forward with feathery softness in the mouth. Imported by William Grant & Sons, Inc.
From one of the region's leading producers and biodynamic rockstars, this wine stands out from the crowd. It offers apple tart, lemon rind and wild mint, with some floral soap notes. The acidity is present but not overpowering, balanced by some textural weight and an attractive citrus and spice finish.
Fragrant blue flower, wild berry and spiced plum aromas come together in the glass. The vibrant palate offers fleshy black cherry, ground pepper, coffee and grilled herb while firm, fine-grained tannins back up the juicy flavors.
Savory herb and lemon aromas lend elegance to lusciously ripe peach and apricot flavors in this fruity, yet remarkably dry Riesling. Soft Meyer-lemon acidity mingles on the palate with a flurry of blossomy notes, finishing with a hint of lime-skin astringency.
This is a very special, one-of-a-kind sparkling wine. Made in the metodo classico with indigenous Greco grapes (from the southern Italian region of Campania) the wine rests on the lees for 24 months to achieve extra richness and opulence on the nose and mouth. Ripe aromas of peach, melon and almond rise to the forefront.
This riserva shows initial prune and tobacco aromas followed by dark cherry, blackberry and coffee flavors. The palate is lean and restrained, with smooth tannins and mineral notes. Showing the forward nature of the vintage, this is already drinking well and should be enjoyed soon.
Fragrant and refined, this shows enticing aromas of wild herb, rose petal, dark spice, red berry and a whiff of camphor. Luminous and elegant, the vibrant palate has juicy Marasca cherry, cranberry, star anise and white pepper while bright acidity and taut polished tannins provide the framework. It's still young but already possesses terrific poise. Drink 2021–2033.
This off-dry version of Orvieto offers fragrances of ripe pear and stone fruit. On the easygoing palate, hints of bitter almond accent yellow peach and green apple. It's simple but well made.
This blend of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Petit Verdot and Syrah shows a somewhat uneasy mix of woodspice, green herb and cherry aromas. Flavors are pleasant, lighter in style and easy drinking, with a refreshing finish.
This is a Muscat for the masses, except that the masses better hurry because there were only 220 cases made. With 60 g/L of residual sugar, it has a gorgeous nose of jasmine and drinks clean and bright, sweetly balanced and satisfying. Pair it with the spiciest curry or Thai noodles. It'll pop in magnificent ways.
A little funky and animal-like upon opening, but meatier and better later on. The palate is ripe and slightly medicinal, with drawn plum and berry flavors riding on a wave of hard tannins. Dark toffee and chocolate flavors on the finish, but also some heat.
Good Zin character, with brambly berry flavors and smooth tannins, but a little too sweet
This is a ripe structured wine produced by the Pelvillain family at their 30-acre vineyard in Prayssac, to the west of Cahors. It is a fresh wine with tannins that will soften quickly and easily. Fresh berry fruits and a touch of minerality are combined with acidity to form a fine, ripe and balanced wine. Drink from 2017.
This bottling of the Mt. Eden and Clone 4 clones shows apple sauce, lemon rinds and a bit of browned butter on the nose. The palate offers plenty of salty energy, with flavors of seared nectarine, lemon rinds and toasted orange zest.
The wine is rich, firmly textured with layers of strong, dusty tannins. It is drily structured although the bright black currant fruit is developing well. Refreshing fruity acidity marks the end.
Chalky and thick, this varietal wine offers a wealth of herbal, vegetative qualities while remaining medium-bodied in the glass, supplemented in violet and cassis.
Unusually fruity for a Pinot Gris, this bursts with quince, hay and lanolin aromas that give way to an intense palate with good weight. While slightly astringent, the mouthwatering finish will provide a good foil for fried calamari.
Azal is a comparatively rare grape to be vinified on its own, so this example is something of a curiosity. It has plenty of acidity and is a refreshing, appley wine suited for summertime drinking, very chilled.
This is a serious, tannic wine that will need many years to fully develop. For now, it has firm tannins, creating a dense texture and a solid structure.
Delicate smoke and mineral tones seep into succulent yellow cherry and peach flavors in this deeply complex, structured wine. Delicate yet mouthcoating, zesty yet unctuous, it's a lingering, honeyed sip of sunshine.
Lots to like here, especially the complex array of black raspberry jam, cola, tobacco, baking spice and sandalwood flavors. The tannins are nice and smooth, and there's enough acidity for balance. While the official alcohol is 14.5% by volume, the wine does have some jalapeño pepper heat in the mouth.
Aromas recall pine forest, balsam, black berries, sandalwood and menthol. The palate delivers rich red and black cherry layered with black pepper, toast and chocolate alongside bracing, teeth-coating tannins.
Underbrush, scorched earth, leather and camphor aromas lead the way along with an earthy whiff of game. On the ripe chewy palate, notes of crushed mint, clove, licorice and grilled porcini accent a juicy black-cherry core. Firm close-grained tannins offer taut support.
Light in color it reveals intense aromas of ripe, baked cherry fruit and pungent earth, streaks of herbal cinnamon and clove playing in the background.
This wine is mostly Sémillon, with Sauvignon Blanc filling in the rest. It's one of the rare white wines from the Walla Walla AVA, graceful, full-bodied and tasting of fig and green banana. Just recently bottled, it still carries a bit of yeast in the nose and in the finish. Give it another few months to pull itself together.
MorAle is an impressive value wine that delivers the freshness and clean straightforwardness you can expect of Sangiovese backed by the warmth and texture you get in sunny Romagna in central Italy.
Big and ripe, with hefty aromas of stewed fruit, cola and mint. The palate is broad but drying, with average plum and blackberry flavors. It lacks some vitality and doesn't hit the high notes, but it's wholesome and qualifies as big-boned and ready.
Apple, lime and mineral aromas lend freshness to a mature nose. This feels round and plump, but well balanced due to fine acidity. Peach and citrus flavors are stony and finish with tropical notes of lychee and mango. Drink now.
Lots of ripe pineapple and tropical fruit flavors in this direct, one-dimensional wine. Lots of oak, too, with a veneer of buttered toast and vanilla. Easy to find, with 10,000 cases produced.
A little on the sweet side, but for the equivalent of $5 a bottle, this 3 liter Cab in a box provides good varietal character. The blackberry and cherry flavors are wrapped into sturdy tannins.
A bit more oxidized style of Riesling from Buellton-based winemaker John Wright, this delivers aromas of baking bread, roasted almonds and toast with marmalade. The rich yet lively wine relies more on tannins than tart acidity, with flavors of honey-laced brioche and seared marshmallow.
High-toned cherry and floral notes blend with scents of plum and raspberry. This is narrow and jammy in feel, such that it collapses a bit. The preserved-berry flavors are more generic than specific.
Intense ripeness and delicate texture go hand-in-hand in this stunning dry Riesling. Honeyed tones of pineapple, tangerine and lemon quiver nervously on the palate, bolstered by a reverberating throng of high-toned acidity. It's dazzling and vital with a lingering kiss of spice and earth.
Aromas of barrel spice, dried green herb, dried fruit and game lead to quite sweet black-cherry flavors, with gamy notes on the finish. It seems a bit dried out.
Anise, black cherry and allspice aromas give this Cabernet/Agiorgitiko blend a sultry start. On the palate, flavors of smoke, cedar, cherry and spice are integrated and smooth. A wine with panache and indigenous character.
This is one of three new single-vineyard Malbecs from venerable Trapiche, and it proves that with rich, old-vine fruit winemaker Daniel Pi can make ultramodern vino that will please New World palates the world over. This particular bottling is a potent brew of well-oaked juice that shows wintergreen, menthol and a ton of blackberry, black cherry and coffee. It isn't fooling around, that's for sure. Imported by Frederick Wildman & Sons, Ltd.
Under the watchful eye of consultant Michel Rolland, Candale has produced an intense, powerful expression of super-ripe Merlot. The tannins are dense, powering through the dark berry fruit, rounded by the wood. It could do with 4–5 years aging.
While briskly composed, this delicately bubbly blend of Chardonnay and Pinot Noir envelops the palate with a flurry of delicate foam. Late disgorged, it highlights flavors of pressed apples, pears and the faintest hint of brioche. Drink now.
This rich dessert nectar from Tuscany is made from a blend of Trebbiano and Malvasia grapes. It delivers typical Vin Santo aromas and flavors of maple syrup, dried apricot and candied oranges. Dense and sweet, it's a perfect match for traditional cantucci biscuits or to sip on its own after dinner.
This is a velvety smooth, superbly made white with delightful sparks of fresh-squeezed lemon, stone and salt. Ginger and lemongrass touches add an exotic quality, enhancing its bright freshness and core of acid-led tension.
Rex Hill makes a wide assortment of Pinots; this sports the black label and is widely available and fruit forward. It's loaded with raspberry and cherry flavors and dusted with a bit of clean earth. There is a typical (for Oregon) streak of Dr. Pepper flavor as well. Overall a nice bottle for immediate enjoyment.
Bright, fresh, fruity and light bodied, with pretty peach, apple and spice flavors that leave a crisp, clean and pleasant finish. Fairly sweet, but refreshing.
Plump and sweet, with plenty of honey aromas and flavors but not much spice, this SGN features hints of Earl Grey tea and low acidity, which shortens the finish.
Young and still tightly-wound, this excellent example of Yakima valley Syrah combines fruit from both Boushey and Olsen, two of the best sites for the grape anywhere in Washington. Aged in 30% new oak, it's showing generous streaks of graphite, smoke and char, with accents of cured meat around the blackest of black fruits. Well-named and well-constructed.
From a top subsection of McLaren Vale, this well-crafted Shiraz features a nice balance of sweet and savory notes. Ripe blackberry and plum flavors are matched by nuances of cedar, spice and meat. This creamy-textured Shiraz seems to be already approaching maturity; drink it now through 2012.
Lots of fruity richness in this dry Syrah. Shows blackberry, chocolate, licorice and pie crust flavors. The tannins are somewhat unbalanced, suggesting work needs to be done in the vineyard.
Rounded, relatively soft wine, but one that shows balance. Sweet fruit plays with black currant acidity, giving density, even if the tannins are lightweight. Clerc-Milon, made by the team that also produces Mouton-Rothschild, has become a delicious Pauillac.
Although it starts out with woodsy scents, this blend turns sweet in the mouth, with jam tones gliding over a base of fruit liqueur. Velvety tannins firm up a bit on the finish, making this a good partner for barbecued pork. Drink up.
Cabernet Sauvignon makes up 95% of this wine, with the balance Syrah. It seems reductive out of the gate, making it a challenge to get at the black-cherry aromas. The dark fruit, fig and herb flavors are full in feel, seeming slightly dried out and backed by surprisingly soft tannins for the variety.
One of Italy's most fascinating wines, this rare red is made from the grapes of 100-year-old, ungrafted vines. It opens with intense, inviting violet, dark spice and woodland berry aromas that carry over to its smooth, juicy palate, along with ripe Morello cherry, cranberry and ground pepper notes.
Aromas of sage, espresso and green, savory herbs are at the fore on this lightly colored blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot, with the fruit notes in the background. The coffee and cherry flavors are elegant yet rich, with an outrageously long, expressive finish. It's all about subtlety, refinement and detail with plenty of each but needing some time for them all to meld together.
Aromas of red berry, blue flower, menthol, exotic spice and a whiff of French oak take shape on this impeccably balanced radiant red. The palate is vibrant and focused—almost ethereal—delivering raspberry compote, Marasca cherry, star anise and cinnamon framed in elegant tannins. Weightless and loaded with finesse, it's an incredible result for what was a cool wet vintage in most of Italy. Drink through 2024.
Fruity and perfumed, this is an attractive, fresh wine. It has crisp acidity, along with an herbaceous touch accenting apple and lime-juice flavors. There is a textured, tangy aftertaste that adds bite to the finish.
Brambly and leafy on the nose and palate, with tight acidity and reedy, peppery flavors that suggest foresty raspberry. The finish is equally peppery, herbal and leafy, but overall it's not green or unappealing. A natural wine in that it's unoaked.
This is flat and lemony on the nose, with a hint of asparagus. It feels zesty and tastes of tart lemon-lime and green bean. Tangy but not edgy or razor-like on the finish. This is a classic cool-climate white with citrus and green elements running the show.
A rich wine from a ripe year. The flavors are full and open, edged with a mushroom character that suggests maturity. The fruits are going towards almonds, while the structure has softened.
Aged in stainless steel, this fresh wine presents a correct bouquet of cherry and wild berry aromas. There's a touch of almond paste and cola in the back and the wine is compact and crisp on the close.
A bit volatile, with a hint of fusil, light herb and cut grass flavors, and fruit that is just ripe enough. Green banana and green apple, with a soft mouthfeel and a gentle fade.
Like many top Marlborough Sauvignons, this wine has a leafy, herbal component backed by copious fruit. In this case, the wine delivers touches of nectarine and pineapple, along with a bit of chili pepper. It's medium-bodied, with a long, mouth-watering finish.
This is a chunkier, somewhat rustic cousin to Pinot Noir, often used to bulk up a sparkling wine. Here, on its own, it's generously loaded with pomegranate, earth and green tea flavors. The aromatics capture some of the rose petal bouquet of its more delicate relation.
A northern Italian red that delivers earthy aromas as well as mineral and barrel notes. Cherry and raspberry flavors are light, while the mouthfeel is a touch raw and peppery. A different breed of rosso from Franciacorta.
Delicate dustings of saffron and spice lend complexity to unctuous honey and tangerine on this luscious, concentrated eiswein. While light as a feather, its intensity and power are jaw dropping. A streak of high-toned acidity draws out a long, mineral finish.
Grilled herb, underbrush toasted hazelnut and stewed prune aromas meld together along with a floral note. The juicy, structured palate presents fleshy Morello cherry, raspberry, star anise, clove and a hint of orange zest alongside firm, polished tannins that give this a smooth mouthfeel.
Quite a distinguished '99, with its flamboyant aromas of spicy blackcurrants and cassis, with an oaky overlay of smoke and vanilla. Feels good as soon as it hits the palate, with blackberry flavors that last through the finish. The jolt of dry tannins that makes the palate puckery suggests midterm aging.
Hints of popcorn and buttered toast accent flavors of pressed apple and pear on this easygoing semisweet Cayuga. It's delicate in frame, finishing with a bright burst of lemon-candy acidity.
In the smooth, polished style of other wines in the Cistus range from Quinta de Val da Perdiz, this wine has mint aromas, licorice and some bitter chocolate flavors, rounded and burnished with new wood flavors. It needs aging—maybe 4 or 5 years.
Barbecue and lusty stews are what this wine wants. It's dryish to sweet in raisin, blackberry jam, chocolate, beef jerky and spice flavors, and the tannins are big and tough.
This wine is quite roasted on the nose, with spice and barebecue aromas dominating any fruit that might want to escape. The palate has a hard, tannic, rubbery outlook and flavors of mint, barbecued meat, baked berry and plum. It remains roasted and savory tasting on the finish.
From Italy's premier metodo classico sparkling wine region, this bright Franciacorta offers toasted notes of almond and baked bread backed by fresh tones of peach and citrus. In the mouth, it offers light, crisp informality with loads of fresh fruit and peach on the close.
Generally speaking, this is a respectable Priorat from a tough year. The nose is berry packed, while the flavors run toward toast-covered raspberry. It's typically grabby and expansive, as any good young wine from the area will be, yet you can drink it now with meat.
A very soft, creamy wine that seems to miss the fruit flavors, but still delivers an attractive if somewhat unfocused taste. Drink now.
Easily merits its reserve status due to the upscale, velvety texture, rich, oaky fruit flavors and overall balance that, combined, offer impressive pleasure.
This red blend offers a nose of black cherry and cedar, with flavors of cherry, vanilla, cedar and spice. Smooth, easy drinking and bright, it's a good choice for grilled meats, duck or tomato-based dishes.
Edging towards minerality, this is a textured wine, its acidity penetrating right through. This intense, crisp character is complimented by the balanced fruit with its ripe apricot and kiwi flavors. Age for 2–3 years. Screwcap.
This blend of Syrah and Grenache is soft and melted, with green peppercorn flavors along with riper cherries, chocolate and rhubarb. Ready to drink now.
A cool-vintage offering from the winery's young estate vineyard, this 100% varietal wine provides aromas and flavors of green olive, herb and ash. Elegant and supple, the wine has a pleasing sense of texture and a finish that won't quit.
Quite a bit different than the bodega's Flor de Grealo prestige bottling; this wine is a touch stewy, with molasses and braised-beef aromas. The palate leans toward unctuous and syrupy, while the finish is flatter than ideal. A blend of Syrah, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon.
Earthy and brawny in pungent compost aromas, this wine has a citrus-laden edge of crisp mineral and bitterroot. Full-bodied and richly layered, its fruit components are dipped in baked rhubarb and black tea.
There's so much heat in this 16% alcohol Zin. Granted, it's fully dry, with a smooth, voluptuous texture, and quite delicious in berry and mocha fruit flavors. Classic Zin in its own right, but oh, that alcohol!
A bit muted and easy-drinking with soft notes of tart green apple and lemon peel throughout. It's brisk and prickly on the tongue with a fleeting finish; drink up.
Lovely, sweet plummy fruit, leads into a soft, rich, mouth-pleasing wine. Beautiful bouquet, tons of flavor in an elegant style. Leafy, old-viney finish.
This is a rounded wine, full of perfumed fruit and wood flavors. It has a dense texture with ripe, dusty tannins and fine acidity. From the Alliance Bourg co-op, this full-bodied and rich Bordeaux blend will be a fine wine from 2019.
While the wine does have some dry tannins, it is surprisingly light and soft for a Nuits-Saint-Georges. Red cherry flavors are already as important as the acidity and the dry core. That means this is not a wine for long-term aging, so drink from 2017. This is one of the first vintages since Labouré-Roi, which was hit by scandal in 2012, passed into new ownership.
For under $10, this wine delivers an admirable blend of cherry fruit and savory underpinnings. Hints of asphalt and black olive finish on a mouthwatering note, joined by the suggestion of caramelized fruit. Drink now.
This 100% Merlot wine from 30-year-old vines is one of the producer's limited productions. The wine is superrich in the plump, generous style. Its black-plum fruits give it the weight and ripeness as well as the smooth texture. There is a bite of pepper from the alcohol that spoils the opulent full aftertaste. Drink from 2018.
A perfumed wine from the Krems Vineyards, with flavors of white fruits, currants and tangy kiwis. It is poised and elegant, with an exquisite fresh aftertaste. Screwcap.
Uncomplicated and dominated by red fruit aromas and flavors. This is your everyday type of red wine that could probably be made from just about any grape or blend of grapes. Here, Tempranillo and 15% Shiraz make for a dry, mildly oaky red with freshness and little else. Fine if you're not looking for anything special.
This widely ranging blend includes Bordeaux-style grapes, Tannat and Syrah. This wine is fruity, light as a feather and with the typical caramel underlay that comes from the Merlot in the blend. Red fruits and a crisp texture give this wine its attractive acidity. Drink now.
Pinots from this AVA have a bit of an herbal edge which, in good hands, can help to define and frame the cool climate fruit flavors. Here is a mix of plum and wild berry, the purple fruit set against balancing tannins that carry that hint of earth and heather.
This 100% varietal wine, a steal of a deal, works in its offering of juicy plum, just enough grip and pleasant structure. Integrated oak helps it maintain a lightly firm texture on the palate, piquing in cranberry and red currant flavors on the finish.
The wine is soft, ripe, with a touch of maturity followed by good, tight wood tannins. The wine has a ripe character, quite full with hints of the wood aging as well as mature fruit.
Tasted in Feb., 2009, this Cab still showed a lot of fresh, piquant primary fruit character. The jammy cherries and blackberries are brightened with crisp, citrusy acidity. Clean and balanced, but a bit rude now. Needs a couple years to knit together.
Aglianico and Piedirosso grapes are blended to produce a thick and broad wine with an inky black color and notes of very ripe red fruit. It has a sweet, chewy aspect with vibrant, albeit densely extracted fruit and soaring tannins. Try it with a beef stew or similarly heavy dishes.
Mid-gold color, with strong waxy, earthy aromas. Dry with broad savory, earthy flavors, some bruised apple, melon compote and fusel notes. Mature with a fairly rich texture, but a slightly viscous finish. Moderate flavor concentration and length.
This small- production wine showcases the wild, feral and lonely personality of this winery's extreme coastal mountain location, offering the most exotic flavors that are hard to describe. Asian pears, pomegranates, Dr. Pepper cola, red currants, licorice, bacon and rare berries like mulberries and loganberries come to mind. It's softly delicious and drinkable now, yet has a firm acidic structure that suggests aging into the future. It will be fascinating to watch this wine develop over the next decade.
This wine is dry, light bodied and brisk in acidity. It's tasty with cherry, licorice and spice flavors. A pretty good value, showing some real delicacy and complexity.
A proprietary red made of mostly Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot, this is a nod to Langtry's best fruit, which is grown on a hillside vineyard on the north face of Mount Veeder. This is a full blockbuster that's flavored with red berry and mint, finishing smooth.
Nicely concentrated and showing a full bouquet of minty black fruit, leather, spice and herbs. The palate is tannic and ripe, with black cherry, blackberry and an outlying salty, meaty accent. Finishes dry and controlled, with spice and mint. A prime wine from the Undurraga family.
Produced only from Grand Cru vineyards on the north side of the Montagne de Reims (with some Chardonnay from the Côte des Blancs), this wine is beautifully balanced. It is rich and creamy, with just a zing of mineral acidity to give extra freshness. It is just now ready to drink, still fresh although with touches of toast at the end.
Quite off-dry but balanced, with pretty pear scents over a base of wet earth and honey. Medium, slightly funky finish. Ideal to partner with a Malaysian seafood dish. Drink now to 2012.
Forward, emphatic aromas of candied peaches, raspberry jam, vanilla and smoke turn overtly sweet in the mouth. There's plenty of ripe, jammy fruit, and  just enough acidity to keep it from being overly mushy. The finish is clean.
You won't find much varietal character in this blend of Viognier, Riesling, Chardonnay, Verdelho and Semillon, but what you get is a medium-bodied white that should prove versatile at the table. Peach, pear and citrus aromas and flavors are carried by moderate weight and a slightly creamy texture.
Though it's plushly textured and even and supple on the tongue, the flavors are woody rather than fruit-driven, with dried-spice nuances. Finishes dry, with cherry and chocolate notes and mouth-coating tannins.
Leathery and earthy, with hints of cranberries and chocolate. It's medium bodied and supple enough to drink now, turning a bit tart on the finish.
Made from 75% Cabernet Sauvignon and 25% other Bordeaux varieties, this wine offers simple dark cherry fruit and chewy tannins, the oak firm and supportive, with a finishing touch of tobacco.
Shows a dry, acidic profile, with tantalizing raspberry and sour-cherry candy and sweet oak flavors. The mouthfeel is silky and delicate.
From Schug Estate, Wildcat Mountain and other nearby vineyards, this wine is made in larger quantities and intended for casual consumption with its soft, juicy personality bursting in tropical mango and pear. A touch of clove and nutmeg shine through a persistence of oak.
Floral and aromatic, this is a ripe wine with delicious, intense acidity as well as a touch of honey. Rich peach and pear come through strongly. It's a refreshing, juicy wine that is developing quickly. Drink from 2016.
This offers black currant flavors and firm, stalky tannins. It has acidity, a good juicy character and a dry aftertaste. Drink from 2015.
La Playa does a good job capturing Colchagua's warmth and translating that into healthy wines like this. Light oak aromas are manifested as butter, dill and coconut, while berry fruit and cola are also part of the aromatic package. It's a bit lean and snappy in the mouth, with strawberry and raspberry flavors mixed with carob and cream. Tight and typical for solid Carmenère.
While toast and spice are prominent on the nose, oak notes integrate elegantly on the palate of this plush, full-bodied Bordeaux-style blend. It's juicy and fruit forward, with soft, chalky tannins showcasing sultry, ripe cassis and blackberry flavors.
The 2006 vintage strikes again, causing particularly strong feline aromas and taste.
Here's a dense, dramatic young Syrah. It's potent in black currant, cherry, anise and dark chocolate flavors, with plenty of toasty new oak. But more notable is the structure. Fine, ripely sweet tannins, good acidity and moderate alcohol make it balanced and even ageworthy over the next 6 years.
Only estate-grown grapes go into this blend that's one third each Cab Franc and Merlot, plus one third a mix of Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot. It's already drinking well, with super fruit concentration bringing raspberry, blueberry and cherry together in a wine finished with luscious chocolaty oak flavors. Smooth and forward, it gathers itself and focuses through an engaging finish.
Fancy name for a simple wine. It's dryish and crisp, and light in flavor, with traces of peaches and wildflowers.
Strong and ripe with Zinny flavor— intense wild berry and cherry fruit as well as a briary, brambly mouthfeel. High alcohol gives it a glycerine richness.
Pretty white floral and peach notes perfume this fresh, fruity unoaked Chardonnay. While lush and rounded on the palate, it balances bright honeydew and yellow cherry flavors against a backdrop of crisp acidity.
Spice, lees and custard aromas are followed by creamy-feeling fruit flavors that taper slightly toward the finish.
Cedar, graphite and dried herb form a crucible of flavor and complexity in this well-made wine, priced fairly for the quality. Seamless interwoven tannins support a hefty weight of powerful ripeness defined by sultry layers of dark cherry and dark chocolate.
Whatever the blend is on this red wine, and winemaker Heidi Barrett isn't saying, it's really interesting. The bottle is old-fashioned and stubby, like something from the 1700s. The wine itself is immediately likeable for its spicy array of spices and berries. Despite its upfront appeal, there's a complexity that elevates it.
Ripe tannins and rich red-plum fruits give this wine a generous rounded character. Bringing out the generosity of this vintage, the wine is a balance between the broad fruits and acidity. In the background, the tannins give the wine extra weight. Drink from 2019.
Plump, melony and ripe on the nose, with creamy pear, melon and banana flavors. Normally this wine is more racy and acidic than this, but the '05 seems tropical relative to previous years. Still, it's a good wine that will go down nicely if properly chilled. Drink now.
Glowingly ripe pear and juicy yellow plum make a great aromatic opening that continues onto the flavorful palate where it is tempered pleasantly by white pepper and lemon zest. Freshness, verve and drive characterize the concentrated palate. The finish is long and clean.
A nice Zin made in Mazzocco's bold, ripe style, and since it's as good as their more expensive Zins, a comparative value. Shows massive flavors of blackberries, cherries, currants, licorice and cola, leading to a dry, somewhat hot finish.
This cleverly named wine, which is a blend of several vineyards, is an astounding value. It comes very close to the quality of Pali's single-vineyard, far more expensive Pinots, with complex cherry, cola and smoky cedar flavors. Absolutely one of the best under-$20 Pinots in California.
All Syrah, this pale copper-colored wine offers very pretty aromas of watermelon, pear and cherry. The palate is elegantly styled, dry, fresh and vibrant with spritely acidity and a drawn-out, citrus-filled finish.
Chunky, herbal berry and plum aromas are the introduction. A tight, grabby, tannic palate delivers herbal plum and berry flavors backed by scratchy tannins. Overall, this is a good and fair rendition of Chilean Cabernet.
Classic hints of mint mark the black-cherry and cassis aromas of this wine. On the palate, the fruit is reasonably restrained but pure, barely touched by dried spices and cedar, then glides to a silky finish. Drink now–2020.
Rich and forward in jammy black cherry, raspberry and spice flavors, this Zinfandel drinks well now. It's a tannic wine, as you'd expect off Howell Mountain, but those tannins are refined and sweet. Drink now with a nice steak.
Dense and well structured, this is also a rich and juicy wine. It has crisp acidity, a fresh character that goes well with the firm tannins. Still young, this fruity wine needs to age, so drink from 2017. Marcel Verfaillie purchased the property in 2007. Enologist Jean-Marc Domme runs the estate; consultant is Thomas Duclos.
The blend is 70% Cab Sauvignon and 30% Merlot and the resulting wine is ripe with blackberry, resin, tobacco, cigar box and prune. There's a round, plush quality derived from oak use and the tannins are tight and smoky.
Pleasant cherry, cola, spice and sandalwood flavors mark this bone dry Pinot Noir. It's a little harsh in texture, with sharp acids and tannins defining a certain rustic style from California.
A lovely Merlot, rich and fine, with lots of blackberry and cherry fruit, but also with more complex, earthier notes of olive tapenade, balsamic vinegar and sautéed wild mushrooms. The wine should hold for some years, but is really at its best now.
A World War II–era pinup, caught mid-salute with a glass of wine in her left hand, makes this one of the more eye-catching labels to hit the shelf this year. It's a solid effort, which could pass for a Merlot if it had the requisite 75%. Chunky, cherry/chocolate flavored, and quite delightful.
Oak and spice components fill the aroma. The flavors are rich and concentrated, making this a big yet seductive wine. Layered and complex, this full-bodied wine is well supported by fine, velvety tannins.
This opens with pretty aromas suggesting perfumed berry, leather, violet and menthol. The soft, accessible palate offers crushed black cherry and licorice framed in supple tannins. It isn't complex, but it is delicious and already approachable.
The wine still tastes young, with ripe yellow fruits and bright acidity. Chardonnay dominates the blend, allowing hints of minerality to come through the lime and lemon crispness. Still developing its more toasty character, it will be better from 2017.
Musky spiced pear and melon aromas lead off, backed up by lush ripe pear and melon flavors. Finishes with a tasty blend of tart pineapple and peppery, clove-like spice.
Here's a Sicilian dessert wine that stands out in a crowd thanks to its layered aromas of dried herbs, natural rubber, apricot, honey and citrus blossom. The wine boasts floral and fragrant flavors that enhance the natural sweetness you feel in the mouth.
This is a fine example of a fresh, complex, young Santa Rita Hills Pinot Noir. It's bone dry and elegantly crisp, with intricate flavors of cherries, rhubarb, pomegranates, Dr. Pepper cola and minerals, along with sweet, smoky notes from oak barrel aging. Best of all is the silky texture. Fine now, with decanting, and through 2014.
If you like a bigger, broader style, with plenty of toast and buttery goodness, this is the one for you. It spent a year in one-quarter new barrels, another eight months in neutral oak. Oily, buttery and loaded with ripe peach, pear and pineapple fruit, it's a wine to drink chilled and early, while it retains all of its innate freshness.
This is a particularly likeable and approachable (with 5% Chardonnay), delivering crisp stone-fruit flavors backed by honey, yellow flower, smoke, clove and a playful dash of herb. The aromas linger over the palate and close with a smoky aftertaste.
Grassy and sweet to start, and it never gets darker or more precise. The palate is o.k. but scattershot in how it delivers candied raspberry and black cherry amid heat and tannin. Kind of aggressive in the final analysis.
Hugely dense, this wine offers power. The fruit is sweet and superripe; the tannins are soft along with the creamy coffee flavor. Very intense in flavor, missing out on balance.
This 50-50 blend of Picpoul Blanc and Roussanne is ripe and fleshy, boasting round notes of melon, peach, pineapple and lemon custard. There's a soft, herbal accent of white flower and citrus zest that graces the lively finish. Drink now.
This Pinot is all about fruit, which is both its strength and its limitation. Raspberries, strawberries, persimmons are there, alongside caramelized, buttery oak. The finish is tannic and dry. Drink by 2016, after decanting.
This opens with plump cherry fruit and some oak shadings. It has bold intensity with a modern flair and has the high acidity, fresh fruit and tight tannins needed for successful cellar aging.
Vanilla candle wax, pollen and peaches-and-cream aromas are inviting and warm. The luscious body of juicy stone fruit is overcome by soapy floral notes on the midpalate, yet the persistent acid manages to clean up the flavors on the finish.
Here is a very plush, dark and decadent riserva with soft and luscious tones of ripe fruit, blackberry, moist earth and pipe tobacco. The wine is smooth, dense and enduring. It can be either aged or consumed in 3–5 years. The style reflects a soft, round approach to the crisp 2006 vintage.
On the light, fresh and fruity side of aged tawnies, this is ripe and has good acidity. Signs of wood aging are well mannered, not too obtrusive. Fresh and smoothly textured, it is delicious.
Light as a feather in body and alcohol, this has a faint raspberry note within, as well as a microscopic inkling of mushroom, but it lacks depth and character.
All Cabernet Sauvignon, this wine offers reserved aromas of dried herbs, toffee and high-toned dark fruit. The black fruit flavors are full and generous but still elegant with a pronounced finish.
Pure Malbec from the new estate vineyard, this is forward with sweetly grapy fruit flavors. Aging in 80% new oak adds a streak of espresso and pretty baking spices.
The 54-acre Landat vineyard, dominated by Cabernet Sauvignon, has produced a powerful, wood-aged wine. The wood shows in the firm and dense tannic structure and gives the wine a dry perspective. Black currant and acidity provided a more juicy aspect to this concentrated wine.
With strong wood flavors this is a wine that shows some good aging. It has spice, toffee and a rich texture. The wine is full, rich, mature and balanced.
This wine has a strongly tannic, dry character from the Malbec-inspired blend of 52% Merlot, 31% Malbec and 17% Cabernet Sauvignon. However the ripe blackberry fruits are match enough, giving ripe flavors with a squeeze of acidity and richness at the end. Drink from 2016.
Strong in fruit and oak, but very rich and elegant. Shows massively ripe flavors of green apples, pears and pineapples, with a honeysuckle floral note and leesy, oaky influences. Dry and crisp, it's an upscale Chardonnay to drink with the classic San Francisco combo of crab and buttered sourdough bread.
Subdued aromas of oak and citrus zest slowly take shape in the glass. The linear, svelte palate offers oak driven spice, lemon zest and yellow apple skin framed in racy acidity. A hint of toasted nut closes the finish.
Fine in acidity and elegantly dry, this is a glorious Cabernet, marked with intensely ripe flavors of blackberry and black currant. Delicious and ripe, it's sturdy in tannins. Really needs some time to come around. Best from 2015–2021 or so.
An unbalanced wine despite some pretty apple and peach flavors, an overlay of oak, and a creamy smooth texture. The parts are nice but somehow they don't knit together and the wine feels disjointed. Turns quite bitter on the finish.
I Cantoni opens with an immediate bouquet of superripe fruit, candied cherry, spice and chocolate. It's a chewy, soft wine that could pair with piquant aged cheese.
Mendocino's Navarro Vineyards hits it out of the ballpark with this truly stellar Sauvignon Blanc, its 20th year making SB. Partially barrel-fermented, this is an inviting wine of subtle jasmine aromas and touching minerality. An incredibly well-balanced version of the varietal full of lemon thyme and passion fruit. The acidity would cut nicely through a potato gratin.
An attractive wine that might be called “upscale rustic,” with its earthy plum, mineral and leather aromas and flavors. Full and tangy on the palate, it is already a great match for hearty food, and can be cellared as well, for two to five years.
The red fruit character merges easily into a more mature, nutty character. The Port has a smooth, rich, chocolate texture, the dryness of wood aging just beginning to show through the sweet caramel.
Alastro is a floral expression of Grecanico that offers bright tones of honey, jasmine, rose and almond blossom. This wine would make for a great predinner drink by the glass.
This bottling is sourced from the Wit' End estate vineyard. The palate boasts broad cherry flavors, showing medium concentration and definiton. It's clean, clear and one-dimensional.
Soft, ripe Merlot results in a wild strawberry-flavored wine. It is full in the mouth, very fruity, but missing acidity.
Riccardo Talenti's 2005 Brunello offers slightly raw or sharp notes of white cherry, forest berry, spice and cola. There's definition and linearity here capped by fresh acidity and a specifically firm or polished quality to the tannins.
Could almost be a Zinfandel, it's so jammy-fruity in raspberries, cherries, red currants and pepper, with firm tannins and a solid dose of acidity. It's also slightly sweet and one-dimensional.
This wine is youthfully pugnacious, gamy and nutty with sharp acidity that has yet to come into its own. From good fruit grown by good people, it has potential to soar in richly layered green apple and pear once it settles into itself.
This is finished dry, at 13.3% alcohol, and puts the emphasis on citrus and grass, cracker and grain. There is a smidgeon of varietal perfume—a whiff of rose petal—but overall it's trending more toward Sauvignon Blanc than most Gewürztraminer. Nonetheless there is an impression of sweetness on the palate, from the nicely-ripened fruit.
Pours light in color for a Bordeaux red, and the wine itself is delicate and elegant, without the density of, say, Napa. Yet it's full of fruity flavor, rich in black cherries, and bone dry.
Savory whiffs of nut skins, earth and sweat juxtapose sweet grapefruit and peach in this slightly rustic Riesling. Delicately textured with a lacy veil of sweetness, it's balanced briskly by a core of lime acidity. The finish is long and meandering.
Melon and apple fruit flavors are lightly buttery, fresh and spicy. The underlying minerality adds textural interest to this light, elegant and stylish offering.
Aromas of apricot and nectarine carry over to the palate along with lemon drop, yellow peach and pineapple. It's round and ripe with a slightly sweet midpalate, but fresh acidity gives a clean, fresh finish.
A bitter herbal edge frames this young wine that remains tight and unexpressive, even after many hours. Aged in 28% new French oak for 16 months, it may be showing significant bottle shock at this time. The finish is short, hard and slightly bitter.
Seems rather mature for such a young wine, but that doesn't diminish its pleasure. It's a complex Cabernet Sauvignon that shows a vast array of scents and flavors, ranging from leather and damp earth to dates, plums, strawberries and herbs. Classic tobacco flavors chime in on the finish. Drink now.
This is a fruity wine that has red fruit tones and a firm tannic character. It has juicy acidity, along with spice from wood aging. The Syrah in the blend gives an earthy character, while the acidity shows brightly at the end. Drink from 2016.
Excessive sharpness mars this wine. It's tart to the point of sour. Too bad, because it has a nice, silky texture and savory raspberry and cherry flavors.
Aromas of mesquite, smoke, strawberry, freesia and herbs are followed by quite light fruit flavors. The concentration seems wanting.
This heavy, dark purple-black wine tastes of leathery chocolate and cherry. Quite savory, it's big and grippy, concentrated in every way. The finish is long and licorice-inspired.
The nose of this friendly but soulful blend is packed with savory spice, dark berries and vanilla. Integrated pepper and spice and big berry flavors give it strength and finesse. An approachable, stylish red that will pair well with spicy dishes—think grilled kebabs and Moroccan cuisine.
The perfect summer apéritif, this light, fresh, crisp wine tastes just drier than previous vintages, allowing the apple and lemon fruits to shine even more. It has a tight, taut aftertaste, leaving the mouth clean and refreshed. Screwcap.
Notes of chocolate, blackberry and plum, and a waft of French oak that adds vanilla and clove aromas. It's hard to imagine prettier tannins, at once soft and luxurious. Call it a fine example from a light vintage.
Reductive at first, this wine opens to show aromas of coffee, dried herbs, carob and eucalyptus, with the barrel notes initially taking the lead followed by blue fruit. The fruit flavors are silky in feel with abundant coffee and plum notes backed by rustic tannins.
A fresh and fruity nose of lemon, white flowers and peach give this Assytriko a more feminine edge. On the palate, it's smooth but spicy, with lemon blossom and brine dancing on the palate. Good and easy to drink.
Produced from organic grapes grown in the dry Côa valley, this is a pure, fruited wine with a black-plum-skin texture and firm tannins. With its layers of acidity, it is crisp at the end while remaining solidly textured. The wine needs to age further, drink from 2018.
Composed primarily of Lemberger, this wine is fruit forward, with notes of blue and black berries along with generous cranberry and spice accents. The flavors are light and cranberry tart, tapering toward the finish. It's a pleasant easy drinker, with a focus on purity.
This well-made, ripe wine has a good balance between its fresh black currant fruits and tannins that are already softening. It is a success for the vintage, emphasizing fruit and fresh acidity, and will likely be ready to drink soon. Drink from 2018.
A toasty, leathery, baked-fruit bouquet is sultry and includes hints of popcorn and caramel. In the mouth, this is tannic and full-bodied, with flavors of bacon, hickory smoke, blackened spices and blackberry as the canvas. Minty, dark and oaky on the finish, with heat.
Sourced from a 35-year-old vineyard with views of the San Francisco Bay, this wine offers aromas of toasted oak, marshmallow, green pear and wet rock. The wood is quickly wiped out by brisk acidity on the palate, but then emerges again on the creamy finish. Given the acid levels in this cool vintage, this wine will evolve through at least 2019, but it's fine now.
Blending Cabernet and Merlot, this is a caramel-flavored dry rosé, with good berry fruitiness. There's a fine final burst of acidity.
From the winery's estate vineyard high on the mountain comes this young wine. Although it's tight in tannins and acidity, it's extraordinarily rich in blueberry, blackberry, chocolate and roasted almond flavors, like a granola bar. Alcohol of 15.3% provides a slightly hot, sweetly tart counterpoint to the fruit. A gorgeous Cabernet to drink now with a perfect steak.
A beautiful nose shoots up seductive aromas of herb and berry, lightly touched with barnyard in the most inviting way. A young wine, from young vines, it expresses itself more in the aromas than in the finish. But the balance is elegant and refined, the flavors full and earthy, the style reminiscent of other European-influenced Washington Syrahs such as Gramercy.
One of the best-selling Proseccos on the planet (thanks to very large case production numbers and good distribution), this well-priced sparkler is simple and fresh with loads of citrus, peach and melon.
Wood-aged and ripe, this is a solid, tannic wine. With mint over black fruits and firm new wood flavors, it will need to age. It is powerful on the palate from all the wood tannins and dense structure. Drink from 2017.
This is a fruity, fresh wine full of black currant and berry flavor. Delicately structured, there's a vein of fresh green herbs and bell-pepper flavors that lend crispness to the finish.
While demi-sec is the description, this almost as dry as some Brut Champagnes. Its flavors are of walnuts and pear juice along with a fine drive of acidity. This is food Champagne, looking for richer white fish or scallops as a pairing.
A mix of vineyard sites contribute to this juicy Chardonnay, with a luscious core of apple, melon and lime. Mostly stainless steel fermented, but about 15% was placed in neutral barrels to add textural richness. No malolactic fermentation took place, keeping the acids fresh and juicy.
There's a slight coppery tinge to this wine's color, which sets it apart from the vast majority of other Grigios on the market. And maybe it's just the suggestion of the hue, but it seems to taste "pink" as well, showcasing ripe berries and appples backed by tangy acids and great length. Classy stuff.
This retains just a hint of green to the finish, but it more than compensates by being single vineyard, single varietal—the most pure and true expression of terroir. There is no place to hide in such a wine, and this is stripped naked. The fruit leans to tart blueberry, wrapped in leaf and a bit of stem; tannins are chewy and the finish is light but complex, showing soy, smoke, tar and leaf.
A good everyday Cab, soft and ripe, with berry-cherry, oak and spice flavors. Full-bodied and dry, with fine tannins, it's at its best now.
Bold aromas, thick layers of fruit flavor, and a supple but steely texture of fine tannins and acidity add up to a powerful and complex wine that should improve with age. Pure, dark-fruit flavors are accented by smoke and cardamom while the structure is mouthpuckering with astringency but softened by the richness of body and fruit. Best after 2019.
Fruity, ripe and yummy, this wine offers aromas that are spicy and slightly oaky from 14 months in mostly American barrels. The flavors are packed with ripe cherry and blackberry. Despite very full body in terms of alcohol, the texture is smooth, tannins are light and the finish lingers.
Caramel and baked-apple aromas are nutty and not pushy. This is crisp, with hard-hitting acidity. Flavors of orange peel, toffee and oxidized white fruits finish nutty, much like walnut oil. This is a fine Sherry but it's a bit tangy and high in acid.
Perfect for a glass or two before dinner, this light Prosecco Brut delivers crisp tones of citrus, white flower and lime juice. This cheerful Italian sparkling wine does a great job of keeping the palate refreshed and tonic.
Savory saffron and pollen notes juxtapose pure, luscious apricot and tangerine in this laser-edged spätlese. Its juicy, sweet-tart flavors are piercing but the texture is dancingly delicate. While delightfully youthful now, it's structured enough to deepen its mineral complexities through at least 2025.
Snappy and full of raspberry and cedar aromas. It’s mouthfilling and juicy, with a stylish lean edge to it. Puckery on the palate, with a right-on mix of acidity, fruit and oak. It delivers the goods, not missing a twist or turn along the way, and in the final analysis, it’s fairly large, packing a solid punch of berry fruit.
This is a blend of two-thirds Merlot topped off with Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Malbec and Petit Verdot. Mocha, raspberry and high-toned herb and spice aromas lead to elegant yet rich and well-balanced fruit flavors. It's a delight.
The positive influence of consultant Michel Rolland lives on at this estate. This bold, ripe wine brings out layers of black-plum fruits that are attractive and supported by some firm tannins. It will develop quickly; drink from 2019.
A brightly aromatic wine with notes of candied fruit, raspberries, freshly ground herbs and cranberry. The palate has plump, ripe fruit flavors that glide on the finish.
This is the winery's sweet sparkling wine. It has the elegant structure, fine acidity and forward raspberry, strawberry, lime, vanilla and smoke flavors of the dry bruts, with a sugary finish, for those who like their bubblies on the sweet side.
Dry and tart in acidity, this Rhône-style white blend is pretty good for everyday purposes, but has insufficient richness. There's a vegetal streak that drags down the apricot and peach fruit flavors.
Deer Creek is on a roll with their Pinot Gris, and winemaker Herb Quady may have a lot to do with it. This aromatic, distinctive and flat-out delicious bottle is a real treasure. Great mouthfeel comes with a touch of mint, set against notes of cinnamon and brown sugar. It's ripe, rich and loaded with fruit flavors of juicy fruit gum and pears.
A plush texture and mild fruit flavors make this easy to drink and enjoy. It's rather light bodied, showing spicy, oaky aromas plus soft plum and berry flavors. Just enough acidity and tannin give a satisfying bite.
Smells decidedly burnt and stalky, with rubbery berry and black plum aromas. Shows grip on the palate, along with the same flavors hinted at on the nose: leather, burnt coffee, herbs and roasted berries. Feels pretty good, but the stalky, burnt core dominates.
This medium-straw-colored wine has aromas of citrus blossoms and lemon zest with just a whiff of sea mist. It opens up with flavors of peach, apricot and a touch of salt on the tip of your tongue. It's got great minerality and a crisp finish.
A first rate Zinfandel. It shows the classic structure, dryness and tannins of a fine Napa Valley Cabernet, yet the pepper, baking spice and wild berry fruit and currant flavors are uniquely Zin. And look at that alcohol, under 14%. Drink this robust, complex wine with steaks, beef stew, tamales.
Although the bouquet is a touch herbal and raspy, this Cab offers good balance and body in the mouth along with plum, cherry, cassis and spice in moderate measures. A bright, fresh-feeling finish ensures a positive lasting impression.
This ripe fruity wine has soft tannins and generous berry fruit flavors. It is perfumed with mint and spice aromas that fill the glass. It's an attractive wine, juicy at the end and ready to drink.
Lean and earthy, marked by tobacco and white pepper, tomato and dill aromas and flavors. In the mouth, it's very dry, with easy tannins. There's some tart cherry fruit that shows up in the mid-palate, and the finish turns slightly bitter.
A bit on the sweet side, with lemonade, pineapple juice and vanilla flavors, but it's clean and crisply acidic. For those who like their Sauvignon Blancs in this fruit-forward style.
This Chardonnay marches to its own beat. It's not one of those oaky, ultra-ripe wines, but instead shows a dry, herb-infused minerality you might call Chablisian. Shows modest fruit flavors of pineapples, while the oak is restrained. Drink this elegant Chard now.
A crisp, lively texture makes this medium-bodied wine refreshing while light flavors of green apple and kiwi make it tasty. Vibrant acidity gives it freshness and will help it be versatile with food.
Sweet aromas of apple and peach lead to a medium-bodied palate with abundant lemon flavors. The residual sugar (4 g/L) plays nicely off the vibrant acids but the depth of flavors can't quite match the acid's intensity.
This medium- to full-bodied wine features hints of struck flint on the nose, then backs those up with round, ample flavors of fig and melon. It's a relatively soft, easy-drinking style with just enough complexity to satisfy.
Neutral on the nose to the point of dull and mute. The palate is more wet than complex, and the flavors of apple, candy and toffee are basic at best. For a half-bottle priced at $25, this is underwhelming and far too simple in all facets.
Medium-apricot in the glass, this wine offers aromas of apricot, flint and clove. At first sip, a smoky flavor fills the palate, backed by summer fruit such as peach and nectarine with notes of smoked meats and orange blossom. Smooth tannins make their way around the mouth, culminating in a finish that is equal parts peach and flint.
You'll find lots of ripe, jammy blackberry, cherry, herb tea and tangerine fruit flavor in this soft wine, which is accented with smoky oak. It also has a sharp edge of tannins that makes it astringent. Could soften sometime in 2008, but it's not an ager.
Roasted berry aromas are stalky at first but come around. This feels round but only marginally structured. Creamy ripe generic flavors of berry and cherry finish solid with some heat.
Pinched, lightly medicinal aromas of raspberry and plum feed into a bright, jumpy palate. Quick blasts of plum and berry flavors come with spice notes, while the finish is light, fresh and a touch peppery. This delivers true Mencia character for not much money.
Roughly half of this is Barbera, the rest Cabernet Sauvignon and Sangiovese. The Cab firms up the tannins, but the fruit lacks substance and depth, and the chocolaty oak does not add much interest.
A very dry wine, it shows the traditional Saint- Estèphe hard tannins. That suggests it will develop slowly, gradually bringing out the potential of the red berry fruits and acidity as it develops into a fine, complex wine. Drink from 2017.
Aromas suggest toasted oak, espresso, roasted coffee bean and mocha. The warm, concentrated palate offers prune, cherry steeped in spirits, allspice and oak extract alongside assertive tannins, with the heat of alcohol on the midpalate. The fruit richness is drying up fast so drink soon.
Firm and fresh, this puts pear and apple fruit front and center. There are some skin flavors also, lending a bit of phenolic bite to the finish.
This impressive blend of 80% Grenache and 20% Syrah admirably showcases the attributes of Vacqueyras, featuring bold red-fruit scents accented by clove spice. It's creamy and full-bodied, with raspberry and strawberry fruit buttressed by firm tannins on the finish. Drink now–2012.
Raye's Hill has done a very nice job with this single-vineyard wine. It shows the coolness of the vintage and terroir in the crisp acidity and silky texture. The vintage's long hangtime also shows in the bright, pure fruit flavors. Cherries, raspberries, pomegranates, rhubarb and cola all come together in a long, spicy finish.
Lively fresh-cut grass and gooseberry notes pervade on the nose and carry to the light-bodied, citrus-driven palate. A clean, flinty note offers some nuance on the brisk finish.
Baked apple is about all you draw from the flat nose, and the chunky palate is ultrasweet and tastes of corn and candy more than fruit. Cloying on the finish.
Obviously rich and dense, this wine is also smooth and elegant thanks to its soft tannic character, never too dry and even now drinkable. Berry fruits and a generous structure allow the wine to be approachable. Drink from 2016.
Warm tones of marzipan, roasted almond, yellow peach, pineapple and a touch of coconut are reminiscent of a piña colada on the nose of this bottling from a vineyard just behind the coastal town of Cambria. Gala apples and poached pears show on the sip along with lemon curd, chalk and meringue flavors, all tightly woven into a fresh expression of the grape.
This Brunello opens with a sweet nose of vanilla and cherry. The bouquet is straightforward, giving the wine a frank, no-nonsense personality. Flavors of spice, leather and tobacco appear later, rendering more depth. It feels youthful, soft and chewy on the close.
Hits heavy with the olive and burnt rubber aromas, then turns ultrazesty and citric in the mouth. Tastes tangy and herbal, with tomato and sour plum flavors. A raw, tart wine.
Bulky fruit, leather and some overt wood manifesting itself as dry cheese comprise the bouquet. Plum, red currant and cherry tomato make for a tight, snappy palate. Lots of zip, although tannic and tight.
Dilute and gritty, with cleanliness issues. The palate is thin, scratchy and tastes like brambly berry fruit mixed with clay. And it finishes with tomato notes and a dull scour.
This is a mineral-driven Amarone Riserva with floral notes of dried lavender and herbs backed by mature fruit, cola and black tobacco. The wine achieves nice balance without being too ripe or sweet. In the mouth, it offers chewy tannins a dryer finish than most.
A dry style, this classic nonvintage from Philipponnat is showing well, with greater depth than in the past. The wine has maturity, with toast, almonds and cookies, but retaining the acidity to give a wine that is mouthfilling and also refreshing.
Crafted entirely from estate-grown fruit, this tart, citrus-flavored rosé is anchored in rhubarb and strawberry flavors. It offers medium concentration and length, with a subtle suggestion of cola woven into the finish.
Tart and citrusy, with distinct lemon and pineapple components that finish crisp and slightly musky. Fine as an apéritif or with light seafood. Drink now.
This beautifully bold and opulent Barolo opens with dark extraction and super-soft aromas of melted milk chocolate, red cherry, vanilla cream, cinnamon and dark spice. The mouthfeel is rich and soft with sweet cherry flavors on the close.
A full-bodied, ripe wine with some honey and baked-apple flavors. This is straightforward and well-balanced, with tastes of croissants, green plums, and finishing with fresh acidity.
A new wine for this winery, this is all varietal and aged in neutral French oak. Notes of pineapple and papaya are followed by full-bodied, rounded, sweet tropical flavors that linger.
The aromas of barrel spice, pear and melon are light and deft. The flavors display elegance, restraint and nuance.
Made in a light-bodied style, with a see-through color containing glints of orange and ruby. Feels light and silky in the mouth, but don't underestimate the complexity. This wine packs a punch in raspberry, cherry, Dr. Pepper cola, orange zest, tobacco, spice and sandalwood flavors. Drink now–2015.
Peppery and hot, with blackberry and currant flavors wrapped into firm tannins. Not showing much openness now, but feels like it has the potential to develop with a few years in the bottle.
This Trebbiano is fermented in concrete tanks with no selected yeasts. The nose isn't very expressive but the palate shows restrained notes of golden apple, lemon drop and flint. This is already evolved and starting to fade so enjoy soon.
The most flattering of Prager's 2004 smaragds to taste now, thanks to greater weight in the midpalate and riper fruit flavors that flirt with peach and melon while being firmly anchored by citrus and mineral. Hints of Earl Grey tea and stone dust garnish the nose. Drink now or hold.
An Alsatian-style Riesling, this dry, firm wine has aromas of peach and citrus. Minerality backs the mouthfeel, while flavors of orange, melon, spice and peach pit play on the tongue. Strong acids and a long, minerally finish suggest that this wine will age gracefully over the next five years or more.
Bright and vibrant, this blend of 56% Cabernet Sauvignon and 44% Merlot is really direct and fruity, overflowing with black cherries and vanilla. It's medium bodied, turning slightly dusty on the finish. A lovely wine in many ways, but where's the complexity?
Simple berry aromas are generic. This is dark on the palate, with black-fruit flavors that are standard and don't show much character. A lightly toasted finish is solid and not too choppy.
This Dundee Hills vineyard makes a cellar-worthy style of Pinot Noir. It takes some breathing time to get past a rather thin start. But it blossoms into a wine that is both deep and tightly wound, tannic and concentrated, with raspberry and cherry fruit accented with coconut. The finish is long and textural.
Quickly becoming one of Washington's best go-to Merlots, the latest from Waterbrook is pretty and smooth, richly endowed with ripe cherry and cassis fruit, snappy acidity and a bright, clean finish. The lovely fruit is accented by hints of herb and dried leaves.
This is a kind of junior Cab to the winery's regular Diamond Mountain bottling, whose 2006 was spectacular. The Little Sister is similarly rich and oaky, with broad flavors of blackberries and currants. It's very tannic, and should improve over the next 2-4 years.
A pleasant Bordeaux-style blend, this has a light dusting of milk chocolate, along with ripe fruit flavors of berry.
This Zinfandel-based wine, which blends 13% Tempranillo and 6% Petite Sirah, shows strawberry, cherry, baking spice and cola aromas. There is decent tannic tension on the palate, and the flavors—sarsaparilla, cola, stewed plum and clove spice—are easily enjoyable.
This is classic Cabernet, from the reticent aromas of pencil shavings to the restrained flavors of cassis and cigar box. It's on the full-bodied side of the spectrum, with enough dusty tannins to suggest longevity through at least 2020, despite an already velvety finish.
Smoky and floral on the nose, and then thick and ripe in the mouth, with syrup to go with medicinal berry flavors. It's chewy and dense, with chocolate, cream and vanilla to the finish. A bit plodding, but its full weight, feel and depth of fruit push it along.
Released quite young, this is a wine to decant. It's big and dark and tannic, tight as a tick, with grainy, textural tannins wrapped heavily around tart blue and purple berries. Though the flavors are pure Syrah, the structure and density are Cabernet-like, and though it's a guess, the odds are this is a wine to cellar for at least a decade.
Lush blackberry, vanilla and baking spices entice the olfactory. These aromas carry through to the palate, where a clove flavor becomes more abundant. It offers grippy tannins and decent acidity, with a long, dry and spicy finish.
This is a beautiful wine with aromas of pear, peach and yellow rose. The palate is plush and intense, with a sassy, spicy close.
This is a big, bold, extracted selection that has a burnt edge to it from the wood. It's tannic and structured, and the note of black plum skin is lost at this stage in its life. It does have the weight to integrate well, so give it 3–4 years.
Bright and fruity, this has an herbal character that's balanced by flavors of pineapple, red apple and a fine tang of refreshing citrus. Screwcap.
This partner of the red Grilos is intense and fruity. It shows fresh acidity while also having ripe apricot, tangerine fruit and a lightly mineral texture. It is still young, so will be better drunk at the end of 2014.
Juicy and acidic, the Appellation Series Pinot Noir offers more than just a hint of tomato leaf and pungent herb. Orange peel, citrus and tangy berry fruit flavors highlight a wine of medium concentration and length.
This is an attractive wine that is crisp while also having a soft background texture. It is fruity, perfumed and balanced. Drink now.
Big, powerful brush strokes of ripe fruits, spice and rich creaminess paint this wine with vividness. The fruit envelops the mouth, the pears, green plums and ripe apples working with a citrus edge. Impressive, and with a great finishing freshness.
Lots of classy Russian River character is found in this Pinot. It's dry, full bodied and filled with rich black-cherry, cola and spice flavors. The tannins are fine, and the acidity is brisk, making the wine feel balanced. Might even gain traction over the next 2-3 years.
Alluring aromas of citrus, white flower and a whiff of tropical fruit come together on this. The racy palate offers lemon zest, mango, sage, saline and an almond note alongside vibrant acidity.
A pleasant sipper for drinking now, with citrus fruit, Asian-pear and peach flavors, accented by acidity. This 100% Sauvignon was unoaked.
Fairly tannic and very dry, with ripe, jammy flavors of cherries and raspberries that taste like they were baked into a pie sprinkled with cocoa and cinnamon, and then drizzled with anisette liqueur. Should develop additional bottle complexity over the next six years.
A little sharp and rude in the mouth, with some green, minty flavors. But it's silky, and offers enough cherries and cola for an inexpensive Pinot Noir.
A example of a dry, crisp PG, this great white from Monterey pioneer Morgan bursts with juicy flavors of papayas, honeysuckle flowers, limes and pink grapefruits. High acidity makes the wine bright and zesty in the mouth.
An intense bouquet of blackberry, smoked meat, flint and violet paves the way for flavors of black currant, smoked meat, coffee bean and a hint of cranberry. Rich savory notes mingle with strong fruit flavors, all marked by a pleasingly persistent strain of tartness. Smooth, soft tannins prime the palate for the elegant finish.
This opens with aromas of sour cherry and red raspberry. In the mouth, there are pleasant flavors of tart cherry and red raspberry leading up to an astringent yet balanced finish.
Stéphane Brocard is based in Marsannay the northernmost vineyard in Burgundy's Côte d'Or. This wine comes from two small parcels with 35-year-old vines. It is already fruity and attractive, although the tannins do promise aging. Crisp with the pure acidity of the vintage, it will develop well and should be drunk from late 2017.
This is a firm yet ripe wine that boasts ripe black-plum flavors layered with dense and dusty tannins. The wine is concentrated, with wood aging filling out the structure. It is big and bold, finishing with great ripe fruit.
Made predominantly with Negroamaro, this offers aromas of blackberry, smoke, tobacco leaf, game and clove. The lean, mature palate displays dried black fruit, licorice and allspice but the fruit richness has dried up, leaving an astringent finish.
There aren't too many sparkling Pinot Grigios, but this is the one to try if you're curious. It offers substance and creaminess, with a subtle bouquet of citrus and stone fruit.
Structure, minerals and lees mark this elegant Chardonnay. You'll find ripe pear and tropical fruits that taste like they were baked into a pie, but ripe fruit is easy to achieve these days. It's the architectural integrity that makes this wine so fine.
Strong scents of oak and butter come rushing out of the glass, with a medicinal edge. Though it has had some bottle age, this wine has not yet knit together. The ripe, soft, banana-flavored fruit and the forceful oak components are distinct and separate. Try it with pasta or poultry in a rich cream sauce that can pull everything together.
Crisp, leafy, peppery aromas accent core red-plum notes. In the mouth, raw acidity pushes the palate, which delivers dry, spicy cranberry and tomato flavors. Peppery spice and mild green-herb flavors carry the finish.
As effusive in flavor as a bowl full of orchard fruits, this wine exudes fresh apple, melon and spearmint aromas backed by ripe yet crisp flavors that carry a vein of apple blossoms. It's not sweet, but it has a pleasant softness around the edges of the mouthfeel.
Oaky, slightly odd aromas of clove and baking spices show more black fruit the longer this breathes. Tannic, drawing and hard across the palate, this tastes of savory, saucy plum and blackberry. On the finish, rubbery tannins and flavors of baking spices and tomato sauce take control.
This blend of Syrah, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon is a unique wine that shows quality fruit aromas of wild berry and sweet cherries backed by drying mineral, cola and exotic spice. The mouthfeel is excellent with a plush, sweet close.
This is a jammy, fruity wine. Like an Aussie Shiraz, it offers a mouthburst of tart cherries, blackberries, currants and spices. Finishes totally dry, with a crisp edge of acidity. Drink now.
Made from various vineyards scattered around this huge appellation, MacRostie's '09 Chardonnay offers brilliantly etched fruit brightened by crisp, coastal acidity. Strikes a nice balance between ripe pears and sweet, vanilla-scented oak.
Tabalí is swimming upstream by making good, fairly rich Cabernet in cool, coastal Limarí, but who's complaining? This wine starts with jammy raspberry, cherry and cassis aromatics, which are followed by a solid blast of cherry and cassis flavors. There's grab and sweet residue to the finish, but overall this is a tasty, ripe wine that's showing well.
1997 is the current vintage on this reserve wine, but it already feels tired. Brown-red in color; monotone and lean on the palate. Imported by Oenophilia Imports.
Often Bründlmayer will make a sweet wine from the Muscat grape. This wine is dry, with an intense, perfumed character. This is full and rich, with lychee and quince flavors.
Aromas of honeysuckle and orchard fruit lead the nose. The fruity palate doles out white peach, green apple and a hint of white almond alongside lively acidity. A mineral note signals the close.
Gritty, oily, nutty aromas lead to a tight citric palate. Salty narrow flavors of passion fruit and grapefruit finish steady and briny. Overall, this is basic in every way.
The oak and sweet jam flavors still haven't quite come together in this wine despite its age, and probably never will. With crisp acids and soft tannins, it's a nice, rich red wine to drink now.
Earthy, savory, seaside flavors dominate the mild fruit component of this rich-feeling but light-tasting wine.
The bouquet provides plenty of kick as well as a hint of acacia. The palate is dry and full of green apple and nuts. Remains dry and seltzer-like on the finish, where light citrus fills any voids. Not overly flavorful or complex, but a solid white Rioja for near-term drinking.
An interesting, crisp and bone-dry Chardonnay that succeeds in offering plenty of complexity despite the absence of any oak influence. The flavors carry the load, with intense notes of apricots, Meyer lemons and guavas, and a wonderful minerality—like a lick of cold steel.
To call this wine huge is an understatement. Blended from Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Malbec, Petit Verdot, Syrah and Carmenère, its most notable feature is tannins. It's hard, dry and astringent, making it difficult to appreciate now. But there's a gigantic core of blackberries and black currants. With richness like this, it should age and improve through 2020 at least.
A blend of Pinot Grigio and Chardonnay with splashes of Gewürztraminer and Viognier, this has notes of apple, pear and melon. It drinks close to dry with fresh, clean fruit flavors and well-balanced acidity.
With relatively high altitude vineyards, Chiroubles can produce wines like this, with an austere backbone and high acidity. Together they make for a tight wine with red berries and a dry texture. Age for six months.
Soft vanilla and marzipan aromas are enhanced by blueberry and sweet tobacco. This beautiful Brunello shows a fine, polished texture with background cinnamon and exotic spice.
A solid Chardonnay, showing good varietal character at a fair price. It's a little lightweight, but the cream, peach and citrus flavors are just fine.
From one of those rare properties in Pauillac that are not classified growths, this wine is ripe, dark, still smoky and very structured. It has some of the weight of the vintage although in a restrained way, giving juicy black currant fruits behind the tannic structure. Drink from 2017.
This $13 wine is quite fine, deep in color with a rich, flinty nose. It's big and full with drops of honey throughout and a layer of acidity on the finish. Modest in alcohol too.
Modern, soft and velvety in texture, Veneroso is a chocolaty Sangiovese-Cab blend with hints of Amaretto, soy sauce and pipe tobacco. The mouthfeel is exceptional with bright fruit tones, chewy consistency and long-lasting menthol freshness.
Though Leah Jørgensen models all of her wines on Loire Valley icons, this wine is more flower and fruit-powered than anchored in rock and herb. Ripe and complex, it's a cherries jubilee wine with amazing depth and Amaro-like details of bitters, cloves and macerated fruit.
Properly almost black in color (as befits a wine from the red-juiced Alicante Bouschet), this wine reveals an impressive depth of flavor. It is dark and concentrated, powered by still-young tannins. There is an unfortunate edge of extraction that takes away from the ripe black-plum fruit and the acidity. It will be ready from 2019.
Underbrush, violet, wild berry, menthol and sweet pipe tobacco aromas lead the way on this vibrant wine. The sleek palate doles out juicy wild cherries, baking spices and crushed herbs, while fresh acidity and a network of polished tannins provide backup. Drink 2016–2025.
A somewhat standard Chardonnay, ripe in green apples, tropical and citrus fruits and honey, with the requisite jacket of toasty oak. Shows a refreshing acidity.
Made from Viognier, this wine has apricot and spice aromas. The palate delivers yellow peach, citrus and honey notes and has a dry, nutty finish. Pair this with lobster and mildly seasoned fish dishes.
There's an interesting and complex tannin structure to this bone-dry, Merlot-based Bordeaux blend, grown in the little known but high-quality Sonoma Mountain appellation of Sonoma County. With an earthiness to the wild blackberry and blueberry flavors, it's a bit edgy and coarse, but that's a function of youth. Give it a good eight years and see how it's doing.
Borderline translucent in color, and equally light in the nose. The aromas are of cranberry and chlorine. The palate is all strawberry and some bitter oak, and while it picks up steam and fills out with time, the initial impression is hard to overcome.
Like many 2005s from the northern Rhone, Colombo's Les Ruchets needs time. The tannins dominate the mouth right now, but the black olive and peppered-meat nuances win out in the end, adding depth to tarry, leathery notes and plummy fruit. Try after 2015.
Profiting from the exceptional 2009 vintage, this is rich and full bodied, yet it retains elegance. Black fruits dominate the firm tannins, lending a juicy character to the ripe texture. The finish is suave and fruity.
Deep blackberry syrup, chipped slate and sharp black-plum skins show on the nose of this bottling. The tannins are very chalky and a bit overwhelming on the palate at first, but then open to reveal zesty but dense blackberry fruit and a touch of peppercorn. A solid choice now, it will be even better in a couple years.
Klipsun, Ciel and Red Mountain vineyard grapes comprise this wine, which displays the tannic toughness of the appellation. The barrel flavors, particularly chocolate and coconut, are evident, but the fruit is hard and tight, a bit overwhelmed by the tannins. Just 90 cases produced.
A surprisingly accessible, fruity vintage Port for its mere three years of age, this has a touch of spirit underlying its ripe blackberry fruit and sweetness. Not from a generally declared vintage, it is already delicious and will be best from 2018.
The nose has tantalizing touches of peach and passion fruit that flash up among the lemon notes. On the palate, this peachy, fruity note is joined by lemon freshness and some zesty textural substance. A brisk, poised Pinot Gris, it's slender but brimming with flavor and crisp freshness.
Perfumed Indian tea and jasmine open the nose of this garnet-colored Nebbiolo-based Roero. The wine is tonic, tart, with tight tannins and lingering spice notes on the close.
Smooth and even, this is  grapy and pretty soft. Chocolate and caramel notes accent the ripe berry fruit. It's a refined take on the low-acid easy drinker--think of it as an upscale quaff. Finishes gently with good length.
This small production blend of 90% Viognier and 10% Sauvignon Blanc leads with fragrant, inviting floral qualities and well-defined layers of peach and apricot fruit. Light and bright, it's balanced, focused and utterly delicious.
While pressed apple and pear notes are ripe and concentrated, whiffs of allium and earth lend a savory, shadowy tone to this wine. Regardless, it's refreshing and dry in composure with moderately long length.
Fresh berry-salad aromas suggest tart, just-ripe summer fruits in this medium-bodied Shiraz filled with crunchy fruit. It's forward and smashable in the best sense, even if it's not profound.
Too oaky, this is dominated by buttered toast and crème bruûlée flavors. Underneath all that are some nice notes of pineapple, orange and apricot. Drink up.
With raisiny, damp aromas and a flat body, we can only label this Marqués de Murrieta high-ender a miss. While not a disaster, you'd expect more from something labeled Gran Reserva Especial, but instead it fails to capture the essence of Rioja and shows heavy cola, blackberry and truffle flavors as well as deep, dull tannins. Overripe to begin with?
The alcohol is strong and hot and the taste is Porty and raisiny, but the finish is dry and spicy on this robust, sturdy Zin. Drink it with barbecued ribs.
This wine, produced by the team of Château du Glana, is big, bold, solid and very firmly structured. With weight, richness, black plum skins and dark tannins, it's a fine wine for aging, so give it at least 6–7 years.
Volatility interferes with the otherwise pleasing mixture of fruit and barrel, with notes of raspberry jam, fresh and dried fruit and vanilla. Flavors are quite sweet and ripe, showing a hedonistic styling. Drink now.
Strawberry fruit sails above a light layer of milk chocolate, leading into a well-textured wine layered with leafy highlights. The tannins have a breakfast-tea component, keeping them dry, rather light and lifted. The overall texture and balance are spot-on. Give this extra breathing time and it gives you extra depth and flavor.
Aromas of spice cake, licorice, moist earth, pie cherries and kirsch, with flavors that follow suit. A luxurious wine, bursting with flavor, tannic and just a bit pruney. This is a love it or hate it style; you pick.
Light and lacking substance, with simple lime and apple flavors that finish short.
There is almost something of the sea breeze in this wine. An alluring iodine hint on the nose mixes with notions of green apple and the merest touch of rhubarb. The palate comes in with a smooth, fine mousse of tiny, creamy bubbles that counterpoint the inherent English briskness. Slender and elegant, the palate gears everything to a fresh finish of green apple and lemon purity that lingers. It's harmonious, refreshing and balanced.
From the producer's line of wines meant to showcase higher-elevation sites, this one is almost all varietal, with small percentages of Merlot, Malbec, Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot. Aged in both French and American oak, it impresses from the get-go, with intense notes of blackberry, black licorice and dark chocolate. It's dense yet balanced on the finish.
Minimalist wine from the modern Pichler winery, this has freshness and crispness, providing structure over lithe green fruit flavors. The finish is lively and vibrant.
Beautiful crushed red cherry and lifted, polished mahogany notions mark the nose of this wine. The palate has wonderfully balanced freshness; its red cherry flavors are ripe but crunchy with a fine, firm structure for support. This has elegance, poise and delicious freshness.
The best yet in a series of superb vintages for this unique Washington Pinot Gris, sourced from a cool site in the Columbia Gorge. Luscious fruit cascades across the palate, filling the mouth with juicy, textural flavors of grapefruit, Meyer lemon, orange, orange peel and pear. Deeply concentrated and flat out delicious, this performs way above its price point.
An everyday Cabernet, this has blackberry, plum and oak flavors. It's dry and full-bodied, and it will satisfy red wine drinkers at parties.
Francesco Bolla's Poggio Verrano is an interesting estate worth keeping an eye on. The wines show consistent quality and the red blend Chance is the latest in a varied portfolio of products that show the best of southern Tuscany. The wine opens with ripe fruit aromas, cured meat and leather.
This is a smooth, impressively rich wine powered by silky tannins and ripe black fruits. The palate is intensely concentrated with a big, bold structure and a solid feel. It does need some aging, so drink from 2016.
The Crespiello grape isn't one you see often, but it yields a deep, dark style of wine with balsamic notes, fresh black-fruit flavors and weight. This one is almost on the side of cooked, but not quite, thus it blazes a path with blackberry, smoked meat, jerky spice and more. A touch flat but not flabby.
A complex, dark-cherry-flavored Petite Sirah, this is marked by bright fruit and tame tannins, giving the wine a mouthwatering vibrancy. Intense but full of life, bottle aging has helped this wine, as it often does with a variety like Petite Sirah, which can be overwhelming when young. In this case, the years have opened it up, lending an elegance that makes the wine ideal for meaty foods.
Rich and flashy in the way of Oakville Cabernet, this shows ripe tannin structure and perfect acidity. The blackberry, black currant and licorice flavors finish thoroughly dry, long and classy. Drink now or age for a couple years.
A well-etched Godello with peach and citrus aromas that are straightforward but clean as glass. The palate is smooth and glides along with citrus, green banana, tropical fruit and minerally flavors. On target and chiseled; potentially a very good wine with food.
The 8% splash of Roussanne in this blend, contributes to the lovely complexity of the opening aromas. Sweet citrus, honey and tea flavors combine, while keeping the palate light and focused. Complex hints of lemon meringue, vanilla cream and toasted coconut keep it lively and interesting through to the finish.
Great vineyard sources (Gamache, Klipsun) start things right, and this pureblooded, 100% Cab, though pushed to the point of showing some volatile high tones, compensates with saturated flavors of ripe berries, complemented with buttery oak. The silky finish can't help but win your heart.
At the moment, this Cabernet Franc's nose seems quite shy, offering only subtle notes of spice and dried herb. Medium in body, with a sense of grace, it has gentle flavors that are reminiscent of spiced cocoa and cherry.
Notes of freshly turned soil and rich forest fruits mix on the nose. That interplay of earthy energy, fruity lift and richness constantly repeats itself on the lively, dry and rustically grippy body. This is full of juiciness and life and finishes with a little exuberant heat. This is unusual and rustic, but also very charming.
Spicy on the nose, with dry, woody aromas and berry notes. The wine has a full, soft body and deep, basic flavors of black plum, baked berry and spice. Things darken on the finish, leaving chocolate and grapey thickness.
Bright and fruity, this wine is citrusy while also suggesting ripe white-fruit flavors. It has a fine tang of lime zest that gives an underlying cool, green character to this attractive wine.
This is dark, rubbery and wild on the nose, with a heavy dose of chocolaty oak. It feels crisp due to its high acidity, but also feels raring to go. The flavors of blackberry and plum are snappy and dry, while the finish is driven by the acidity. It will age well; drink now–2016.
Complex from start to finish, beginning with aromas of smoke, kumquats and grilled pears and ending cleanly, with tart pineapple notes. The texture is a compelling mix of gravel and custard, yet the wine never seems heavy.
A rich nose of pineapple, honey and orange peel starts well, and on the palate, a blast of orange, lemon and acid appeals. the big flavors are attractive with a good acid/fruit balance, but the wine has a touch of tart sweetness. Overall though, pretty and flavorful.
The short lees aging has allowed this wine to ripen and fill out. Along with the citrus acidity, it has plenty of fresh apple fruit and a zesty texture. Drink now.
The BSH blend is 70% Cab, 13% Cab Franc and 17% Merlot. Cherry fruit holds down the core here, with good concentration that is highlighted with one-third new French oak. High-toned notes in the nose, and a bit of wet dog in the finish.
This smooth, richly textured wine offers concentrated sensations of exotic fruit, apricot, smoky mineral, golden apple, hazelnut and a hint of honey. The palate is brightened by crisp acidity that gives a crisp finish. This will develop more complexity over the next few years. Drink now–2017.
Although this youthful wine has obviously been in plenty of wood, it has the weight to reveal a promising future. So while the spice and toastiness are present now, they will soon integrate with the fine tannins and blackberry fruits. Drink this from 2019.
From this veteran winemaker, a wine that, at nearly five years, is beginning to shed its hard tannins. That's not to say its plush now. It's still firm and aloof, but there are some nice currant flavors. Hold for another few years.
Fresh, ripe and fruity, this has bright acidity and a tangy, lemon and orange zest texture. Attractive strawberry flavors come along with a touch of vanilla. Drink now.
With experience making Sangiovese in Italy, it's no wonder that winemaker Alessio Carli shines with the grape from this vineyard planted in rocky limestone 25 miles east of Monterey Bay. Aromas of leather, sour plums and cranberry lead into soft flavors of raspberry fruit, tar and espresso. Leathery grip gives it a slightly rustic feel as well.
Smooth on the nose, with a pinch of rubber, earth, smoked beef and plum/prune. The palate offers structure, solid acidity, zestiness and bright flavors of cherry and raspberry. Finishes crisp and tight, with lingering vanilla. A nice wine for tapas and other meat-based dishes.
Ripe peach and green plum flavors, laced with steely acidity. This is a wine that has intense fruitiness, showing a round texture to balance the fruit. Drink now, and will be best with food.
For Navarran Merlot-Cab, Inurrieta Norte is always a winner. This vintage has good darkness along with smooth aromas of black fruit, earth, rubber and spice. It's a bit acidic and shrill as a tasting wine but will do fine at the table. The mouth is spunky and shows slightly herbal raspberry and plum flavors. Finishes light and easy.
This is a fruit bomb supreme. Bright, effusive strawberry, raspberry and boysenberry aromas and flavors seem to spread out in all directions, first in the aroma, then repeating in the flavors and finish. With a sip or two some deeper black cherry notes emerge, and full body and gripping tannins become more apparent.
Delicate aromas suggesting chopped herb, star anise, new leather and a whiff of blue flower slowly emerge in the glass. The taut, ethereal palate shows sour cherry, raw strawberry, licorice and white pepper notes hemmed in by firm acidity and youthful tannins. Drink 2023–2030.
This wine is 40% each of Grenache and Mourvèdre with the balance Counoise. It's lighter in color, with aromas of plum, boysenberry, herbs, flowers and peppery spices. It's palate-coating with silky, sweet fruit flavors that linger.
Disjointed, sharp, astringent and thin, this shows little of the varietal character usually associated with grapes from the outstanding Destiny Ridge vineyard. There's a whiff of funk in the nose, but only tart, generic and unripe fruit in the mouth.
This dry, lush wine has deep flavors and dramatic layers of blackberry and cherry tart flavors that have a liqueur-like density and sweetness, accented by a toasty, buttery oak note. The tannins are pure, thick and refined. This needs time for all of its parts to come together, so hold it until 2015, but it could last for a decade or more.
La Court is a plush, chewy and rich Barbera from one of the most successful wineries in Piedmont. You'll recognize sweet oak and vanilla aromas wrapped tight by black fruit, cherry and blueberry. In the mouth, the wine is appropriately dense and fresh.
There's not much Riesling left in the Napa Valley so this is a rare find, a dry, crisp white bursting in aromas of citrus and flowers, balanced and completely refreshing. A touch of honey and lychee linger on the finish. Serve cold with spicy carnitas.
Black pepper and a juicy red berry nose recommend this red from Greece, but on the palate, there's a one-dimensional simplicity and slight bitterness that's hard to embrace. That said, paired with food, this wine might soften up and prove to be a decent quaffer.
This has flavors that are reminiscent of the Moscatels from Setúbal. It's a rich wine that shows a hint of the spirit element, but the ripe flavors of toffee and raisin ice cream are more prominent. Drink now.
A hefty dose of Muscat makes this Tokaji blend particularly flamboyant on the nose, with loads of sweet, waxy honeycomb and yellow flower aromas. It's a shade off-dry, but steely acidity and a tart tangerine flavor cut through the sweetness, leaving only a touch of honey on the finish.
Swathes of floral and berry tones accent this blossomy blend of Pinot Noir and Chardonnay. It's aggressively foamy and frothy, but racy, vivacious acidity keeps the palate fresh.
Made mostly from Mendocino County fruit, this is a really good value in a Cabernet. It's dry, tart and grippy in tannins, and savory in blackberry, blueberry, espresso and cedar flavors.
This is one minerally wine for Rioja. Stony scents blend with latex and Band-Aid, while lemon peel and hard-driving berry aromas define the nose. Monster tannins are absorbed by the wine's broad foundation, while flavors of smoke, oak, plum and wild berry finish savory and long, with a final shot of oak-based clove. Best from 2018–2025.
Here's a clean, everyday Merlot that offers pleasure for its fruity flavors and dry finish. The blackberries, cherries, currants, blueberries, tobacco, herbs and spices are wrapped into a smooth texture.
On the sweet side, this is a rich, almost honeyed wine. It has deliciously ripe fruit, lychees and fragrant lemon. Full and generous, the wine still manages to keep some good freshness. It is young, so drink from 2017.
Slightly dry and leafy on the nose, but with beef jerky, cola and mild raisin aromas. The palate is forward, with controlled heat and tannin along with cola, berry and mushroom flavors. Honest in a traditional way, with a long finish that shows a touch of sweet brown sugar. Drink now.
This wine captures the flavor of the vineyard, one of Walla Walla's iconic sites. It's pure Cabernet, offering cherry and cassis fruit annotated with dried herbs and black olive notes. Good density, and a smoky quality infuses the finish.
Dry, crisp aromas of dusty red berries and spice announce a medium-bodied wine with fresh acidity and good balance. Earthy plum and berry flavors show a tobacco note and some overt oak, while the finish is dry.
Deep red fruit is at the core of this nicely balanced, no-frills Merlot. A fine every-day red, with enough muscle to qualify as almost Cabernet-like.
A fully balanced wine, showing ripe black fruits over a strong sense of acidity, wood and juicy tannins. The wine has weight and richness while also keeping a firm, dry aging potential.
The white wine appellation of Pacherenc du Vic-Bilh covers the same area as the red Madiran. This dry wine, a blend of Petit Courbu and Petit Manseng is fat, full in the mouth with a smooth texture and rich acidity. It is ready to drink.
Plummy and confected, with the baked-fruit character and hints of raisined fruit that can sometimes affect wines from the Plan de Dieu. Thankfully, the tannins are supple, and while there's some alcoholic warmth, it's still easy to drink. Drink now–2014.
Mushroomy damp earth and a streak of black currant open this wine that's also juicy in blackberry and high-toned acidity. Tingling spice rounds out the flavor profile in this not overly extravagant or extracted Cab, which is ready to be enjoyed now.
89-91 Barrel sample. Well balanced, the fruit fresh but ripe. There is an edge of dry tannins which slashes through the fruit, giving a firm, dry aftertaste.
This complements the winery's “Rosso” and “Red” blends; it's the Bordeaux blend in the trio. The color is a bit murky, and the flavors, though pleasant enough, have a certain murkiness also, mixing earth, toast, hazelnut, some indistinct red fruits and a finishing lick of raspberry preserves. It's a good, all-purpose quaffing wine, but doesn't quite conjure up Bordeaux.
Superripe and potent Carmenère from Montes, with coconut, prune, Port and baked cherry aromas. Calling it powerful is an understatement; it's piercing and penetrating, with wild blackberry, coffee and bitter chocolate flavors. Toast and espresso darkness rule the finish. Drink now through 2014.
Aged in equal parts new and neutral French oak along with stainless steel—the latter with no malolactic fermentation—this wine brings out notes of toast, straw and citrus. It has a thick mouth-feel while alternately delivering good concentration and length. It has a thick somewhat ponderous, lemony feel while alternately delivering good concentration and length. It doesn't quite feel entirely like Chardonnay but it's quite delicious.
This wine tastes fresh and brisk, like apricots and lemons, yet a silky-smooth texture adds depth and interest to make it more than just a one-note, fruity style of wine. It comes from an over-achieving winery located one county inland from Napa.
Aromas of sweet plum and raspberry jam lead to light pure fruit flavors. It shows a pleasing sense of elegance, with fruit flavors lingering on the finish.
The historic Pritchard Hill producer swings for the fences with this Cab, intense in black cherry, blackberry and cedar. Hard to penetrate on first try, it demands cellaring to soften its wall of hearty tannins, the merest hint of chocolate-coffee begging to break out. Lushly powerful and complex, it can be enjoyed through 2027.
This blend of 63% Cabernet Sauvignon, 25% Merlot, 10% Cabernet Franc and 2% Petit Verdot is dark garnet in the glass, offering a slightly wild nose of blackberry and green pepper. Flavors of cassis, blackberry, toffee and leather are joined by a potent burst of cranberry. Well-integrated flavors continue into the lasting finish, which offers comforting warmth before culminating in a jolt of acidity.
Light and fruity, full of red cherries, sweet tannins and attractive acidity. The wine is softly attractive with some of the warmth of the year.
A zippy, energized sparkler, with lots of grilled brioche, melon and apple notes that linger nicely on the finish. Has solid length and definition along with a fine mousse. A winner all round. Drink now or hold several years for more complexity.
This Bordeaux-style blend comprises 60% Merlot, 35% Cabernet Sauvignon and a smattering of three other grapes. There's an herbal frame around dark cassis fruit and a powdery mouthfeel from stiff, dry tannins. The accents of char, graphite and smoke are well integrated.
A bit earthy and herbal, and soft, with cherry and cocoa fruit flavors. The acidity and tannin structure could be firmer.
The riary aromas have a floral accent as well as a leathery side. It feels bouncy and composed, with a good mouthfeel and solid flavors of spiced raspberry and red plum. Oaky but vibrant on the finish.
Some residual sugar and fresh flavors of peach and pineapple lift this pleasant bottle out of the realm of the ordinary. It's soft, fruity and has not a hint of grassiness; in other words, it's very Californian.
Burnt and roasted up front, with a leathery nose that doesn't convey freshness. Feels choppy and acidic, with herbal, semitart flavors of burnt berry fruit. Minty and green on the finish.
Pungent earth opens this wine, the small-production label of Napa Valley geologist and worldwide soils expert Dr. Paul Skinner, who has named it appropriately to mark its literal roots. A strip of red berry and vanilla highlight the palate of this overall bright and balanced wine.
McFadden's SB is a fine, easy drinker, light in weight and feel, like a lemon custard in summer. Have it with fish or chicken and be happy.
Plum, toast, violet and savory herb aromas lead the nose on this firmly structured wine. The tightly compacted palate delivers toasted oak, concentrated black cherry, dried sage, tobacco and licorice alongside a backbone of assertive tannins.
A blend of estate-grown Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Petit Verdot and Cabernet Sauvignon, this is a juicy, liquorous wine wrapped up tightly around sweet and tangy blackberry and cherry fruits. The tannins are svelte and the finish long, while the barrel aging brings on substantial flavors of cedar, Bourbon and vanilla.
A very tasty and tasteful Zinfandel, dry and balanced, that offers plenty of classic Dry Creek personality. With briary, wild berry, currant and pepper flavors, its tannins are rich and complicated. A lovely wine to drink with roasts and stews.
Alluring aromas of pressed violet, iris, perfumed berry, tilled soil and a whiff of leather show tremendous class and pedigree. On the structured but elegant palate, notes of tobacco, anise, chopped mint and clove back up the core of crushed black cherry, while assertive, fine-grained tannins provide the backbone. This is still young and tight so hold for complexity. Drink 2021–2031.
A rather flat nose with just a hint of pear leads to a rather dilute, incongruous palate where the chief marker is unbalanced acidity.
A “layered” blend of five different varieties, this starts off a bit floral and lemony, then develops some earthier notes to go along with the modest citrus flavors. Finishes short. Sémillon (37%), Muscat (20.5%), Gewürztraminer (19.5%), Pinot Gris (19%) and Chardonnay (4%).
A touch of luscious peach plays among the ripe lemon notes of the nose. A heady chamomile lift hints at some evolution. The absolutely dry palate is still vividly fresh and has barely begun to unfurl its store of rich aromas. For now the luminous freshness and brightness of pure ripe lemon zest still dominates. Here and there a touch of candle wax, stone and chamomile appears. From the 2011, this has barely begun its journey. A lovely, incisive, intense but elegant wine with a clean refreshing finish. Drink 2017–2030.
This is an aromatically appealing wine with notes of cocoa, coffee, cherry and woodspice. It's full bodied with a lot of richness to the tart cherry flavors that need some time to settle in.
Aromas of raspberry, black cherry and a hint of jalapeño lead the way for flavors of black cherry, Dr Pepper, eucalyptus and butterscotch. Despite good acid balance and a bright finish, eucalyptus notes outweigh fruit flavors.
Aromas of dried cranberry, raspberry, vanilla, dill and spice are followed by velvety fruit and barrel flavors that show a lovely sense of balance. It provides plenty of interest but the barrel notes seem a bit too predominant.
Initially, the acidity cuts through this structured effort. Then the ripe fruits surface, creating a wine that is both rich and firmly textured. It is full in the mouth, rich and age worthy.
The bringing-together of 60% Cabernet Sauvignon, 30% Merlot and 10% Sangiovese is rough, coming off as dry, smoky and a tad odd on the palate, the fruit hidden from sight.
A fine expression of mineral Sauvignon Blanc, very textured with green herb and fruit skins giving a tense shape to a wine that could age. It's finely balanced, the refreshing acidity cutting right through the wine.
For Torrontés, this is a juicy, solid example. Smells of orange blossom and lychee, which is backed up by a thorough palate with lime, lemon and tangerine flavors. Shows balance, verve, modest depth and clarity. Drink now.
Here is a solid, widely distributed, well-priced, all-purpose Chardonnay. It's got plenty of buttery toast, soft and round fruit—lightly peachy—and unusual richness for a wine in this price range. It's a California style with a Washington twist—real acid.
Smoke and char notes mingle with bramble, dark chocolate and autumn leaf accents on this rustic, yet structured, Cabernet Franc. The palate is elegantly fruity, with a crisp black-plum flavor, striking acidity and a delicate touch of vanilla spice. The tannins are bold, so decant to drink now.
As rich as it is tannic, this is powerful and concentrated. It shows the rich 2009 fruit at its best, full of sweet berries, deliciously ripe. Enjoyable, while it is also serious.
It's properly dry and brisk in acidity, with a light, silky mouthfeel framing sour cherry candy, cranberry and pomegranate flavors. Drink now.
Richness and ripeness combine with just enough juicy acidity in this wine that smells lemony, figgy and buttery. Tastes recall ripe pears and fig bars without being sweet. It's an appealing wine with personality and good balance.
Shows the rich fruit, acidity and silky texture of Calera's spot on Mount Harlan, with cherry, cola and sweet sandalwood flavors. It's not as complex or concentrated as the single-vineyard bottlings, but is a good approximation.
This Viognier/Roussanne blend is showing some heat, spice, and mix of melon and celery flavors, with a quinine/tonic finish. It seems to have a bit more concentration than previous vintages of Tertulia's Viognier, but does not show the complexity or finesse of the earlier versions.
A pure gold color, this gorgeous, rich wine also has a fresh lightness that allows it to dance out of the glass. Yellow fruits and honey dominate, while there is a good acidity at the end. Drink from 2017.
A concentrated, rich wine, its pepper and cream flavors coming from a smooth, ripe core of green plum, apricot and dry spice. An impressive, textured, mineral wine that is totally rooted in the stony soil of the vineyard. Glass stopper.
Leathery cherry and plum aromas offer a hint of tobacco as well as a burnt, roasted note. This is healthy in feel, with lively, snappy acidity. Flavors of herbs, vanilla, tomato, tobacco and red currant finish wiry and high-toned, with moderate tartness and plenty of length. Drink through 2023.
Aromas recall ripe dark berry, toast and a whiff of cake spice. The soft, informal palate offers sour cherry, vanilla and a hint of espresso alongside round tannins. Drink soon.
A classic profile for top-shelf California Syrah, this bottling shows blackberry, black pepper, thyme, charred pork and dense purple flowers on the nose. The palate melds dried herbs with dense fruit, offering fennel pollen, oregano, marjoram and black cardamom atop blueberry and olallieberry, with a touch of dark chocolate toward the finish.
Always one of the best Malbecs for the money. This French-owned estate doesn't cut corners, so you get a serious red wine that's heady, vigorous and authentic. The color is perfect, the bouquet smoky and penetrating, and the taste of berry fruit, spicy wood and vanilla convincing.
This is a bit flat and one-dimensional. The cherry and raspberry flavors would benefit from greater vitality and a drier finish. But it's okay for an everyday red.
From Pinot Noir grapes. It's rare to find a California bubbly this red in color. Opens with bright and expressive cherry, vanilla and yeast aromas, and turns rich in cherry fruit in the mouth. Unusually full-bodied for a sparkling wine, but very fine.
Earth and rubber aromas dominate the nose, which isn't what you'd call fresh or inviting. The palate improves only slightly, with piercing acidity pressing green-leaning plum and berry flavors. Oaky on the finish and marginal overall.
Off by a few beats from the '02, the '03 shows red currant, plumped raisin and green mint jelly notes. The flavors are good, but the wine, which is soft in structure, is not an ager.
Elegant and nuanced, this opens with ethereal layers of dried fruit, leather, spice and black licorice. There's a taut firmness to the finish that should soften as the tannins mature over the next 5–10 years. Very nice.
More lean and tight than bulky, with licorice, pepper and leather aromas. Compact in the mouth, with spice and cherry flavors leading into a peppery, drying finish. Balanced and more traditional than many modern, beefy, unidentifiable reds. Imported by 31 Degrees South Imports.
Made from red grape Nero d'Avola vinified without skin contact, this full-bodied wine has sensations of red apples, pink grapefruit, mineral and white pepper. Crisp acidity gives freshness but the warmth of evident alcohol on the midpalate throws off the balance.
This blend of all five Bordeaux varieties has cranberry, plum, sage and herb throughout and is good, with a medium-body and tart finish. Aged almost two years in nearly all new French oak it's fairly light on its feet. Much of the blend (27%) is Alexander Valley Cabernet, the Merlot is from Sonoma Valley and the Cab Franc from Dry Creek. The Malbec and Petit Verdot, earthy and leathery both, come from Clear Lake.
Neutral smelling with a hint of lemon-lime and children's vitamin. The palate is wet but doesn't bring much more in the way of feel, while the flavors are flat, melony and hint at apple. This wine is old by PG standards but not yet dead. It's hanging in there.
Varietally correct, with familiar prickly aromas along with citrus and sweat. It's pretty much all you could ask for at under $10, and with honest lemon and pineapple flavors its committed and alive. Good mouthfeel with grab and body only secures its standing as a white wine Best Buy.
A little one-dimensional and on the soft side, but enormously rich in apple butter, pineapple custard, apricot jam, gingerbread, vanilla honey and sweet oak flavors.
Bone dry, this wine shows the soft, dusty tannins and herbal flavors that classically mark Alexander Valley Cabernet Sauvignon. It has an elegant structure housing flavors of blackberries, currants, sage, tobacco and cedar, and should develop in the bottle over the next 6–8 years.
This bottling from Fintan du Fresne has all the hallmarks of savory, cool-climate Syrah: deep blackberry aromas wrapped in black pepper, rosemary, game and tar. The palate adds pine and boysenberry to the mix, making for a compelling and lively wine.
Sharp and minerally at first, with aromas of cat pee, nectarine, melon and cucumber. Rather big and meaty on the tongue, with enough tangy gooseberry and citrus to balance out the larger peach and pear flavors. Thorough and healthy as a whole, with adequate acidity and girth.
Fresh and light on the nose, this rare bottling of a sparkling Albariño shows crème fraiche, wet stone and the slight tang of green-apple skin on the nose. The bubbles are moderate on the sip, where green tomato, lime rinds and Granny Smith apple combine to make a fascinating and rather pleasing sip.
Generous tannins give this wine power and weight, as bright bursts of red cherry and inviting vanilla notes give it a counterpoint of focus. Softly textured, it's an exploration of brambly blackberry flavors, baking in the summer sun.
A blend of Olsen Estates and Stillwater Creek vineyards, this wine pops with heaping amounts of black pepper and raw meat aromas along with dried herb grace notes. It's full of fruit and savory flavors, with firm tannins backing it all up. An impressive wine, this should have a long life ahead of it.
Dull and heavy, with medicinal LifeSaver candy and cola flavors, this wine has a sugary finish.
Half Viognier with the rest equal parts Marsanne and Roussanne, this is aromatic with notes of pear, apples and apricot with surprisingly tart fruit flavors. The warmth of the vintage shows with the alcohol bleeding through, especially on the finish.
A fresh berry aroma opens the nose of this easy-going Nero d'Avola. Slender and crisp, it would pair with curried chicken or veal chop.
Beautiful black-cherry fruit meets with touches of caramel and liquefied violet on the well-integrated nose of this bottling from the oldest Syrah planting in Santa Barbara County. The flavors are still a bit wound up, even four years on, but the black-currant, lavender, rosemary and charred-beef elements should rise above the wine's firm sticky tannins soon. Drink 2018–2023.
A majority varietal, a dying breed in the Napa Valley, this also has 5% Petite Sirah. The combination is dense and syrupy in strawberry and a tightness of oak. Time will soften its edges, and there's already a softness to the tannins that delights, the finish light and lean. Cellar through 2017.
Although this blend is perfectly good, it does have an herbal, green, minty streak that's likely due to the 30% Syrah and Cabernet bolstering 70% Garnacha. Aromas of mint, herbs, milk chocolate and plastic lead to snappy herb, spice, plum and raspberry flavors. The finish is fiery, drying and spicy.
From a fourth-generation farming family, this wine is sourced from the Niebaum-Tonella and Morisoli-Borges vineyards along the Rutherford Bench. It opens with a bouquet of sweetly ripened mango, peach and pear, which continue on the palate. Fierce acidity and a drop of anise form the backdrop of the wine, which finishes somewhat tropical.
This blend of 60% Riesling and 40% Pinot Gris is less than the sum of those parts. In fact, the two grapes cancel each other out. Slightly volatile, it's got lemon-polish aromas, thin fruit and a sour finish.
Notes of sweet wood and ripe stone fruits blend together in this solid, smoky and bacon-flavored wine. It is soft, firm and generous, with a full texture.
This wine contains a drop of Petit Verdot. At more than five years of age, it has shed its babyfat, and is starting to develop bottle complexity. You can certainly drink it now for its luscious red cherry, blueberry, licorice and spice flavors. The tannins are as velvety smooth as anything in Napa Valley. However, it's guaranteed to continue to develop well in the bottle. Hold until 2018, at the very least.
This structured, dark, brooding wine is closed up at this stage. It's a wine with serious tannins, powerful spiciness and plenty of concentration. A dry core is surrounded by the fruit, hinting at potentially rich texture.
Sadly, this is the last Patianna Sauvignon Blanc made by the late Mike Lee. It opens with great, subtle aromatics of just-ripe pear and melon and is balanced and easy to like. The finish is long and lean, with layers of acidity that would match well with scallops, shrimp or fresh oysters.
The wine is completely mature. With soft strawberry flavors that have melded into the rounded texture, this is a wine that has only the lightest tannins. Acidity and an attractive ripe fruit character make this a wine to enjoy now.
Named after the French practice of taking a cubitainer to a cooperative and filling it up “en vrac,” this is the sort of fruity, easy-drinking wine that those French would enjoy. It has red fruits, a gentle texture and great final acidity.
Grown on clay and chalk soil, this second wine in a series of three from the Moinié estate is intended for medium-term aging. With its dark color and solid tannins, it certainly needs time. However, its rich black fruit and acidity already show through that structure. Give it until 2019, and it will be ready to drink.
This colorfully packaged wine screams “concept export,” but what's in the bottle holds up to scrutiny. There's above-average cherry/berry aromas and then a full palate with popping acidity pushing lightly herbal plum and berry flavors. A well-made Garnacha from 20-year-old vineyards.
A big oaky can't-miss blast of clove and wood spice is more dominating than secondary berry aromas. This is resiny and full in body, with ample acidity. Oak plays a lead role on the flavor profile, which includes toast, mint and herbal black plum. A peppery toasty finish benefits from moderate juicy acidity. Drink through 2021.
Packaged in an electric blue bottle, this opens with tones of cracked white pepper and fragrant field flower. There's a touch of sweet softness on the finish that gives momentum to the wine's bubbly foam.
Using grapes from both sides of the Columbia, winemaker Jonathan Oberlander has crafted a flavorful and beautifully balanced wine that mingles quince, lime, citrus rind and a hint of herb. All stainless and no malolactic fermentation—just pure fruit and clean acids.
Initial aromas are melony before becoming bland. The palate is chunky, with soft acidity. Flavors of pear and citrus taste green, while the finish is inoffensive.
Light cranberry and pomegranate show on the nose of this always-anticipated bottling by Dan Lee, with a pine-needle aroma to provide depth. The slightly sour flavor of Montmorency cherries mixes with snappy cranberry and underripe red currants on the sip, which gains herbal and peppery spice complexity as it breathes.
A very fashionable Sauvignon Blanc. It takes the basic architecture of crisp acidity and dry, spicy citrus and fig fruit and boosts it to levels of true elegance and sophistication. Leaves a long, impressive finish that makes you want another sip.
Apple and stone fruit aromas come with a mineral component and a stalky, hay note. It feels good and full, showing classic Cava flavors of stalky apple and nectarine. The finish is smooth and easygoing.
Sicily makes some of the absolutely best dessert wines you will ever taste, and Feudo Disisa's late-harvest Krysos is an excellent example. The wine opens with intense aromas of apricot, chestnut honey, almond marzipan and dried apricot. It feels soft, thick and enduring on the long, sweet finish.
Subtly nutty on the nose with a hint of lemony perfume, this Chardonnay sparkler is pleasantly brisk but a little dilute on the palate. Small bubbles are soft and gently mouthfilling.
This tiny boutique does well with thick and heavy wines that frequently top 15% alcohol. This sweet, syrupy Syrah is loaded with blueberries, chocolate, licorice and espresso flavors. Nothing shy here, but it delivers a lot of flavor for the price.
While not in the official canon of Grand Crus, La Moutonne is definitely in grand cru territory, a parcel that is divided between Les Preuses and Vaudésir. The 2012 is very structured, dense and textured, with a strongly tannic character packed with minerality. Time will bring out its fruit and richness. Drink from 2019.
Compact and herbal on the nose, this has hints of plastic and wet cement. It feels tannic and cheeky, with varietal flavors of tomato, oregano, herb and berry. The finish is lightly herbal and green, with cheek-blasting tannins.
Despite the relatively high alcohol, this comes across as a fairly classic Coonawarra Cabernet. Mint accents chocolate and cassis, and the wine is full bodied yet still seems a bit restrained on the palate. Firm tannins frame the dusty, appropriately drying finish. Drink 2016–2025.
The price is good and the wine is totally dry. This is a rugged, country-style wine that's so low in fruit, the alcohol, which is actually pretty low, dominates.
Although Pinot Grigios are white wines, you could consider this a rosé instead because of its luminous copper color. The wine boasts a thick, creamy consistency and has a generous, plush feel in the mouth. It's a special and carefully crafted wine.
This is a rounded, full-bodied rosé that also has a herbal element. It has a wild strawberry flavor, with light acidity and sweetness. Screwcap.
91-93 Barrel sample. Rich but beautifully elegant that guards great freshness on top of the Merlot richness. The tannins are structured but well integrated. There is a high spice character to finish.
Melon and pear aromas lean in the direction of tropical. This pulsing Chardonnay emphasizes acidity and zest over oak and weight. A flavor profile built on tart green fruits and scallion is racy and ends with snap.
Powerful and dramatic, packed with polished flavors of blackcurrants and cassis, sweet roasted pepper, and dried herbs. Tannins are thick and there's a bite of acidity in the finish, suggesting that this delicious young wine will age. But it's drinkable now.
Tastes like there's some residual sugar in this sweet Zin. It's almost a dessert wine, like a raspberry and cherry pie, with a sweet berry liqueur finish. The alcohol is 15.2%.
Full bodied, very flavorful and well balanced, this wine offers concentrated plummy aromas that lead to dense, ripe blackberry and strawberry flavors. Along with the tangy, lightly tannic mouthfeel and lingering finish, it keeps bringing on delicious fruit notes.
Raisin-baked plum defines this hearty, full-bodied and ultraripe wine, rich in red berry and robust on the finish.
There's a lot of new oak in the nose, and it's tannic and has a fair amount of the volatile aromas that are found in several of the Hogue reds. The midpalate is soft to a fault, but shows hints of the spice and pepper of the grape. It finishes with volatility and unusually soft tannins. Tasting room exclusive.
Made to be affordable and easygoing, this is indeed a simple wine, showing light, bright flavors and aromas of apple, cucumber and lime.
This wine's aromas are fruit forward, suggesting cantaloupe, melon and pear. The palate is spicy and broad, bringing a lot of appeal.
Barda is a particular wine with proprietary aromas of light cranberry, pickle brine, dried leaf and especially tomato. A light palate with mild yet rubbery tannins sets up fresh, earthy, briny flavors that end smooth, with salty, herbal aftershocks.
There is something lifted on the nose that translates as white currant and dried lemon peel on the palate. A distinct notion of autolysis provides a canvas for the fruity but restrained lemon notes. The fine mousse supports this beautiful balance, while the dry finish shines with lasting lemon flavors.
This wine's 16.2% alcohol is a dominant feature, and although it offers some rich raisined aromas and flavors of dried fruit and spice, it starts warm and finishes hot. Drink now.
Red fruits and soft tannins give this rounded wine a generous feel. It has spice and rich berry fruits that are lifted with a touch of acidity. Drink this attractive wine from 2018.
In the small, mountainous region of Somontano, Cabernet Sauvignon rules, and this blend of 80% Cab and 20% Tempranillo delivers. Starting out, aromas of blackberry and plum come with earthy leather notes. The palate is plump and chewy in feel, with meaty black-fruit flavors of plum, molasses and toast. The finish is warm and smooth.
You can't beat the low price and overall good cheer of this fresh Italian Chardonnay in a screwtop bottle. The golden-colored wine reveals a soft and smooth texture accented by pretty aromas of stone fruit, honey and almond nut.
The aromas are restrained and mellow in this bottling from winemaker Tyler Thomas, showing mostly yellow apple and citrus peel notes. The palate is racy, high-toned and steely in structure, framed by a razor-sharp edge of zippy acidity, with only faint background notes of ripe stonefruit.
A weird Cabernet with unfamiliar, odd aromas. Tight as nails and sheering, with sour plum and incongruent buttery oak flavors. Barrel influence shows up on the finish. Needs polish and improvement.
A white Graves, part of the Thomas Barton range, this has good, soft, creamy fresh fruit and flavors of green plums, some spice and a fresh, full character.
There is a lot going on in this unique, affordably priced blend of 36% Pinot Noir, 28% Syrah, 27% Merlot and 9% Zinfandel—underripe mulberry, thyme, crushed pepper and fennel aromas on the nose. It balances well on the palate, where bright acidity and textural tension hold the boysenberry, anise and lavender flavors together.
This savory wine opens with aromas of violet, red rose, wet soil, woodland berries and a whiff of Mediterranean herbs. The fresh, inviting palate doles out juicy dark cherry accented with hints of cracked black pepper, sage and clove. It's straightforward, balanced and enjoyable now but will drink well for through 2017.
Floral on the nose, this is a light, pretty Chardonnay steeped in straightforward citrus and apple. It has been aged partially in new French oak but doesn't come off as oaky.
This Cabernet-basred blend, with 13% Merlot, 4% Petit Verdot, 3% Cabernet Franc and 2% Malbec, opens with intense aromas of tobacco, leather, sweet smoke, cured meat, dried fig and fruit cake. Flavors of black berry, cherry and cassis unfold on the medium-weight palate, alongside firm, muscular tannins that hold on through the lingering finish. Drink now–2016.
Another impressive bargain-priced 2015 Sauvignon Blanc. Consumers looking for summer 2017 refreshment should grab some of this for its crisp flavors of pineapple, passion fruit and grapefruit. Drink now.
This red wine, named for the chef at the winery restaurant, is fruity and high-toned, with lots of cherry and berry flavor. All neutral oak, soft tannins, ready to drink.
Reductive on first pour, this wine opens to display aromas of freshly sliced red apple and melon. It drinks a hair off dry, with a fleshy, full feel.
Expressive and appetizing notes of freshly cut red apples define the nose. The palate carries the apple notes further, supporting them with an autolytic richness reminiscent of shortcrust pastry. Fine and lively, the mousse intensifies the inherent freshness of this elegant, light and dry wine.
The abundant minerality of this Mendocino Chenin Blanc hits first, followed by clean flavors and a subtle layer of honey on the finish.
Very ripe and rich, this has a smooth, oily texture, with a perfumed fruit character and just a hint of acidity. The wine feels fat and is not for aging.
A bit sweet and rugged, with jammy blackberry, currant and pepper spice flavors wrapped into firm tannins. Shows Zin's briary, brambly character.
One whiff reveals a roasted peanut aroma that's ultimately leathery and not very fresh. The wine feels tannic and hard, with a short berry flavor and a roasted bitterness that carries the finish.
Opulently dense, this wine opens nicely in orange blossom and caramel apple, followed by a palate that's somewhat incomplete in fruit-flavor follow-up. Concentrated and full bodied, it packs a powerful punch, ending in oak.
A sweetly delicious bubbly, with fine bubbles and a rich yeastiness to the citrus, cherry and vanilla flavors. The blend is of French Colombard, Chardonnay and Sangiovese.
Lots of heavily toasted oak sits atop the bouquet, and thus it's no surprise that the flavor profile runs a bit lemony and sharp. But give the wine time to unfold and you'll find a layer of pure blackberry mixed with notes of chocolate and coffee. Arguably too oaky but with good core qualities.
A blend of indigenous varieties from the south of Portugal, this wine smoothly blends green apple and citrus flavors with a slightly creamy texture, yet finishes zesty and fresh, with a hint of anise.
Perfumed aromas offer notes of white flowers, mineral and pink grapefruit. The flavors are dry and elegantly styled with a lingering finish. It will drink well at the dinner table.
A light, dainty selection, this opens with soft scents of menthol and garrigue herbs that are framed by hints of pear and white melon rind. The palate is similarly light in intensity, with subtle fruit flavors that are complemented by touches of ginger and oaky spice. Drink now.
This Cab is a good value for its blackberry, currant and oak flavors that are easy to drink. It's good for anytime you want a full-bodied, dry red wine.
Auxerrois, a cross between Pinot Noir and Gouais Blanc, creates an aromatic, lively, citrus and pear fruit-flavored white wine with a delicious mix of fruit, spice and even a hint of white chocolate. Fresh and more interesting than many Chardonnays, this is a sure-fire crowd-pleaser at any picnic or barbecue.
Jammy sweet and spicy, like blackberry, cherry and raspberry pie filling. Could use more finesse, but it sure is rich. A blend of Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and   Merlot.
A very sweet wine, this has a residual sugar of 11.9%. The sweetness of white sugar dominates the orange and apricot fruit.
Cola, blackberry and cassis dominate the bouquet, with cedar making a cameo. The palate shows no shortage of tannins, while the flavors yield to the usual suspects: cassis, black fruit, etc. To call it a young buck would be accurate. It's tough, robust and tannic, yet there's a lot of fruit and power to uncover.
This is a floral expression of Pinot Grigio with pretty tones of honeysuckle and jasmine that set the stage. Stone fruit and mineral tones fill in the background and the wine has a smooth, slightly sweet finish.
Donatella Cinelli Colombini regularly brings us very soft, rich and velvety expressions of Brunello. This vintage, however, is more austere, reserved and seems to need more time to open and breathe in the glass. As it does, it reveals layers of cherry, almond paste, smoke, vanilla and powdered chocolate.
Undeniably riper than the 2011, this soft and smooth wine offers pretty red plum and cherry pit flavors, lightly spicy and supple. Lovely though it is, the wine tilts toward a high-toned finish, suggesting that it's best consumed young.
Just delicious, this offers a flood of ripe, jammy blackberries and cherries. Beyond the richness is superb structure, with refined tannins, a floor of minerality and keen acidity. Good as it is now, the wine should profit with 6-8 years in the cellar.
Soliloquy was a hit from the very start and the wine has become steadily more interesting and complex as the sourcing shifted to Oakville. Now 100% single-vineyard Sauvignon Blanc from the Musqué clone, it's dry, elegant and crisp, with a ripe finish to the fig, Key lime and white peach flavors. Sur lies aging adds a mouthwatering creaminess.
Bright gold in color, this wine's all about sweet tropical fruit, particularly pineapple and passion fruit. An undercurrent of smokiness on both the nose and the palate adds interest and complexity.
This deliciously warm and ripe wine has swathes of red fruit that are full of energy and richness. It offers a touch of perfumed spice and good acidity. Drink now, although the wine will be better from early 2016.
Solid, dark, acidic and tannic wine made from five red grapes. The nose deals cola, olive, leather and undefined saucy aromas, which are backed by flavors of red fruits, herbs and olive. Finishes with a wave of red fruit flavor but also tough, grabby, lasting tannins. Drink now through 2013.
Vittoria is one of the best Barbera d'Alba wines you will ever taste. Chocolate fudge, powdered mocha, blackberry and exotic spice waft gently off the nose of the luscious but delicate Barbera d'Alba. The wine is dense and round (it's aged in oak, 50% of which is new barrique).
From a mix of southern Oregon vineyards, this vintage was harvested at pretty low sugar levels (22.7º brix). It is light, and elegantly designed—definitely a wine for every day drinking. Along with spare berry fruit is a hint of nougat from a tiny percentage of new oak.
The Preda Sarmassa Barolo Riserva offers an interesting and immediate bouquet of cola, currants, dried mint, green olive and capers. This is a distinctive and special wine that would pair wonderfully against a meat dish with an herbal element. Try it with beef and mint jelly or herb-encrusted lamb chops.
This ripe Cabernet has an expressive roasted aroma, and the sweet black-cherry and kirsch liqueur flavors are wrapped in thick, toasty tannins. Earthy and smoky through the finish, and tannins ultimately turn a bit rough and drying.
From one of the leading estates in this cru appellation, the wine is structured and firm and likely to age well. With black cherry and red-currant fruits it is crisp although with its solid texture it should broaden out. Drink this wine from 2018.
Despite 12.4% alcohol, this wine still has a healthy dose of residual sugar. The fat mouthfeel and sweet fruit flavors scream California, from the ripe apple and peach flavors to the squeeze of lemony acidity on the finish.
Initially densely tannic, this wine quickly reveals a more velvet character that is enhanced by the blackberry fruits. Over half the production at Palmer in 2012 was of this second wine, which is already finely integrated and developing well. Drink from 2020.
A blend of northern and southern Portuguese grapes, this is a seriously firm wine that's structured and dense. Spiced black plums are layered with big, drying tannins and acidity, which promise long aging for this impressive wine. Drink from 2017.
A vibrant minerality consumes the aromas on this bottling from an extremely coastal vineyard. On the palate, strawberry and sagebrush flavors emerge, all couched in a clean, crisp and refreshing acidity with appropriate bitterness as well. Ready to drink now.
Softer and lighter than the winery's Cabernet Sauvignon, this wine's fruit veers toward red fruits and berries. It shows the herbaceous quality that often marks the winery's red wines. Drink now.
Spicy and stout on the nose, this delivers graphite, blackberry and cassis aromas. The palate is young, choppy and tannic in feel, with racy, raw flavors of ripe tomato and blackberry accented by carob and chocolate. Dry tannins on the finish support lightly baked berry flavors. Drink through 2017.
The variety's requisite citrus and green aromas are on display, but they aren't very defined or exciting. Neither is the wet, chunky palate, which may be moderately fresh but doesn't offer much besides basic pineapple, kiwi and green melon. 270,000 cases made.
A touch of overripeness mars this otherwise fine wine. Dry and smoothly tannic, its blackberry and currant flavors have Porty notes of raisins.
A nice, smooth, rich Zinfandel that shows classic flavors at a fair price. It's fully dry, with rich, fine tannins and ripe flavors of berries, currants, dark chocolate, cola, cedar and lots of peppery spices. Good now with broiled steak, beef tacos, juicy burgers and Thai beef dishes.
Armonia (a Sangiovese-based wine from central Tuscany) offers hot and jammy aromas of cherry maraschino, dried prune and black leather. The wine imparts a thick, chewy feel in the mouth.
The Columbia Valley designated Merlot from Northstar accounts for six times as many cases as its Walla Walla Merlot, yet in quality terms it sometimes equals or even surpasses the pricier bottling. The 2005 vintage was stellar, and this lovely wine is bursting with fruit—raspberry, blackberry, plum and more. Spicy aromas and flavors wrap around chocolaty tannins; there are exotic hints of curry and plenty of toast.
Plum and raspberry aromas grace a simple but clean bouquet. This Toro is lively on the palate, with high acidity that's reflective of a cool, wet vintage. Plum, currant and earthy, herbal flavors end with grabby tannins and zesty acidity. Drink through 2018.
Dark fruit aromas come with a grainy, almost chemical side, while the palate feels gritty as it pushes licorice and black cherry flavors. Rubbery and without much finish. Imported by American Northwest Distributors Inc.
That the greatest wine produced in the Baux-en-Provence region should be designated a vin de pays shows how meaningless French appellation law can be. The reason is that this singular wine, produced from rocky vineyards where nothing should reasonably grow, is a blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah, which is not allowed under appellation rules. Forget the legality. Enjoy and admire the huge flavors of chocolate, spice, dark, brooding black fruits and lean tannins. This wine will age—give it 8 years. Imported by Jeroboam Wines.
Benjamin Silver offers a very traditional tar and roses nose on this solid wine, with extra aromas of leather, iron, pipe smoke, iodine and beef jerky. The palate shows white pepper, roasted fennel and tight pomegranate fruit, with some gaminess and tobacco leaf, as well as grippy tannins that will continue to soften with time.
You'll find tons of blackberry, cherry, raspberry, orange zest, chocolate and spice flavors in this dry wine, but it's no mere fruit store. With polished tannins and fine Carneros acidity, it achieves an elegant balance. Drink now.
This wine is made from a duet of vineyards otherwise single-bottle designated: Cloud's Nest on Mount Veeder and Haystack from Atlas Peak. Smooth, rounded and rich in blackberry and raspberry, with a touch of currant, it has a woody, lasting taste of tannin.
From a site farmed by the great Ulises Valdez, this barrel-aged white is remarkably subtle on the oak, allowing bright, rich flavors of lemon, lime and mango to shine through, along with more complex aspects of green apple and anise.
Friendly aromas of blueberry, boysenberry, pastry and vanilla are clean and welcoming. This is pure, racy and fresh in style, with a bright plum flavor. An honest wine with quality fruit and balance.
A rare treat from a 120-year-old vineyard, this wine has a dark color, generous aromas and concentrated but dry fruit flavors. It will make a great pairing for robust, rich foods due to its medium body, lean mouthfeel and sturdy support from fine-grained tannins.
Full bodied, full flavored and satisfyingly tannic, this bold wine smells like dark plums, tastes like black cherries and blueberries ,and feels smooth but gripping in texture. It will drink best after 2017.
This is on the full-bodied side, quite ripe and tropical in style compared to its Marlborough siblings. Mango, pineapple and stone-fruit notes are all present, balanced on the finish by citrus and ginger.
It's risky to suggest aging a California Chardonnay, but you'd do well to stash this away until sometime in 2015. Right now, the wine is all about brisk acidity, oak and fresh, ripe tropical fruit, orange and pear flavors. All those parts need time to come together.
Baked red cherries and strawberry paste form the pretty components on the nose of this bottling from four vineyards and five clones, but more poignant twists comes from black sage, chipped slate and pepper dust. The cranberry fruit is quite restrained on the palate, which instead shows lots of pepper, bay leaf, rose petal and dried fennel. It offers lots of energy and depth.
An understated nose of peachy blossom is followed by an off-dry palate of rounded, fleshy stone fruit defined by sweetness and generosity. A warm glint and some pithy hints check the richness.
A Bordeaux-style blend with half estate-grown (first vintage) fruit, this has pretty, forward, bright and spicy flavors of berries running the gamut from strawberry to raspberry to cherry. Apart from that, there is a tannic push through the midpalate into the finish. It should continue to improve over the next three or four years.
The crisp nose conjures up shades of green: meadow and fresh apple peel, fresh foliage and lime, but also some honey and oatmeal. The palate remains crisp but has a toned lithe note of pure lemon that sings. This is taut, shows backbone and rounds itself out wonderfully on the palate, finishing with harmonious notes of apple and shortbread.
Although it's a bit one-dimensional, this is textbook Pinot Noir. It's lightly silky and delicate in the mouth, and dry, with crisp acids carrying flavors of cherries, cola and spice.
This oak bomb of a wine smells like charred wood, wood smoke and black pepper. It tastes much the same, with a lingering charred finish. Medium to full bodied, it holds only a modest core of fruit.
Savory whiffs of nuts and mineral convey elegance to ripe white peach and grapefruit aromas on this off-dry Riesling. Easy-drinking in style, it's pleasantly tart, finishing on a sweet, lingering kiss of honey.
Worn saddle leather and brown spice aromas transfer onto the juicy medium-bodied frame, which becomes more sturdy on the finish.
Nacional Vintage Port comes from a small parcel of ungrafted vines on a series of terraces at the Noval estate. It is a legendary wine, produced only occasionally. This wine is still impressively young and shows that it will age for decades. With its dark black fruits and succulent tannins, it is powerful and concentrated. Drink this wine from 2021 and for many years.
Dusty, generic berry aromas are light and simple. This feels highly regular and juicy, while salty flavors are clean but largely fruitless. A fresh, basic finish is perfectly adequate but unexciting.
Hulking, oaky aromas include spice, sandalwood and loads of ripe black fruit. This is massive in the mouth but sturdy and not overbearing. Flavors of baked berry and cassis are meaty, while the finish offers up licorice, spice and tons of density and concentration. Drink through 2019.
The intensity of this wine is almost overwhelming, with its crisp minerality, apple skin and green plum flavors and white stone fruits. The concentration is impressive for a wine that looks likely to need at least five years before drinking.
This is an attractively perfumed wine with Malvasia Fina and Verdelho in the blend. It is tangy, crisp and with a lightly mineral texture. Drink this wine now.
Cherry and plum aromas are a touch grassy on this compact but extracted Monastrell. Cherry and black-plum flavors rumble away on a grabby rubbery tannic finish. This is a big loud warm-climate wine where elegance and finesse are not factors.
Hints of sweetness surround the berry and licorice flavors of this light-bodied wine. It's brightly tart and very soft; in short, an easy, unadorned quaff.
This Monastrell-based rosado is indicative of the Jumilla region, meaning it's sweet, a bit heavy, and fairly candied in its aromas. Flavors of fleshy raspberry and strawberry are full, while the round finish is neutral. Low in acid; drink right away.
A ripe, fruity wine that takes its raspberry flavor from the color. The wine has softness, a creamy character that rounds out any acidity, leaving a smooth, fruity finish.
Forward and a touch racy, with moderate sweetness on the bouquet. Runs juicy and tight, with fresh, almost tart raspberry and cherry flavors. Offers the basics and not much more, but it's a balanced wine made in the traditional style, meaning it's dry, acidic and medium-bodied.
Excellent in large part for being quite different from other Shirazes: This one offers an overarching exotic quality, which manifests itself as spice on the palate, and as pipe tobacco, fireplace and black licorice on the nose. Smooth tannins in the middle, with a little toast and black pepper toward the back end. Imported by Freixenet USA.
Berry, herb and baking spice aromas lead the nose. The palate brings fleshy plum, cherry and coffee flavors that linger on the finish. This wine provides great easy-drinking appeal.
Dry and harsh, with overwhelming feline smells and tastes.
With 12.9% alcohol, this Riesling is absolutely dry and fascinatingly complex. High acidity frames citrus fruit, green apple and mineral flavors. Should develop in interesting ways over the next six years.
Red berry, white chocolate, clove and dried sage aromas lead the nose along with a whiff of espresso. The medium-bodied palate doles out red raspberry, cranberry and coffee bean while firm tannins lead to a tight, astringent close. Drink 2021–2033.
While just a touch ripe on the nose, this rosé is wonderfully dry with a bright red plum and cherry compote palate accented by deep, stony minerality. Full bodied, yet pleasantly astringent on the finish, it's the perfect accompaniment to seafood.
Light scallion and green herb aromas are offset by buttercup and melon scents. It feels fairly deep and melony, with peach and apple flavors. Despite being soft on the finish, it's packed with white fruit and tropical fruit flavors.
As the name indicates, this limited reserve is a selection of the winemaker's best barrels. It was fermented with 90% whole clusters, and aged 15 months in one-third new French oak. There are ample scents and flavors of stem, leaf and root, which dominate. Give this wine a lot of breathing time or a vigorous decant, which will help to bring the fruit back up.
Tropical aromas of lychee and green banana are clean and inviting. The palate feels lifted, fresh and easygoing, with lychee, banana and pear flavors. It finishes pure and fairly long.
Hooray for Novy for producing this fine, inexpensive wine and for putting their name proudly on it, instead of hiding behind a second label. It's dry and crisp and totally drinkable, with pleasant berry, cherry and spice flavors.
Always a nice, rich Chard with oaky nuances but not too much. This year the wine is especially full-bodied, packed with fruity flavors and a spicy, cinnamon and pepper aftertaste. Cuvaison has held its prices down and this wine is actually a value in its class.
This oddly named Cabernet Sauvignon is fine. It has light tannins, a juicy, stalky character, upfront black currant fruit and balanced acidity. Drink now.
All the parts of this juvenile wine have not begun to come together. You have ripe, jammy blackberry, cassis and blueberry flavors, firm tannins, evident new oak, and crisp acidity. All they need is time to marry. The wine is 100% Cabernet, and the grapes used to be vineyard-designated by Beringer. Cellar until at least late 2008, and the wine should improve for many years.
Aromas of raisin, tobacco, cedar and toasted oak lead the nose on this full-bodied Merlot. The palate offers dried black cherry, black currant, graphite, licorice and clove alongside firm tannins that are rather rough on the finish.
Straightforward and creamy, with lemon zest and white cherry accents and a lively, citrus palate that's not too sweet. Finishes dry, with a lingering wet stone note.
Earthy, rubbery dark-berry aromas feed into a lean palate supported by drawing tannins. Like the nose, this tastes herbal and leafy, with generic berry flavors and a touch of mushroom. The finish is light and short.
A blend of 59% Mourvèdre, 22% Cinsault and 19% Shiraz, this opens with faint aromas of peach, melon and lemon peel. The palate is soft and slightly warm, with pithy, bitter cherry-skin and melon-rind flavors that remain through the finish.
This is a simple Merlot that's light-bodied for the variety, more like a Pinot Noir. It has minty, candied flavors of cherry Lifesavers, with oaky notes of toasted meringue.
Deep and baked on the nose, with soft, fleshy blackberry and plum flavors. On the palate the wine's tannins are tame and the fruit seems exceedingly rich.  So drink now to get its last gasp of gusto; soon it will probably turn heavier that it is now.
There's a lot to like in this effort: ample dark fruit, complex notions of tea leaves and dried grasses, and a richly textured, long finish. The wine is medium bodied and not very tannic, making it easy to sip repeatedly. Drink it over the next 8–10 years.
A little bit of waxy cheese interferes with the apple and pear nose, while flavors of pineapple and orange are live-wire and forward, courtesy of piercing acids. Finishes in a style that's consistent with the rest of the wine. Imported by Remy Cointreau USA.
Soft scents of leafy ferns and freshly cut Conference pears are subtly inviting. The palate then trumps with a textured dryness and that softly spiced pepperiness that is Grüner's hallmark. This is classy and grown-up, with lots of zesty, fresh citrus notes thrown in.
Dense black cherry and stewed plum aromas introduce this round, jammy and ultraripe Syrah. In the mouth, the wine is rich and chunky, with brandied cherry and baked berry and plum flavors topped with sprinkles of nutmeg and cumin. Nothing evaporates on the ripe finish. Drink through 2018.
A brooding Cabernet full of green and black olive, velvety cassis and cinnamon spice, this is ready to enjoy now. A juicy red, it has resolved tannins and a lingering taste of tobacco. Power and finesse are here, along with smoky minerality and savory fruit.
Light hints of licorice and clove dance around lusciously ripe fruit flavors in this big, layered and almost monumental wine. The fruit is darker than usual, like black plum and currant, while the thick yet fine tannins massage the mouth as you sip and pull all that gorgeous fruit through the lingering finish.
This is turning into an impressive wine as it finds its way between solid tannins and ripe, full black fruits. It is dark and dense at this stage with tannins that dominate. A more juicy character will develop as the wine ages. Drink from 2017.
This wine combines 32% Petit Verdot with 28% Merlot, 26% Malbec and 14% Cabernet Sauvignon. It's intense in milk chocolate and blackberry-raspberry jam, high in acidity and low in oak, showing a tendency toward bitterness on the finish.
This is a fine Cabernet to drink with burgers, Mexican food, beef stew or skirt steak. Soft and sweet, it has flavors of blackberries and cherries, plus a just-right jacket of smoky oak and a smooth, spicy finish.
Bone dry, tart in acidity and silky in texture, with flavors of mashed red cherries and red currants. Pretty austere by itself, but better with cheeses, roasts, olive oil.
Flavorful and sophisticated at the same time, this wine combines honey, peach, orange and clove flavors for an experience that's not blatantly fruity, and not sweet, but delightful. Try it with Thai, Chinese, roast pork or at any outdoor occasion.
Cherry and plum aromas lead to a choppy, rubbery-feeling palate. It tastes soupy, herbal and briney.
The oak really dominates this wine. It tastes sweet and sappy and caramelly. Underneath it is a dry, crisp wine, with pear, pineapple and red apple flavors.
Heavy and soft, like a red velvet curtain. It's forward in black cherry and oak flavors, with a dusting of cocoa. It's not really showing delicacy or finesse now, but has plenty of power. Try holding until 2007.
One of the rare PGs that comes from this prestigious appellation, which is patently too warm for the variety. The wine is dull and soft, with earthy flavors, and all that oak doesn't help.
A fine, everyday Merlot, soft and approachable, with ripe berry, cherry, cola and oak flavors. The tannins are pretty. Drink up.
Whispers of smoke and petrol meld into wild heather honey notes on Heron Hill's richly concentrated semidry Riesling. While abundantly floral and fruity, penetrating acidity maintains balance and structure. Finishes dry, with a deliciously bitter grapefruit-pith note.
From the use of the term Shiraz (rather than Syrah) to the sweet, vanilla-and-tobacco-laden flavors, this seems to be aimed squarely at the consumer who loves a forward, round and rather soft Australian-style wine. It delivers ripe berry flavors, silky tannins and plenty of up-front pleasure for the price.
This Cab is about fruit and oak, sculpted together with precision and lusciousness. Flavors of blackberries, cherries, licorice, toast and exotic spice flood the mouth, leading to a long finish. Drink now.
A very sweet wine that still manages to keep a dry element to it. It has as power, richness and great concentration, a smooth texture and final acidity. All in all, a wine that demands attention and aging.
A little unripe, with vegetal notes accompanying the riper black cherry fruit. Feels somewhat harsh in green tannins, too. Otherwise, a decent everyday Cabernet.
Aromas of sour berry, blue flower and leather emerge on this medium-bodied red. The palate is raw and lean, showing unripe cherry, sage and grainy, aggressive tannins that segue into an astringent finish.
This Superiore's winning card is intensity and you'll feel it in its aromas of cherry, blackberry and spice as well as in the ripeness of the fruit here. In fact, those mature berry flavors provide a nice contrast to the wine's bright acidity.
Classic varietal aromas include stone fruit, crushed tomato vine, freshly cut grass and green melon. The palate offers a depth of flavors that include creamy white peach and ripe cantaloupe that are brightened by firm acidity. It closes on a flinty mineral note.
Aromas of sun-kissed grapefruit and berries waft from this concentrated mélange of fruit and flowers. Off dry on the palate, it's punchy and fresh, balancing bright, lemony acidity against a core of apple and pear flavors. The finish is marked by hints of exotic spice and tea tannins.
A tad lighter in color, this smartly priced screwtop shows juicy red cherries and bramble fruit with wet gravel and red rose petals on the nose. The rich red cherries on the palate are cut by tart cranberries, pencil lead, peppercorns and rosemary.
Delicately floral on the nose, this sweet but wonderfully balanced Muscat offers a fine introduction to the Rutherglen Muscat style. Pineapple, raisin and spice flavors persist a good long time, trailing elegantly away on the finish.
This is just what you want from a Cabernet Franc. It's softly tannic and gentle in the mouth, with rich cherry, cola and oak flavors. The addition of a few drops of Merlot and Petit Verdot seems to add structural complexity. Drink now.
Made in a heavy, dense style, with extracted fruit flavors and lots of oak, this Cab is immediately flashy in chocolate, blackberry jam and toast. It delivers in richness, yet lacks a certain vitality. Drink now.
The difference from Luna's regular '04 Cab is in the increased alcohol, nearly 1% higher, and greater tannic structure. There's probably more new oak, too, which is in proportion to the massive blackcurrant and cherry fruit. As young as it is, it's fully drinkable now, but should hold and improve for six to eight years.
This is the grandest of Melville's current trio of '06s. It's also the most ageworthy. Fifty percent stem inclusion in the fermentation has given the wine a tannic, gritty earthiness and spiciness that throw a cloak over the underlying wine. But what a fantastic wine that is, loaded with oodles of cherries, currants and violets. Hard to exaggerate the complexity and broad intellectual appeal of this connoisseur's wine.
Amity's Sunnyside Pinot is stylistically joined at the hip to the Schouten bottling, but with more tart, cranberry-flavored power. This shows a strong, pure resonance; a single note well struck. The fruit flavors just keep echoing down through the throat.
Pretty well composed on the nose, with a core of blackberry. The palate runs narrow and grabby, but the generic sweet berry fruit is tasty, albeit ultrasimple. Snappy on the finish, with the gritty feel of cherry and grape skins. Good in a basic way.
A great-value Barbera sourced from Lodi and entirely barrel-aged, Uvaggio's Italian red is very savory and rich with a mix of leather, cherry, chocolate and perfume. With a small amount of Primitivo in the blend, it'll accompany meats and pastas in red sauce as well as drink nicely on its own, the acidity standing up to a wide range of earthy dishes.
Engaging, complex aromas of cassis, violets, smoked meat, leather and herbs open this darkly-fruited Shiraz. Licorice and spice notes accent the black-plum flavors on the full palate. The tangy finish has ample tannins, while an anise, tart fruit note adds interest on the back end.
Bel-Air is owned by the Cazes family of Château Lynch-Bages in Pauillac, and the pedigree of the winemaking shows. A rich, almost opulent wine, tempered with tannins. Flavors of dark black figs, herbs and wood come together harmoniously. It has a tense edge of tannin that promises aging.
Delicious, sweet-smelling and gorgeous, this Syrah from Cortona exhibits flawless aromas of ripe blueberry, spice, bacon and tobacco. The extraction is excellent and so is the intensity of its mouthfeel.
Zingy lemon-lime flavors pierce the palate of this zesty dry-style Riesling. It's remarkably sheer in mouth feel with a crystalline briskness to the finish. Drink now through 2019.
There are pretty white-flower aromas that grace the bouquet of this wine, with a supporting core of pink apple, peach and ripe honeydew. Despite its light weight, there's a pleasant roundness to the midpalate, with lasting fruit impressions on the close.
This delicious and refined Sauvignon Blanc from Tuscany offers classic varietal aromas of crushed tomato vine and green melon. Succulent cantaloupe, peach and apricot flavors are balanced by crisp acidity and a creamy texture.
Familiar aromas of lemon blossom and air freshener get it going, and all together it smells a lot like a bathroom cleanser. Later on it shifts to lean, lemony, citrus fruits, with lime sticking out. Good and racy in the mouth, with another squeeze of lime juice on the finish. Good for Torrontés but with limits.
Made from undisclosed varieties, this is a dessert wine, but not a very rich one. The alcohol of 18.5% by volume gives it a glceriney heat, but the blackberry and chocolate flavors are watery.
Made with 90% Sangiovese and 10% Canaiolo, this simple wine shows subdued aromas of purple flower, moist soil and dark berry. The palate delivers black plum, sour cherry and a hint of spice.
The grapes are Bordeaux varieties, but this is a ruby Port-style dessert wine. It's sweet and decadent in chocolate, blackberry tart, vanilla and smoky caramel flavors. Feels rich and fine in the mouth.
An edgy wine that shows the steely side of Chablis, this has a tangy, taut texture that's laced with an asparagus flavor that allies with the notes of wood and lime juice. Age for another year to bring it to its best.
Lots of raspberry and cherry fruit and sweet, caramelized oak in this Pinot Noir. It's rather simple, but crisp in acidity. Not going anywhere, so drink up.
Chalky tannin surrounds succulent baked plum and dark cherry, with chocolate and black licorice riding along in the back seat. This is a full-bodied, ripe wine.
This is brisk in acidity and entirely dry, with the low-alcohol austerity of the cool 2011 vintage. The flavors are good but elusive, suggesting cherry skin, smoked ham, tobacco, fresh herb and white pepper.
This polished young wine shows the softness and slight herbaceousness that mark many Alexander Valley Cabernets. With ripe blackberry, cherry pie, red currant and mocha flavors, it's a fine wine to drink now and over the next 4–5 years.
A powerful wine, tropical in its fruit flavors with mango and guava and layered with a mineral texture. This is rich and concentrated, with acidity that gives a great final bite.
Direct and thin, this Merlot has simple currant, cocoa, licorice and oakspice flavors that finish totally dry.
Boysenberry and blueberry aromas mixed with oak scents amount to an inviting, solid bouquet. In the mouth, this is healthy, full-bodied and showing plenty of kick. Flavors of berry fruits, plum and roasted notes end with jammy berry flavors and a good texture. Drink now–2015.
Lavish on the nose, this wine, made by a blind classical pianist, shows aromas of blackcurrant, caramel and hickory smoke. The heavy smoke on the nose fades away once sipped, and the palate proves quite grippy and tightly wound, showing tar, black pepper, teriyaki, black plum and cocoa-dust flavors.
This is a classically ripe Paso Robles Syrah, delicious and hedonistic from front to back. Vivacious blackberry and black currant meet with dark chocolate, violets and caramel on the approachable nose. The palate's neatly integrated flavors include blackberry pie in a flaky vanilla crust, tart black plum and a dusting of pepper. The finish is very long.
While sultry and rich with ripe black-fruit flavors, this concentrated Pinot Noir is surprisingly multidimensional on the nose and palate. Green herb and brisk acidity add freshness. Hints of mushroom and wet soil, along with penetrating, chewy tannins, add depth and balance.
Grassy floral aromas are aromatic but unrefined. This sparkling Chardonnay tastes of lime and wild flowers, with bitterness to the back end of the flavor profile. A sulfuric note of scrambled egg rises up on a bitter finish.
Rounded and smooth, with some Alvarinho in the blend (which explains the regional appellation), giving weight, full-bodied richness to go with bright green fruits. There is just a final touch of wood.
Structured and loaded with finesse, this stunning red opens with scents of perfumed berry, rose petal, baking spice and a balsamic note. The focused palate delivers juicy black cherry, ground pepper, anise and tobacco alongside firm but refined tannins. It has great length, closing on a mineral note. Drink 2018–2028.
Pungent and sharp, and that's exactly the style that Los Vascos has mastered in recent years. This wine tastes very much like a coastal, Casablanca Chardonnay yet it hails from Colchagua. The nose is pithy and citric, and the palate is more of the same. Good mouthfeel and fresh, but green, citrusy and too much like Sauvignon Blanc.
If you catch this before it fades, it won't be a bad little Catalunyan rosé. The nose if fresh and redolent of strawberry, cherry and pepper, while the palate is simple, narrow and tastes of plum, cherry tomato and raspberry. Clean and decent on its best day. Imported by Freixenet USA.
Difficult to appreciate now, this Pinot is bone dry, brittle in tannins and acidic. It has quietly complex rosehip tea, sour cherry candy and cola flavors, with a tasteful appliqué of oak. Hold until 2019 and see what it's doing.
92-94 Barrel sample. Ripe and surprisingly soft, the fruit rich with a touch of milk chocolate, very ripe. It is packed with generous blackberry juice flavors.
This mature varietal Petit Verdot surprises with ripe, spicy, peppery aromas of plum and blackberry. In the mouth, it is full and tannic, but not fierce or impossible to penetrate. Lightly stewed blackberry and plum flavors come with vanilla notes prior to a finish defined by prune, chocolate, pepper and vanilla flavors. Drink now.
This Reims-based cooperative's wine is fruity, with a nice mature character from aging. Its citrus and green plum fruit is balanced with soft acidity. The texture is creamy, ripe and ready to drink.
Portuguese-owned Port houses, such as Barros, have long made terrific tawnies. This version is smoky and minerally, with nuts and citrus peel. It's supple and not very sweet, with a freshness and vibrancy that belie its age. Peppery on the finish.
Dry Alsace Riesling this good at this price doesn't come along every day, so snap this one up while you can. Steely, minerally scents ally with ripe limes on the nose, then open up into richly layered waves of mineral, spice and green apple on the palate. Not rich or unctuous in texture, just nicely balanced from mineral start to long finish.
A good Sauvignon Blanc but not up to the standards set by previous vintages of Terrunyo. The nose is less exciting and pungent than it has been, with grassy, generic citrus aromas. The flavors are slightly green and vegetal, with asparagus mixing with green apple and melon. And it's more soft-sided than memory suggests it should be. Drink now.
This wine was aged 15 months sur lee in all-new French oak. The barrel aromas and flavors are in the lead, with notes of vanilla, butterscotch and spice followed by pear. It's creamy in feel but with an elegant styling.
The wine shows great richness, power and density. Wood aging has smoothed the rough edges and give an intense, firm wine, the tannins finely balanced with the black fruits.
This wine preserves the region's vital characteristics (well-ripened fruit and spice), although they've been diluted by necessity for commercial purposes, what with 28,000 cases produced. Light and soft, with delicate yet surprisingly delicious black-raspberry, smoke and cinnamon notes.
Awesomely rich, showing fine acidity and a stony minerality that ground and anchor it, but really notable for the explosive tropical fruit, apricot, pear and buttery oak flavors that are so opulent. The wine went through a complete malolactic fermentation.
An easy wine, generous in cherry, cola, spice and oak flavors. The mouthfeel is soft, and there's sweetness throughout.
This incredibly zesty and fruity bottling shows raspberry, lavender and white pepper on the nose. It's fun to sip, with snappy red fruits and hibiscus most prominent. Complexity comes from touches of rooibos tea and potpourri. It's still extremely youthful.
Clean and fruity, with light, silky tannins and nice supporting acids, this is a gentle Pinot that flatters with cherries, cola, smoke and vanilla flavors and a smooth texture. It's easy to like.
Gorgeous balsam wood and graphite aromas blend seamlessly with ripe berry and black coffee scents. It feels lively yet cushioned, tasting like a wicked brew of maple, tobacco, berry pie and fine wood shavings. This is smooth, long and comfortable on the tobacco- and resin-flavored finish. Drink now–2018.
Despite originating from Hawkes Bay on New Zealand's North Island, this could pass for Marlborough. It's not overly big or ripe, but well-rounded without losing any sense of varietal character. Hints of tomato leaf and white grapefruit linger elegantly on the finish.
With 40% new wood aging, this is a polished wine. Along with its smooth texture and juicy black fruits, it has a core of dry smoky tannins. The 53% Cabernet Sauvignon in the blend gives a fine fruity, black-currant aftertaste. Drink from 2020.
The first whiff brings a noseful of sulfur, although most of it blows off on airing. The underlying flavors are lovely, though, suggesting citrus fruits and apple, supported by crisp acidity. Finishes clean and crisp. Would score higher except for the opening smell.
This wine straddles the line between off-dry and overtly sweet. It has a pleasant flavor of orange marmalade, set off with crisp acidity.
Dusty, smoky saffron and pollen complexities accent sunny white grapefruit notes in this racy, light-footed kabinett. Its honey- and lemon-laced palate is straightforward yet refreshing, and the finish is crisp and clean. Drink now through 2019.
Oak treatment adds a caramel spice to the crisp, cirtic flavors of Roditis. The nose, sweeter and slightly headier than the un-treated version, leads into a pretty, rounded fruit profile that marries the oaky spice and lemon character well. More dimension and less lift than the average Greek white.
Pretty tough and tight now, with strong tannins and acids accentuating the dryness. Seems wrapped in smoky, earthy, animal tastes such as tobacco, leather and sage, although there's a core of black cherries. The gamble is ageability, but it's risky.
This lively, muscular, full-bodied wine ripples with smoky, meaty, peppery aromas. A thick, almost chewy texture partners with rowdy blackberry flavors and vivid tannins that will tame the rarest steak or wildest game.
Producer Maria Borio and her family have crafted an elegant Moscato d'Asti ripe with sticky white flowers, grapefruit, earthy tones, green herbs and fresh-cut grass. That green theme continues in the mouth. A delightful wine with a colorful, child-painted label, it would be great for outdoor events like picnics and barbecues. Imported by Tutto Vino.
Winemaker: Bruce Jack. A curious blend of 83% Tinta Barocca, 8.5% Barbera and 8.5% Monastrell, this is winemaker Bruce Jack's play on considering your, and his, "comfort zone." It's rich, robust and full, brimming with ripe black berries, boysenberry preserves, Baker's chocolate, tree bark, black tea and dried iris. Despite all this richness, there's remarkable freshness and mineral lift to the palate, as well as velvety tannins to lend supporting structure. Overall, it's big and bold, but balanced and promising; delicious now, but try after 2021 to see added maturity.
The mix of spice and fruit gives a ripe feel and shows good potential. With 75% Merlot, 15% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Cabernet Franc, it has a juicy backdrop boosted by wood-aging flavors. It needs to age, so drink from 2018. The estate has been in the Dop family for 150 years.
A bit of baked corn and heft to the nose quickly fades, leading to a pithy palate of grapefruit and citrus peel. The finish shows more of the same pithiness, while overall it shows o.k. citrus character but not much else.
Januik's reserve blend is 84% Cabernet Sauvignon, 14% Merlot and 2% Cabernet Franc. It's built like the Fortress of Solitude—at first impenetrable, then slowly revealing layer upon layer of deep, dark black fruits. A base of iron and stone adds further gravitas.
This is a thin and informal Prosecco with a no-fuss personality and a simple mandate to refresh the palate on a hot summer day. Citrus and honey are followed by dried sage and hay.
Oily, slightly harsh aromas are sketchy. This barrel-fermented Viura feels a bit heavy and stale, as if it's already on the way down. Bitter flavors of peach pits and citrus peel finish low on vibrancy.
Amarone Il Sestante from the Monte Masua vineyard cru delivers loads of jammy fruit with plush tones of cherry maraschino, blackberry, spice, leather and moist earth. There's a plush organic feel and the wine glides over the palate with sweet, syrupy persistency.
Briary berry and milk chocolate aromas lead to a tart, alert palate full of red berry, sour plum, vanilla and spice flavors. Juicy acidity creates a long, racy finish that brings lasting raspberry character.
While this opens with harmless aromas of lychee and tropical fruits, the palate sizzles with sharp citric acidity. Flavors of pithy grapefruit and tangerine finish grabby, tart and aggressive. This is not nearly as good as the two prior vintages.
This Cabernet Franc from Hungary has aromas of tart cherry, black plum and purple flowers. It is a medium- to full-bodied wine with flavors of tart cherry, pomegranate and cranberry juice. The tannins are soft and the finish is persistent.
Herbal, briary, spicy, earthy Pinot Noir, with some black-cherry fruit leading into a pleasantly bitter finish that features coffee and licorice nuances.
Pure strawberry aromas and flavors on this seductive wine. It has the freshest of fruit and acidity, with lighter tannins. It is a pleasure to drink already, but could age for 3–4 years.
Bigger, bolder swathes of fresh grapefruit, gooseberry and citrus distinguish the Katherine's Field from it's sister bottling, the Life Force. Fermented in stainless steel, it's a more primary, forward expression of fruit but with an equally refreshing backbone of acidity. Hints of dusty oyster shell and lime pith lend nuance to the finish. Drink now through 2019.
This shows a bit more of the herbal side of the 2011s, wrapping peppery notes around light strawberry fruit. Barrel-aged for 15 months in 44% new French oak, it's still filling in and benefits from extended breathing.
Delicate tones of crushed stone and dried apricot entice on the nose of this silken yet steely dry wine. Despite its moderate alcohol, there's a robustness on the palate marked by concentrated white peach and apricot flavors. That steely precision rings through the finish though, bolstered by a nervy streak of lemon and lime acidity.
Verdelho and Sauvignon Blanc hangs together easily on this herb-dominant wine. The texture has a creamy character, showing green fruits, lively acidity and a bright orange-zest aftertaste.
The sparkler offers measured aromas of stone fruit and spring flowers although it lacks great aromatic intensity. The wine is broad and wide in texture with few sharp points.
The exotic, earthy aspects of Pinot come out in this rich and enticing example. Aromas captivate with elements of rich fruit, toasted oak, wood smoke, forest floor and cola. The mouthfeel is broad and supple, the favors ripe, spicy and intricate, weaving together savory notes, dark fruits and exotic spices. All the layers linger on the long finish.
A complex, ageworthy wine that combines contradictions but somehow is complete and wholesome. The cool vintage shows up in the form of green olives and sweet green peas, a taste that's unusual for Oakville but one that works well alongside the more traditional black currants and sweet oak. The tannins are pure Oakville, rich, ripe and dramatically layered. Beautiful in every respect, this 100% Cab will reward cellaring. Begin popping the cork in 2018.
A brawny, hearty and inviting nose of macerated bramble and lush cherry are enhanced by sarsaparilla, leather and turned loam on this bottling from a vineyard planted in 1922. Nutmeg and kola-nut spice enliven the brightly acidic cherry, plum and strawberry fruit. Lilacs and gravel minerality ensue as well, and it all finishes tartly on plum skins.
This simple, soft wine has a ripe, chocolaty blackberry flavor. Not showing much structure, this is Malbec in name only.
Varietal scents of cut grass, grapefruit and a hint of tomato vine come forward on this vibrant white. The racy palate offers gooseberry, kiwi and a note of green bell pepper that lead up to a tangy finish.
Ripe, densely structured wine, balancing tannins, acidity and red plum and cherry fruit flavors. There's a strong mineral edge here, a wine that needs 2–3 years of aging, to round out its edges.
This cuvée is the product of a collaboration between Phelps Creek owner Bob Morus and Burgundian winemaker Alexandrine Roy. She has crafted an elegant wine with unusual nuances—hints of bacon fat and butter, lightly woven into the tart, racy pomegranate and raspberry fruit. Elegant and refined, this is as Burgundian as Oregon Pinot ever gets.
This is layered and complex, with tones of black cherry, dried apple skin, clove, white pepper and grated ginger. Like most wines from Valpolicella, it offers heat and power but mellow tannins.
Floral aromas of peach and orange blossom are offset by an oily note of citrus extract. This feels good, albeit soft, with mild acidity and chunky weight. Flavors of honey, exotic spices, burnt banana and candied mango lose steam on a friendly, soft finish. Drink through 2018.
Earthy aromas of truffle, forest floor, used leather and a funky whiff of barnyard carry over to the firm palate along with ripe black cherry, clove and a hint of game. It's on the rustic side but full of personality.
Fragrant purple flower, red berry, exotic spice, crushed herb and new leather scents set the tone in this wine. The firm palate shows cranberry, star anise and clove flavors framed by fine-grained tannins. Drink 2019–2028.
This rich, thick, concentrated wine offers big aromas, a velvety, tannic texture and ripe fruit flavors reminiscent of dried plums and blackberries. Full bodied, it shows a lot of oak influence in the strong vanilla and maple syrup aromas, as well as in the flavors.
Dark purple, juicy wine, with spice and pepper flavors from the Zweigelt. The fruit comes through as fresh blackberries touched with plums and lightly tannic. Simple, rustic and fruity. Screwcap.
Cabernet doesn't get bigger than this. It's an immense wine, explosive in blackberry, black currant, cedar and spice flavors, with immaculate Oakville tannins. Right up there with the best. Refined and exquisite on release, even without decanting, it will easily negotiate many years in the cellar.
Another successful 2011 from this winery, in fact the best of their six new Pinots. Shows the brilliant acidity and light, delicate texture of the coast, with the concentrated fruit, cola and spice flavors this esteemed vineyard is noted for. Highly complex and dry, it's delicious to drink now, and should age well for a good six years.
With careful oak aging, this bright Amarone delivers loads of fruit and spice intensity. There's depth and dimension to the mouthfeel thanks to rich padding of mature fruit, soft tannins and thick extract.
There's a tinge of caramelized sugar amid ripe yellow peach and apricots in this ripe, yet deftly balanced Riesling. Off dry in style, it has a strike of lemon-lime acidity that jolts the palate from its juicy, fruity ease. It's quaffable but equally penetrating.
Stone fruit, melon, white stone and a touch of lemon zest on the nose shape a wine with good dimension and persistency that ages on the lees for eight months. The mouthfeel is particularly attractive and skillfully achieved with an extremely soft and smooth quality. Pair it with pasta, fish, and chicken.
Fresh, clean and crisp on the palate, this easy white wine from Piedmont would pair with seafood appetizers, crab cakes or fried calamari. The bouquet shows passion fruit and citrus but the finish is sharp and zesty.
This refreshing white from Sardinia has a dried floral fragrance with a whiff of Mediterranean herbs. The palate offers creamy white peach and mineral flavors that finish crisp and clean.
Notions of ripe lemon and mandarin zest play upon nose and palate of this admirably dry Riesling, which has enough concentration to carry the riot of citrus perfectly. This refreshing, clean and bracing wine could be your rescue on a hot summer day.
From the vineyard considered the first Pinot Noir planting on the Central Coast, this wine conveys aromas of cranberry popovers sprinkled with cinnamon. The palate delivers a bit of salinity with more cranberry fruit as well as graphite, with a sour, grippy finish.
A rock-solid wine with bright currant, berry and rooty, cola-infused aromas. The mouthfeel is excellent and integrated, with earthy, savory, spicy flavors of blackberry, cherry and tea. Long and savory on the finish, with complexity. Wines like this are what make the Chilean Carignan category worth exploring. Drink now through 2012.
A luscious and elegant nose promises richness, and the flavors deliver even more than expected. The backbone of zingy acidity finds a perfect match with flavors of white peach, lime, and poached pear. Coming from a 35-year-old, 2,000-foot-high vineyard at the northeast of the Santa Cruz Mountains, this memorable wine that can tackle herb-crusted pork chops as easily as salmon, shellfish or soft cheeses.
lean, austere wine, that has dry tannins and flavors of stalky currants. It is pleasant enough, with some freshness, but there is a definite green element to it.
The oak notes are more evident here (compared to the 2005 vintage) and need a few more years to integrate with the wine's ripe, pulsing fruit. You'll get soft blackberry, spice and leather and the wine is broad and generous on the palate with soft tannins and excellent length. The blend is Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah.
My bottle started out with a funky, disagreeably cheesy odor that gradually led to a dry, spicy Pinot Noir, rich in cherry and cola flavors, and well-acidified. But that bretty smell never entirely disappeared.
A small percentage of Merlot (just 5%) is added to this bright Sangiovese di Romagna Superiore for extra softness and cherry intensity. At its essence, this is a simple and easy-going wine with short lived tones of tar, licorice, tea leaf and easy berry flavors.
This bright rosé made with Negroamaro and Malvasia offers aromas of raspberry, cranberry and almond paste. It is balanced and elegant and offers good density in the mouth. The wine delivers everything you should expect from an easy-drinking rosé.
Sure, this wine is full bodied and lush, filled with ripe raspberry fruit, but there is also a sense of underlying structure, and some lovely herb-spice complexities, like rhubarb, cedar, cinnamon, vanilla and cracked pepper. Drink it over the next 2–3 years.
The wine opens with aromas of oak, toast, coffee, black fruit and spearmint. The palate offers black currants, sour cherry, espresso and mint alongside dusty, drying tannins. Reflecting the vintage, this young Brunello is already accessible, so drink 2015–2019.
Earthy, gamy aromas of blackberry and other berry fruits are meaty and sauvage. This Carmenère rings with acidity, lending a sense of raciness to the palate. Flavors of currant and plum are tart but also buttery, while an oak-infused finish is long lasting.
Dried herb aromas are at the fore, along with notes of flowers and red fruit. The palate is full of medium-bodied fruit and savory flavors that bring a lightly tacky lip-smacking feel. It's hard to place it as Grenache exactly but it brings enjoyment all the same.
Crisp and dry, a minerally wine with earthy, citrus flavors and a firm structure. For a little richness, there's a streak of peach on the finish.
Powerful tannins and a firm, dry mouthfeel suggest long aging may be needed for this wine to drink well. It has a hearty dose of ripe cherry and tart cranberry fruit, held tightly in check by its structure. Try after 2020.
Too much scrambled egg and burnt, gaseous notes on the nose. Spritzy on the palate, with oak and banana flavors. Barely acceptable.
This wine is equal parts Syrah and Merlot (43% each), with the balance a smattering of other varieties. The coffee and berry aromas seem faint while the palate delivers all of the plush fruit flavors this vintage has to offer.
With some wood aging, this limited-production wine comes from 45-year-old vines. It balances the lightly spicy wood flavors with crisp citrus fruits. The wine is still young, still fully integrating and will be much better from 2017.
Hints of jalapeño and bell pepper run alongside lime and apple aromas, while this feels secure. Lemon, apple and a dash of briny salt fill out the flavor profile, while this finishes similarly, with firm acidity.
Luminous and bright, this sophisticated dessert wine from northeast Italy offers abundant and generous tones of peach, honey and maple syrup. The wine is extremely lively and cheerful and ends with a zesty touch of acidity.
Grassy and herbal-smelling, but there's also lots of grapefruit and nectarines to provide a fruity counterbalance. Light in weight, with a hint of unreleased CO2 to provide additional freshness, this is a mouthwatering summer refresher. Imported by Frederick Wildman and Sons, Ltd.
Somewhat disjointed flavors mix subtle red fruits with cracker, licorice and coffee. So far the components have not smoothed out. It's a flavor jumble.
Big, floral, ripe and juicy, this epitomizes the richness of the 2009 vintage. It offers firm tannins and generous, forward fruits.
What a great success. Oozes with blackcurrant jam and cassis and a dash of black pepper. Flamboyant oak adds a perfume of vanilla and smoke. Fleshy, long and full, this beautiful wine is not a monster, but it coats the palate with spicy flavors that epitomize class and style.
Some bottle age gives a toasty character to the ripe fruit and lively acidity, adding extra complexity to this rich wine. The citrus and apple acidity are woven together in a tight, mature structure.
The headquarters of Bordeaux négociant Barton & Guestier has produced a soft, ready-to-drink wine. It's attractive, ripe and rich, and it's full of juicy blackberry fruit. Drink now.
Rounded, soft and smoothly creamy, this is a ripe wine dominated by Pinot Meunier. It's an open wine, fruity and ready to drink.
The vineyards of the beautiful medieval chateau of d'Agassac have produced a firmly structured, fruity, black-currant-flavored wine. It's fragrant and packed with acidity, boasting tannins that suggest aging over many years.
Medium to full in body and off-dry in style, this remains bright and refreshing on the finish thanks to vibrant acidity. Honeycomb aromas give way on the palate to hints of apple, pear, peach and citrus, yet hold onto a savory edge.
Oak dominates with toast and caramel notes. Underneath is a simple little raspberry-flavored Pinot that's dry and crisp in acidity.
There's something enticing but atypical to this wine that was received by our tasting panel with varying degrees of enthusiasm. Hints of barnyard or horsiness preface fruity black cherry, herbal or grassy notes, chocolate and plum. Firmly tannic with spice over a long finish.
This is a lush wine. It's 95% Cabernet, with a few drops of Cab Franc, Merlot and Petit Verdot. Distinctly Californian in the softness of tannins and low acidity, it's ready to drink now. The waves of cassis and notes of licorice, cola and new oak impress with their richness. However, this is the leanest Rubicon in years, missing the qualities of greatness. Drink now. 5,244 cases produced.
This is a rich, succulent wine, more akin to an auslese than a true spätlese. Dried apricot and orange marmalade aromas and flavors surround a core of dried spices and crushed stone, finishing on a spicy, mineral note. Drink now–2025.
This ripasso offers broad, slightly flat notes of old spice, dusty mineral, fruit preserves and maple syrup. It's definitely an older, more austere style with a tight, firm base of candied fruit. Pair it with meat or pasta. Imported by Bedford International.
Made from 100% Chardonnay, this sparkler is just delicious, a versatile wine to have by itself, with savories, sushi or the most elegant meals. Crisp and balanced, it has rich flavors of pineapples, peach jam, brioche and vanilla, with a smoky edge.
This wine opens with aromas that recall burned tire rubber, asphalt, coffee bean and eucalyptus. The palate offers jumbled sensations of sweet, mature plum, blackberry and powdered sage alongside green, astringent tannins that generate a bitter close.
Here's a refreshing white that offers wispy aromas of white flower and stone fruit. The palate is more expressive thanks to green apple, nectarine, fresh herb and bitter almond. Bracing acidity gives it a vibrant, focused feel.
A bit hot in alcohol, but rich and peppery, with flavors of roasted blackberries, cherry liqueur, chocolate and anise. Good with barbecue.
Better than many more expensive wines, this wine delivers a solid package without trying to do too much. Toast and vanilla accompany white stone fruit aromas and flavors, while the palate is round, with just the right amount of acidity. Imported by USA Wine Imports.
Light in color and body, this wine takes its delicacy seriously, holding back on the fruit and spice to feature woody, herbal characteristics and a slim body.
This has bright raspberry and almost-sweet blackberry flavors, full body, moderate tannins and a long warm finish. It tastes polished, soft and satiny smooth.
Light in color for a Cabernet, this conveys black currant, fresh blackberries and coffee. It's a bit thin in the middle but remains pleasant and straightforward on the edges.
Sweet but not too sweet for some entrées, such as spicy Thai food, this brings a fruity mix of pear, pineapple and orange-creamsickle flavors. It's smooth and soft, not at all sugary, and framed with fresh acids.
Made in a leaner, crisper style than many Chards nowadays, this Chardonnay trades power for elegance. It's almost like a Sauvignon Blanc, with citrusy acids framing flavors of limes, pineapples and green apples that have a minerally edge. New French oak adds just the right touch of richness.
French oak, coconut, cassis, menthol and coffee aromas lead the nose of this structured red. Made entirely from Merlot, it's densely concentrated, offering mature plum, black currant, dried sage, anise and espresso flavors. Firm, close-grained tannins give the finish grip. Drink 2018–2025.
Smoky aromas lead to a firmly tannic wine. It feels heavily extracted, giving a bitterness to the texture, while adding bitter chocolate to the black berry flavor.
A fascinating Malbec, with 14% Syrah in the blend, that seems earthy, herbal and tannic at first, but then sweeps across the palate with deliciously sweet blackberry fruit. The berry flavors are pure and perfectly ripe, but not yet completely integrated with the earthier elements. Give this one some extra bottle age.
Clearly a winner, a wine that shows its terroir in the mineral, slate, vanilla and cotton candy aromas. The flavor is hard to describe, sort of a mix of tapioca, rasberry puree and gunflint. Very acidic and crisp, with a long, firm and steely finish that cries out for rich, complex foods.
The cool 2011 growing season seems to have presented a ripeness issue for this Merlot, which includes a healthy dollop of Cabernet Sauvignon along with Syrah and Cabernet Franc. It leans far into the green with notes of jalapeño, bell pepper and herbs backed by chalky tannins.
While fresh lemon and lime notes are invigorating, there's a slightly savory tone to this dry Riesling suggesting hints of grain and milled corn. Its spry light-bodied style is thirst quenching, however, and the finish wraps up brisk and clean. Drink now through 2018.
Earthy tones of warm leather and spice set the stage for this easy-going Cabernet Sauvignon from Sicily. Pair it with everyday dinners or pasta.
A little raisiny, but it's also very nice for a sun-drenched Tempranillo that's deep, lush, extracted and ready to drink. Flavors of brown sugar, spice and sweet blackberry are ready, while the finish offers fudge and more brown sugar. Doesn't have a long follow-through but it's still a dandy modern wine for the near term.
Starts with aromas of minerals, pear and apple, and on the palate, offers an elegant balance of taut acidity and rounded honey flavors. Refreshing but rich. An appealing white with a unique character.
Compact cherry, plum and cassis aromas are nice. In the mouth, this is ruled by snappy edgy acidity. Flavors that match the nose finish raw, with blazing residual acidity. There's probably no limit to how long this Graciano will last; drink through 2030.
Cassis and cherry aromas are raw and scratchy, but they are also pure and racy. This blend of Merlot and Cab Franc is choppy and fresh in feel, with jumpy acids propping up red currant, plum and raspberry flavors that come with oak-based vanilla. An earthy tasting, rough feeling finish is the closing act.
A profusion of green Conference pears and refreshing spritz make this crisp and pale white ideal for a summer party.
A fine value, this tart young wine opens with cranberry, raspberry and cocoa flavors. It's graceful, flavorful and already drinking well but should continue to give pleasure over the next five years.
Named after the King of France who was crowned in Reims cathedral by Joan of Arc in 1429, this cuvée with its rounded toast and yeast flavors is attractively mature and soft. It has baked-apple flavors and a ripe, perfumed texture. The acidity at the end is gentle and rich.
Ripe heady aromas of black cherry, licorice and fir tree are lightly herbal, foresty and on the money. This feels tight as a box of nails, with firm tannins. Black plum, black cherry, blackberry and peppery flavors finish toasty and dark. This has a lot of life left in it. Drink through 2024.
Aromas of toast, oak, dark berry and roasted coffee beans lead the way on this full-bodied red. The ripe, solid palate offers baked black cherry, vanilla, mocha and espresso alongside bracing, astringent tannins.
What a great price for a Chardonnay this balanced and savory. It's bright in acidity, with keen flavors of limes, oranges, tropical fruits and vanilla, and just a touch of buttered toast. Easy to find, with a production of 6,000 cases.
Delicate aromas of toast, hazelnut, yellow wild flower and candied citrus zest lead the nose. The subdued, rather lean palate shows yellow apple skin, toast, butterscotch and raw almond alongside bright acidity. A coffee note marks the close. It doesn't have much fruit richness so enjoy soon.
Aromas of herb, cedar, mushroom, anise and cherry are reserved on this Cabernet Sauvignon-dominant blend. It's supple in feel, with well-balanced dark-fruit flavors and tart acidity that draws out the finish.
This elegant sparkler opens with alluring aromas of fragrant jasmine, wisteria and white peach. Thanks to 80-year old vines, the linear palate has both finesse and concentration, offering ripe yellow apple, Bartlett pear, energizing mineral tones and a saline note alongside a creamy mousse.
Black cherry, orange oil, fruitcake and vanilla wafer notes lead onto the medium-full palate, which takes on a slight edge of desiccated black fruit. This blend of Cabernet Franc, Petit Verdot, Tannat and Chambourcin has sturdy tannins and a finish of medium length.
This exudes classic Chardonnay richness. Pure and heady, it explodes with tropical fruit and orange essences, with buttered toast and vanilla flavors from oak barrels and lees contact. Zesty Russian River acidity kicks in to provide perfect balance. The creaminess is delicious, suggesting shellfish in a buttery sauce.
A soft, warm textured wine. Its fresh citrus, red apples and orange zest act as a foil to the full-bodied structure. At the end, it's all lightness and freshness.
Orange rind and Chinese spices make for an intriguing opener but the palate falls flat, with little to offer but a few simple lemon and lime flavors. Short finish.
Made up of 82% Cabernet Sauvignon, 15% Malbec and 3% Petit Verdot, this is a still-tight expression of raspberry and cassis that veers into graphite and cedar, earthy on the back palate. Shining in Rutherford's classic dustiness, this wine can develop further in the bottle and in the glass, so let it open.
This Riesling has a zingy but complex character, starting with the pear, lemon and vanilla on the nose and the honey, apricot and lemon on the palate. It's elegant but easy drinking, and a great accompaniment to richer ethnic cuisine.
Fruit and spice star in this bone-dry Cabernet. It's very forward in blackberries, cherries, currants and dark chocolate, while the spice shows in the form of pepper, clove and star anise. The tannins are quite strong and rasping, and may never fully resolve. Give it 3–5 years in the cellar.
While the nose on this sweetie isn't deep, it's lush, inviting and peachy as they come. The palate feels fresh and straightforward, and the flavor profile blends tropical fruit flavors with spice and honey accents. Overall this seems natural, easygoing and expressive.
Textbook RRV Pinot Noir, a red wine for Cab and Merlot lovers who want to graduate to this great grape. Dry and full-bodied, it actually has some pronounced tannins, with currant and bitter cherry skin flavors and darker, complex notes of pine sap, balsamic and black pepper.
The nose gives away very little. The palate has exquisite lightness, with a fine spray of tender spritz that accentuates the slight white-pepper notes. Lemon and green pear shimmer through. This is light but refreshing, with a clean, spicy lemon finish.
Attractive, wood and yellow fruit laden wine. It's soft, rounded with bright acidity and a spicy character. It's wood probably needs to soften over the next few months.
Very rich and smooth in texture, like pure velvet, this Bordeaux-style blend has lots of tannins that are soft, ripe and easy. It offers extraordinary waves of blackberry, black currant, dark chocolate and caramelized oak flavors. Drink soon for maximum enjoyment.
Cedar plank-grilled meat and herbal accents jazz up the heady black fruit core of this wine. Rich and dark, flavors of black berry, plum flesh, cigar box, licorice and pepper dance in the mouth and stay through the solid finish. Fine but firm tannins provide structure and texture, and the wine, though delicious now, should age nicely through 2014.
Intensely perfumed, this wine is also structured and fresh. Combining these elements gives a dense wine, firmly textured and with a dry core. Acidity gives the natural richness lift. It's meant for aging, drink from 2017.
Not that expressive on the nose, but does offer some lightly floral aromas and hints of cinnamon and mushroom. On the palate, there's more: black cherries, dried spices and cocoa flavors carried on a velvety mouthfeel and moderate weight. Picks up some briary complexity on the firm finish.
There is lightweight, fresh fruit, flavors of crisp apples and grapefruit, along with a refreshing touch of acidity. The only downside is that it seems unfocussed in its fruit flavors
A creative, dry-farmed blend of 47% Grenache, 40% Petite Sirah and 13% Zinfandel, this bottling shows dense sagebrush, cedar, sandalwood, pine and black gravel on the dark, shrubby nose. The palate offers olallieberries with a woody twist of dried rosemary and oregano, as well as dried orange-rind tartness.
Byzance is a southern Rhône blend, but quite different in 2004 from the 2003. Here Grenache is more than half the blend, Syrah and Mourvèdre making up the rest. Fragrant and laden with plummy, smoky, woodsy aromas, this seductive wine offers myriad pleasures, not the least of which are its floral underpinnings. Fresh red apples, tart berries, blue plums and more open out with engaging complexity. The oak (20% new) is just right.
This savory selection offers a spicy bouquet of black pepper, nutmeg and clove, along with blackberry and cherry notes. It has a refined and vibrant palate, with black cherry, pepper and spice notes framed by silky tannins and refreshing acidity.
This is a steely, crisp, mineral wine, with lemon and orange zest flavors, piercingly fresh acidity and a touch of cinnamon. Glass stopper.
A nose of cut herbs and just-mown grass backed by notes of white peach barely prepares the taste buds for full-on citrus flavors of lemon, grapefruit and orange peel. It is bright and zesty on the palate, and the finish offers an unexpected but pleasant jolt of eucalyptus.
Dijon clone again. This has just the vaguest hint of onion, but otherwise is much improved over this property's '99. There is good, juicy, crisp fruit mixing apple/apricot and light citrus. Balanced acids and a well integrated middle that leads into a somewhat hot, stiff finish. Young and edgy, but well made.
Strawberry and pink grapefruit aromas mingle enticingly on the nose. But on the palate it seems a bit syrupy and heavy, finishing with a touch of cola.
Here's a Nebbiolo-based Roero with dark concentration and rich aromas of spice, blackberry, earth and loads of perfumed church incense. It's prickly fresh in the mouth with a bitter, tannic close.
This is a good everyday red wine, clean and with some richness. It's full-bodied, with blackberry-cherry and earth flavors, and a pretty finish of currants..
Wildly expressive aromas include maple syrup-laced chamomile tea, root beer extract, wild raspberry and menthol. The palate continues the excellent array: red fruits with oregano, thyme, even basil, some sanguine flavors, some coffee. It would be a perfect companion to roasted pork or turkey, or anything that needs some extra spice.
This is pure Merlot from the StoneTree vineyard in the Wahluke Slope AVA. It's been aged almost two years in new French oak barrels, and has the delicious mix of fruit and barrel flavors to prove it. Supple, succulent, smooth and spicy, it's a showcase for cherry and cassis fruit, accented with pungent, almost piney herb. Excellent texture and mass shows good winemaking.
While its forward, fruity aromas are inviting, intensely candied notes of cherry cough syrup and strawberry jello lend a confected feel to this Syrah. The palate is sharp and thin, with a modest finish.
The fruit on this drily complex Chardonnay is starting to fall out, giving an herb, cashew nut edge to the pineapples, tangerines and apricots. The wine retains its sweet coating of buttered toast and vanilla honey. Will continue to dry and become earthier over the next several years.
Well balanced and forward, with a supple mouthfeel, this pleasant Merlot shows cherry, toffee and herbal aromas. The mouth offers good fruit with more cherry flavor, tobacco and green olive accents. It's easy to enjoy and drinks well right now.
Intense aromas of pressed red roses, cinnamon and mature Moscato grapes lead the way on this lively dessert wine. The silky palate combines strawberries, fleshy raspberries, candied orange zest and a hint of cake spice. Smooth and elegant, it boasts refreshing acidity that offsets the sweetness.
This Tempranillo and Cabernet Sauvignon blend has rich blackberry, cherry, currant, licorice and sandalwood flavors. It's dry and quite acidic, with a tart, clean mouthfeel and a silky texture. Drink now.
Breathtaking scents of white peach and blossom introduce this pristinely peachy wine. It's invigoratingly fresh, laced by a gossamer fringe of sweetness and vivacious lemon-lime acidity that lingers on and on. Delicately textured yet deeply penetrating.
This is a very expressive interpretation of Morellino with ripe fruit flavors and good intensity. You'll recognize aromas of bright cherry, spice, vanilla and cinnamon. The wine is extremely chewy and succulent in the mouth.
Aromas of grilled herb, French oak, sage and a balsamic note lead the nose while the firm palate shows tart red cherry, licorice and toasted notes. It's still tightly wound, with bracing, astringent tannins. Give the tannins a few years to unfurl then drink up.
Friendly and fruity, made for everyday consumption, showing spice, red cherries and a flavor of minerality that manifests itself in the acidity. Partial aging in older barrels has softened the pure intensity of the fruit, but without adding wood flavors.
Somewhat weedy on the nose; then shows a lot of overripe cherries on the palate, along with baking spices like clove and cinnamon. Soft and pleasantly chewy.
Cantina Terlano delivers textbook Pinot Grigio that is fruity, fragrant and creamy smooth in the mouth without ever appearing heavy or flat. You'll get aromas of yellow fruit, mature lemon and natural rubber with sweet peach flavors in the mouth.
A beautifully exuberant mountain Zin. There's nothing shy or reserved about its power blast of wild briary berries, currants, chocolate and peppery spice flavors. Deliciously complex and distinctly Zinny.
92-94 Juicy black fruits, very ripe berries, powered by the darkest tannins. The wine has richness, weight and immense structure.
A glass of this fruity, slightly off-dry wine at the cocktail hour will wake your palate up and make it sing for whatever follows. It's hard to imagine prettier flavors of peaches, apricots and strawberries, sprinkled with dusty brown spices. The sugar isn't high enough to make it overtly sweet, and the acidity keeps things crisp and lively.
This is a pleasant fruity wine in a bottle that is too heavy for its attractively light and soft contents. There are red berry fruits followed by rounded tannins and layers of ripe fruits. Drink now.
This wine displays assorted aromas of berry, plum, licorice, raspberry and smoked meat, searching for a bit more clarity but still providing plenty of intrigue. It's soft and sumptuous in feel with a pleasing texture and a tart finish.
Very strongly flavored, very big and powerful in both oak and fruit. Beringer aims for the fences with this massive Chard, which erupts with tropical fruit, ripe pear, baked pastry crust, buttered toast, mineral and cinnamon spice flavors. Not for the faint-hearted, but it's sheer decadence.
Ripe, rich and fruity, with an acidic tang to the cherry and raspberry fruit. A little simple in sour candy tastes, but likeable for dryiness and acidity. Give it a good decant, or try cellaring.
An interesting and very delicious Syrah that shows what Paso can do when it really tries. It's soft in acids, but rich and firm in tannins, offering ripe layers of blackberries, chocolate, violets, anise, cedar and tons of black pepper. Fine now, and should develop over the next 3–4 years.
Bold fruits dominate this ripe wine. As an estate under the guidance of Hubert de Boüard of Château Angélus, it has made enormous progress. Big tannins are enveloped in the ripe fruit to give a wine that is sumptuous and rich. Drink from 2023.
Here's a deeply flavored, lusty young Zin that really shows off the variety's briary personality, even though it hails from three different counties. Very rich in blackberries, mulberries and currants, it's enormously spicy. Thoroughly enjoyable with barbecue and Mexican fare, like beef tacos.
Related to Syrah, Mondeuse is one of the main red grapes in the Savoie region. This light, fruity wine is typical of the style, with its tight acidity, attractive red fruit and touch of pepper at the end. Ready to drink.
Tenuta Alzatura is part of the Cecchi Family Estates (well-known producers in Tuscany), and its foray into Umbria has added depth and variety to an already rich portfolio of wines. The Sagrantino grape shows impressive smoothness, firmness and bright aromas of chocolate, dark cherry and spice.
Ripe yellow fruit, some apples and a concentrated midpalate present a versatile all-rounder: it's fresh and medium-bodied and has that varietally typical heft of Rotgipfler that gives so much mouthfeel.
This flowery, perfumed wine is full of red currants and berries that balance a solid, dry element. With the potential of rounding out and becoming rich as well as structured, it should be cellared. Drink from 2017.
A heavily charred opening emphasizes surface-level oak and baking spices more than fruit. A heavy, jabbing, grabby palate tastes herbal, with stewed berry and prune flavors. A burnt-oak flavor and severe tannins are found on the finish of this muscled-up Tempranillo. Drink through 2020.
This Rhône blend from the fashionable west side of Paso Robles is made in the modern cult style. It's very dark in color, full-bodied and glyceriney in the mouth, and delivers a thermonuclear blast of fruit and oak. Among the flavors are roasted blackberries, cassis, melted milk chocolate, anise, cotton candy, vanilla custard, crème brûlée and cinnamon spice. Not exactly your classically dry table wine. Drink now.
Head-trained, century-old vines, provide intense scents with old vine herbal, herbaceous accents. Watermelon, hay and strawberries, intensely extracted and 17.5% alcohol. This is over-the-top winemaking, with powerful old vine fruit, and a big, extracted finish, with lingering toasty, hazelnut and vanilla highlights.
Another stellar effort from this terrific new winery. Luscious aromas—stone fruits, candy, wax, peel, honey, cumin, allspice—it just keeps on going. Firm in the mouth, with the same exotic and refined blend of interesting spices and fruits. A tour de force.
Aromas of black-olive juice, animal hide and seashell fail to offer much fruit, even with swirling. A tough palate shows no clear point of entry, while herbal black-fruit flavors draw in rather than expand on the finish. This is a Syrah-led blend with Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Graciano, aka Tintilla de Rota. It hails from Cádiz.
This opens with attractive floral sensations reminiscent of white spring flowers. Pear, apple and pineapple flavors are all present, along with a bare hint of mineral. There's no complexity here but it's fresh and lively.
This is a contemplative blend of Merlot and Sangiovese, the latter being an atypical grape for the region. Using the winery's trademarked Nellaserra greenhouse system, this wine has found warmer-climate ripeness in the cool climes of northern Michigan. Blending characteristics of both grapes, black raspberry, cherry and plum meet savory herb and game tones on the nose and palate. Round in feel and nicely balanced, think of this as a softer, Americanized Super Tuscan.
Alluring aromas of ripe black-skinned fruit, cooking spice, eucalyptus and a whiff of game emerge on this full-bodied, earthy wine. The palate demonstrates structure and elegance, delivering mature black cherry marinated in spirits, licorice, pipe tobacco, clove and balsamic notes alongside firm, velvety tannins. While this is already almost accessible it will offer years of drinking pleasure.
Rich, savory and seemingly slightly sweet, this Chardonnay has acidity that provides balance to the rich flavors of tangerines, golden mangoes, limes and honey. Drink this with Chinese or Vietnamese fare.
This wine's dried flower and dark chocolate aromas emerge in the glass, with brambly berry notes in tow. A well-structured effort, it tastes of tart raspberry and cherry fruit with darker streaks of anise and espresso. The tannins, though proportionate, are a touch green.
Golden in color, this wine opens with a decadent nose of baked apple and raisin bread, and the sweetness of vanilla oak. Full bodied and round on the palate, it balances the richness and concentration with lengthy acidity on the finish.
Aromas of tilled soil, blue flower, spicy plum cake and a balsamic note waft out of the glass. The structured but refined palate delivers mature blackberry, prune, menthol and allspice alongside bracing but fine-grained tannins. The lingering finish closes on a licorice note. Drink 2016–2024.
Perfectly ready to drink, this full-bodied red, a blend of Aragonez, Trincadeira, Alfrocheiro and Castelão, is rich and spicy, packed with baked plum and layered with tannins. It tastes concentrated and solidly ripe.
Sweet in blackberry, blueberry marmalade and cassis flavors, this has notable acidity that provides a scouring mouthfeel. It's a bit rustic now, especially with its jagged tannins, but the finish is dry and long. Sometimes these wines mellow and age well, but this one doesn't seem destined to benefit from cellaring.
This attractive, ripe, yellow- and white-fruited wine achieves a fine balance between acidity and full herbaceous-fruit flavors. It has a crisp texture and a touch of minerality. The finish is bright and lively.
With ripe fruits and solid tannins, this is going to be a rich wine. It has plenty of acidity to balance this richness. At the same time, the tannins are going to allow it to age well. Drink from 2023.
Green, young and firm, this wine is developing slowly. But it's obviously going to be a fine wine, with its mineral, steely character, intense dryness and flavors of ripe pears.
Only slight notions of fruit appear on the nose. The palate is softly fruited with ripe pear and tart apple, achieving a beautiful, unobtrusive and quiet balance. This wine may be quiet and understated but it has honesty and a supple drinkability that makes you want more. Subtle notes of orange peel become more convincing with every sip.
The relatively unknown Pezerolles Vineyard is at the far northern end of Pommard, touching Beaune above Les Epenots. It produces wine that seems softer than many Pommards, with rich fruit, the tannins firm but definitely playing second fiddle. It is the smoky plum fruit with just a dash of acidity that makes this immensely pleasing.
Fragrant tropical fruit flavors waft from the nose, but the palate is more understated, relying on mineral and chalk notes for flavor and texture. A simple, good choice whenever chicken breast is on the menu. Imported by Orientale Imports LLC.
Bright, brambly berry and forest floor notes open this bouquet of this 80-20 Nergroamaro and Malvasia Nera blend. Touches of cherry and sun-ripened prune also make an appearance, especially on the finish.
Another of the producer's single-vineyard designates, estate-farmed, this is mushroomy and rich in forest floor, with a juicy-savory complement of spicy acidity and stemmy, tart fruit.
Balanced and dry, here's a Zin you can have with elegant food. It's dry, and the alcohol is below 14%. The berry and spice flavors are juicy. Good value in a Zin.
Pressed rose, slightly dusty mineral shadings, spice and black fruit make up the bouquet of this elegant, harmonious wine. This expression is astringent and firm, with bright acidity and a solid tannic backbone. Let it soften with more cellar aging.
You'll find a silky elegance in this robust blend of Syrah, Petit Verdot and Malbec. The palate is robust with flavors of raspberry, cola, persimmon and baking spice, along with big, brawny tannins.
An unusual blend of Primitivo, Barbera, Nebbiolo and Cabernet Sauvignon, this wine displays light aromas of raspberries, cherries and herbs that take some time to tease out. The fruit flavors are ripe and ample, with bright, tart acidity providing the frame. Pair it with food to see it at its best.
This is the winery's small-production, high-end Chardonnay, which shows the brilliant essence of Edna Valley. Few Chardonnays in the state are this streamlined, low in alcohol, crisp and minerally. An accomplishment in this day and age of fat, oaky bottlings, this has a steely taste that is relieved by subtle hints of lime, vanilla and buttered toast. Only 600 cases were produced.
Honeysuckle, chamomile, pear and passion fruit aromas meld together in the glass. The palate offers pear, apricot, nectarine peel and a touch of tropical fruit alongside brisk acidity. It closes on an almond note.
The 2009 Lewis Merlot is in peak form—a dark, smoky, dare we say 'brooding' wine with generous swatches of cassis, espresso, cacao, licorice and sandalwood. It glides into a silky, seamless, sexy finish, lingering generously for a minute or more.
Firm and very dry, it has hard, extracted tannins and a tough structure, not showing a sign of fruit.
A rich, wood-aged wine, its high proportion of Sémillon gives it a full and creamy character. Apples mingle with white plums, spicy quince and fresh rhubarb. Already delicious, it should age. Drink from 2016.
This is the winery's reserve, a lot and barrel selection. Nicely layered, it rolls through strawberry, raspberry, light chocolate and sandalwood, tosses in a hint of cola, and smooths out through a medium-long finish. Nothing is heavy-handed, though in this excellent vintage a bit more concentration would be welcome.
Smoky leaf tobacco aromas are typical of young Cabernet Franc. And this wine, aged only in tank, is certainly much too young. It's full of brittle tannins and acidity that needs to soften. Wait until late 2015 before drinking.
Opens in good form, with aromas of blackberry, rubber and earth. Feels a touch chunky and heavy, but it's easygoing and offers full flavors of berry fruits, rubber, hoisin sauce and fig. Finishes smooth and round; drink now.
This is a big wine, but it shows considerable finesse. Pours inky black, and explodes in mulberry, cassis, coffee and herb flavors that are very dry. The tannins are chewy, suggesting either aging through the decade, or something rib-sticking, like short ribs.
This is a mellow, richly fruity wine that feels smooth, is lightly tannic, and has full body and ripe raisin and black plum flavors. It flts the bill when you want a concentrated but easy-going wine.
A gorgeous wine, lush and refined from the first sniff to the last swallow. Rose petals, cotton candy, chocolate-covered cherries—it's a date in a bottle. As the wine rolls across the palate it seems to gain depth and detail, while keeping the exceptionally pretty fruit flavors front and center. Silky and lightly spicy, with cinnamon, toast, mocha and tobacco highlights.
Rose, iris, dark-skinned berry, forest floor and a whiff of cake spice lead the way on this full-bodied red. The firmly structured palate shows crushed raspberry, juicy Marasca cherry, star anise and a hint of clove while fresh acidity and big chewy tannins provide support. Drink 2019–2027.
Underripe black currant and elderberry aromas mix with campfire, cedar and roasted beef on the nose of this wine. Black cherry and crushed pencils show on the palate, which is framed by impressive tannins and a chalky mouthfeel.
Concentrated blackberry and blueberry flavors are lifted by hints of fennel and smoke on the nose of this bottling. The first impression on the palate is thick cherry syrup, but a definitive structure and prominent acidity emerge to brighten the experience.
Despite having tons of oaky aromas of coconut and vanilla, it's delicious, balanced and rich, with a graphite element. The full but smooth tannins carry the thick berry and plum flavors, which help absorb the generous oak like a sponge. Drink now–2016.
A touch of French oak brings a honeyed, vanilla smokiness to this wine, but the star really is the fruit. It's rich and forward with pineapples, peaches and mangoes, and made brilliant by crisp acidity. This is a good price for a Chardonnnay of this quality.
Kicks off with lovely herbal, floral and spice elements, creating an intriguing bouquet, then adds bass notes of flavor—cherries and chocolate. Finishes well, picking up hints of cola. Imported by Via Pacifica Imports.
Fairly intense aromas of jammy black and red fruit: plums, blackberries and cassis, with notes of coffee and vanilla. On the palate, this is warm, with lots of sweet baking spices and baked black fruit. Fairly simple with a slightly syrupy texture and a warm, spicy finish.
Finished with a little oak, this Chardonnay features buttered toast and vanilla flavors on top of the pineapple, tropical fruit and sweet honey notes. It's a nice, stylishly rich wine to drink now.
You've got to like oak to appreciate this wine, which is presently dominated by scents of vanilla, mocha and toasted coconut. It's full bodied and velvety in texture, with hints of black cherry lurking in the background.
This has simple, creamy fruit, with a touch of almonds and soft, ripe, flavors. There's pears and fresh fruit salad on the palate, and some sweetness in the aftertaste.
Tight and crisp, it has a mineral character. Nervy acidity combines with lemon and apple skin flavors, giving a fresh, textured wine. Drink from 2015.
This Monastrell-led blend smells like a pot of baked beans. A compact body is solid in the center but scratchy on the edges. Toasty, briary black-fruit flavors are herbal, and the wine tastes peppery and like tomato and oregano on the finish. Drink through 2021.
This opens with aromas of blue iris, plum and menthol. On the palate, subtle notes of sage, toast and coffee accent a core of fleshy black cherry. It still has tightly wound, drying tannins that need to unwind but it's rather shy on fresh acidity so best to enjoy soon.
This robust Amarone has an earthy fragrance of underbrush, mushroom and tobacco leaf along with plum and spice notes. The dense, delicious palate offers rich black cherry, ripe raspberry, cinnamon and vanilla. It's concentrated, with a velvety texture.
Light cinnamon and sugar aromas, and fresh, fruity and lightly sweet flavors make this wine easy on the palate. The texture is soft.
This sweet spätlese displays some rather funky, sweaty aromas, but also ample apple and citrus fruit, and the resulting combination is both likable and complex. The crisp, green-apple finish fades a bit quickly, but this is a pleasant warm-weather sipper.
Bright and herbaceous the wine is on the cusp between cool, fresh flavors and more tropical richness. It has a perfumed character, bright and crisp citrus and warmer apricot fruits. Drink now.
Aptly named, for the oak influence here is strong—a dusty woodiness that's almost cedary. Fortunately, it's well integrated with the full-bodied cherry fruit. Finishes dry, but soft and ripe. —J.C.
Opens with a blast of white pepper, blackberries and cigar box, and quickly turns rich, dense and fruity in the mouth. Backed up by substantial but fine tannins, this Syrah is dry, with blackberry, plum, coffee and spice flavors. It's as good as Syrahs costing two and even three times as much.
89-91 Barrel sample. A rounded wine, packed with rich fruits, feeling generous. The plum and damson juice flavors are dominant, ripe and powerful.
Herbal aromas infiltrate the nose, and the palate features midlevel red fruit with a strong herbal edge. The finish shows saline, chocolate and pepper, and never does it rise much above struggling.
This is a solid, all-purpose Chardonnay, a bit less oaky and oily than some previous efforts from Gordon, but showing firm, clean, ripe apple and pear fruit. The wine is balanced and smooth, delivering plenty of no-frills fruit flavor for the price.
This ripasso delivers an interesting combination of cola and root beer, fresh fruit and toasted oak. Spice, mature berry fruit, leather and pipe tobacco come together well and flavor the wine's persistent finish. Pair this wine with Tandoori meat dishes. Imported by Montecastelli Selections.
Negroamaro is a signature grape of the Salento in Italy's deep south. The variety's natural fruitiness and freshness can stand up to the strong sunshine and heat of the region. This expression offers an especially bold and fleshy interpretation with lingering flavors of cherry, spice and mild tobacco.
This must be one of the most familiar nonvintage Champagnes, so it's good to be able to report that it is much improved. The dosage has been lowered, and there is considerable freshness, crispness with apple and toast. It is full-bodied but well balanced.
89-91 Smooth, opulent with tannins firmly buried in the sweet acidity. Black plum juice flavors go with the ripe fruits and just a touch of spice.
Made entirely from Pinot Noir from the heartland of Burgundy, this wine has an attractive light-pink color. The taste is very delicate—red currants and crisp raspberries, with just a touch of softness—but leaves a fresh, uplifting taste. Imported by Boisset America.
The ripe fruit of this vintage is right up front in this strawberry and spice-flavored wine. With a texture that adds a touch of tannin to the fruitiness, it is smooth and round. Drink this aromatic wine from 2018.
Heavily smoked, with a grassy undercurrent to the nose. Seems to be on the downside, although raspberry and vanilla flavors are convincing. Textured enough, with good tannins. But still it seems to be searching for better balance and flavor clarity.
Notes of yellow mirabelle plum are perfumed with floral hints. These flavors unfold even more on the palate where a frothy mousse underlines all the primary fruit. This is easy and fruit-driven with a creamy, dry finish.
A solid, somewhat generic Cab with sweet cassis and raspberry aromas as a greeting. The palate is a little candied but it rolls out tasty, dense red-fruit flavors. It doesn't sport much Cabernet typicity but it delivers ripe flavors and a smooth ride.
With this new line, Gallo once again strives to redefine itself, with positive results. Bearing Gina Gallo's signature, it's a fine Cabernet, soft, dry and complex, with flavors of blackberry, black currant and cedar. The structure is all about Napa Valley, showing ripe, smooth tannins and a good bite of acidity. Really a superior Cab, one to drink now and over the next six years.
This is quite dry and astringent, with aromatics and flavors of toasted grain. The lightly ripened fruit flavors include sweet tomato, strawberry and blackberry.
A bright and juicy wine, this has good potential. Its red-berry fruits are right up front along with some light tannins. Drink this fruity wine from 2018.
This year's dry conditions produced a fine crop of single quinta vintage Ports. That's perfect for the concentration in a Colheita tawny. This wine is rich, dense and with perfumed fruits that are still in evidence behind the old gold flavors of the wood aging. Drink now.
This simple but well-made wine from northern Italy opens with delicate floral and peach aromas. The palate offers golden apple and lemon zest alongside bright acidity.
From the best parcels in the La Mothe du Barry vineyard, this firm and structured wine shows an obvious wood-aging character. Dominated by Merlot, it is rich and dense, solid tannins balanced against juicy black fruits and fresh acidity. It needs to age; drink after 2016.
The higher elevation of Victoria's Pyrenees imparts firmness to this wine's acids and tannins, suggesting another 2–3 years of cellaring. Right now, the wine's cherry-berry fruit and vanilla oak are still somewhat unintegrated but show promise for the near future.
New wood overwhelms the aromas, and it also dominates the palate of this wine. It just keeps on the right side of drinkability because the spice merges into pear flavors to give an intriguing nutmeg character, while the aftertaste offers freshness. The wine needs at least a year to blend together.
Sexy, luscious aromas of buttered plums and seared beef fat invite the nose on this blend of 70% Syrah and 30% Mourvèdre, which proves more delicate than brawny. Beef char and blackberry paste power the palate, but it coalesces around a focused line of licorice and graphite.
Redhawk makes an interesting lineup of value-oriented Pinots, this one just a cut above their popular Grateful Red. Medium bodied, it carries fruit flavors of raspberry and plum, with a hint of dark chocolate from aging 13 months in 20% new oak.
This Sonoma-based winery, founded in 2007, specializes in cool-climate Syrah. Bennett Valley, southeast of Santa Rosa, is certainly a cool part of Sonoma County, and the cool 2010 vintage has given owner-winemaker Steve Law a great success. The wine oozes dramatic flavors of blackberry jam, licorice, dark chocolate, grilled bacon, fine herbs and black pepper, which come wrapped in firm but supple tannins. The dry finish is long—the mark of a well-made, concentrated wine. Drink now–2016.
Bringing out all the perfumed herbaceous character of Colombard, this has some softness along with freshness, flavors of pink grapefruit and green plums, finishing brightly. Screwcap.
Initially a bit funky, this wine opened up to offer pretty cassis and fresh blackberry fruit couched in a bed of medium acid and soft tannins. Mushroom and plum tones on the finish hang around for just a bit. Drink up.
An earthy aroma comes from this vivid dark red wine. It is gently soft, not quite dry and with black-plum fruits. The aftertaste is soft, very fruity and ready to drink.
The nose on this Cabernet is scratchy and closed, with cherry, cassis and herbal aromas. The palate is forward and medium in body, with rough tannins and rubbery, oak-based flavors of blackberry and herbs. Overall this wine is drying but solid, with freshness but also a clampy feel.
Aromas recalling Spanish broom and orchard fruit come together on this one. The bright palate offers nectarine, pineapple and yellow apple alongside vibrant acidity while a hazelnut note closes the finish.
A well-made, fresh, fruity wine, straightforward but ready to drink. Light, forward fruits and sweet spice layer over dusty, woody tannins. The wine is ripe and developing well.
Taking off with a bright tangerine and lime nose, the citrus carries through to the palate, where grapefruit flavors take the varietal into curious yet compelling places. Acidity is at the forefront, thanks to the all-stainless-steel processing, but it feels strategically integrated.
This is a perfect option for those looking for an informal, easy expression of Prosecco. The sparkling wine opens with floral and fruity notes of rose and apricot and there's a slightly heavier note of butterscotch or caramel at the back.
Vivid flavors and an unusually firm texture make this a bold, structured and noteworthy wine with good potential for mid-term aging. It is dry, has pure raspberry and blackberry on the palate, fine-grained tannins for grip and a lingering finish.
A pleasant, nondescript wine. There's 10% Sauvignon Blanc in the blend, which gives it a little spicy lift, but the mainstay Chardonnay core seems generically lemony and falls away in the finish.
Lightly floral aromas are dilute while hinting at quince jelly. There's not a lot of vitality to the palate, while tangerine and nectarine flavors are watery. Pithy citrus notes carry the finish before it putters out.
Deliciously fruity, with its apple and fresh grapefruit, this is a forward, ripe wine. It has a crisp layer of tight acidity that highlights the immediate attractiveness of the wine. Glass stopper.
Lots of ripe, forward raspberry and cherry fruit in this savory wine, with a mushroomy, funky complexity. It's soft and likeable now for the sweet fruit and crisp acidity.
Quince and apple juice notes lead to a tart, medium-bodied palate. The elevated acidity makes for a rigid finish.
Fairly simple and a little sweet, this wine is tart in citrusy acids, with flavors of lemon sorbet, apricot and kiwi. The acids make the ripe fruit clean and bright on the long finish.
Fragrant and rich, right from the top, this expressive Merlot hits 15+% alcohol, but retains its supple, muscular structure. The lush cherry fruit is wrapped in a midpalate of cured meats, bacon fat and buttery oak, but is substantial enough to flesh it out. Smooth, chocolaty and seamless, this could pass for a Napa Valley Merlot costing three times as much.
This new-comer Barolo shows beautiful intensity and an inky dark appearance. The aromas are soft and yielding with sweet tones of wild berry and exotic spice woven between leather, tobacco and licorice.
A beautifully perfumed wine, with ripe flavors, soft and rounded, hints of tropical fruits as well as spice and honey. Intense and full-bodied.
This pitch-black Malbec smells like prune juice. That overripe character also shows on the overweight palate that deals saturated flavors of fig, raisin and prune. The finish doesn't display a lot of balance or freshness. Two samples tasted with identical results.
Sweet butter and caramel notes linger amidst smoke and char on this unabashedly oaky, full-bodied Iowa Seyval Blanc. Savory pressed apple flavors are pleasant but subdued.
From a two-acre parcel of vines planted in 1950, this is a finely perfumed, rich wine. It has generous red fruits and an equally opulent ripe character. The tannins are there—a dry layer that is supporting the spice—as is a firm solid texture. Drink this wine (which is still developing) from 2019.
Though 100% Merlot, it seems more reminiscent of a Syrah with notes of blue fruit and ash. The flavors are light with chalky, mouthcoating tannins.
Production has increased dramatically, but quality remains quite good for this estate-grown Cabernet Franc. Deep and plummy, it's a rich, round mouthful of blue and black fruits that are dressed up with plenty of spicy oak tones. The tannins are polished and bring some finishing flavors of black tea. This should age for a decade at least.
A tight, spicy Pinot with a chocolate heart, this has a lot of aging potential. The fruit and tannins are tightly wound at the moment, with a lavish coating of milk chocolate from the barrel aging. Cellar it another 5–6 years and let it knit together.
The 2012 reserve costs only $3 more than the regular bottling, but it's a richer wine balanced with bright, citrusy acidity. The palate is dry with flavors of Bosc pears, green apples, vanilla cream and toasted marshmallows.
A nicely balanced wine that matches a mineral feel with zesty acidity and sweet citrus fruits. Crisp enough to withstand various seafood dishes or salads, but with enough flavor to stand on its own as an apéritif.
The high altitude vineyards of Luberon can yield some thirst-quenching rosés, of which this is a very good example. Hints of crushed stone and barely-ripe peaches finish on a refreshing note of fresh lime juice. Drink now.
This is an herbal, low-alcohol style. Tart wild berry, lemony citrus, fresh herbs and a streak of iron combine gracefully. This is a new trend in Oregon, emphasizing non-intervention, subtle detail, low alcohol and neutral oak, and here it's been done well.
In an interesting homage to the Gaillac region, this Fronton producer has made a 100% Braucol from its estate near Toulouse. It is a structured wine, although the main characters are piercing red fruits and delicious acidity. This is a wine to drink young from early 2018.
This fresh, appealing wine is lightly spritzy, with flavors of pear and melon that show persistence.
This wonderfully cheerful Italian sparkling wine would make a wonderful companion to Thai spring rolls or coconut fried shrimp. Sweet fruit flavors of peach and grapefruit are enhanced by foamy perlage.
This is an opulently lush and bold, full-bodied wine, ripe and soft on the palate with a distinct hit of oak on the entry. It evolves in the glass to reveal crisper notions of green apple, nutmeg and lemon-lime.
The fruit isn't the star of this wine; instead, intense notes of forest floor and cola spice dominate the nose and palate. Sure, the red berry and cherry flavors are there, but they're just hanging in the background of this bright yet herbaceous selection.
A pretty pale-pink color, this wine has aromas of cherry bubble gum, strawberry and herb. The palate has a full, creamy feel with flavors that linger. It's a broader style than often seen on rosés—more of a red wine feel—but it's hard to deny its appeal.
Lots of black cherry fruit, with notes of dry, dusty earth and truffle, and a strong cola element. It's very dry and supple, a wine of character. The fruity flavors are rich, and the tannins are soft and rounded.
For lovers of sophisticated Italian wine, Schidione (a hearty blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Sangiovese and Merlot) shows personality, elegance and impressive intensity. The mouthfeel is smooth and rich. An excellent addition to a cellar collection.
Made entirely with Sangiovese, this offers lovely aromas of iris, fresh violet, perfumed berry and a whiff of sweet baking spice. The elegantly structured palate doles out juicy black cherry, crushed raspberry, mocha, white pepper and cinnamon while firm, velvety tannins offer support. It closes on a tobacco note. It's already delicious but hold for complexity. Drink 2016–2021.
A partnership between the Laughton family (Jasper Hill) and Hermitage-based Michel Chapoutier, this beautifully packaged Shiraz is full-bodied and lushly textured without going over the top. Plum, spice and earth notes easily wash across the palate, ending in a spicy finish that is simultaneously chewy and mouthwatering.
Botrytis infected the grapes, but the winemaker has vinified this unique wine totally dry, so you get pure Chard and botrytis taste without the sweetness. Fascinates for the intense dried lime peel, yellow apricot, vanilla and honeyed flavors.
Primo Rosso is an easy, informal Carignano-based wine, with sharp aromas of berry, bitter almond and cherry cola. The zesty freshness would pair with baked scamorza cheese.
A strange but undeniable aroma of peanut butter announces this brut as a funky pour. The palate steps it up a bit, with yeasty, white-fruit flavors that turns foamy on a slightly green and bitter finish.
This blend of 44% Malbec, 33% Petit Verdot and 23% Cabernet Franc shows lots of meaty notes on the nose, including both the charred edges and raw center of a prime rib slice, alongside blueberry and cedar oil. The blueberry core holds strong into the sip, where finely chiseled tannins provide a chalky mouthfeel and carry more flavors of black olive and charred wood.
Scratchy cherry and plum aromas are woody and minerally, to an extent. This feels crimped and hard, while heavy oak lends a hickory note to roasted medicinal red fruit flavors. A woody dry spicy finish is good despite rawness and heat.
Faint notes of ripe pear rise from the glass. The palate comes in with fresh zestiness—it is dry and slender but has lip-smacking citrus freshness of grapefruit and tangerine. This is bundled, full of invigorating appetizing freshness. There is something bracingly clean but also harmonious about the finish.
Winemaker: Niels Verburg. This Shiraz-based blend, with 9% Cabernet Sauvignon, is big and bold. It opens with dark, brooding aromas of cassis, blackberry and boysenberry that are spiced by leather, licorice and gamy tones. Firm tannins and dense, concentrated black-fruit flavors yield a firm and powerful mouthfeel, while notes of leather, cigar box and cocoa linger long on the spicy finish. It's a beast that's best not disturbed now; try after 2019 and through 2025.
Exotic, with tropical fruit, orange, peach, white flower, roasted marshmallow and spice flavors. Doesn't really taste like Chardonnay, more like Roussanne. The structure is a bit soft, but it's an interesting wine.
Normally one of the most elegant of Pauillacs, the 2003 is big and dense. These dark tannins mask delicious black fruit, flavors of spice and layers of acidity. This is going to develop relatively fast, despite the density of the wine, just because it is so rich. Imported by Diageo Chateau & Estates.
A rounded, very soft Chardonnay from Chablis producer Simmonet-Febvre. There are green fruits, with hints of pears and light acidity. The edge of green tannin gives the wine some shape, but it is essentially soft. Screwcap.
Deliciously herbaceous wine, with the freshest green fruit flavors, plus lemon and grapefruit. The Colombard adds a little spice to give it a final burst of freshness.
This is a distinctive, well-made wine, with a strong streak of fennel running persistently through it. It's sharp, spicy and peppery, as you might expect from a low alcohol Chenin Blanc grown so far up north. By any standard it would be a fine seafood companion, crisp and clean.
The most well known of Puligny's premier cru vineyards, Les Combettes is at the very heart of the slope. This central position shows in this dense and concentrated wine that's big, powerful and marked by fresh fruit-salad flavors of green figs, green apple and spice. The whole is borne up by a fine, solid structure of wood and tannins.
Medicinal, herbal wine, with attractive white fruit aromas. The palate is rich and soft, with fresh honey and sweet fruits. Definitely sweet, it is still balanced with the fruits and the spirit underlay.
Delicious aromas of dark raspberries, Bing cherries, black pepper, pipe smoke, smoked meats, thyme and just enough dank mushroom greet the nose. This wine is very full on the ripe and juicy palate, showing more raspberry, rhubarb, dried strawberry and warm black licorice, all balanced by plum-skin bitterness and just enough tannic structure.
This is a new line of label-driven wine meant to be adventurous and whimsical. Catchy label aside, the wine inside entirely delivers in well-integrated fruit and floral characteristics, showing the crispness of its stainless-steel fermentation. Tangy, it's both tart and tropical, finishing focused and lean.
A seriously structured wine with a rich core of ripe black currant fruits, bitter chocolate and delicious acidity. The wine shows signs of wood aging to add to the dry fruit tannins. It is ready to drink.
Irregular tannins and acidity give this wine a harsh mouthfeel. On the plus side, it's fresh in berry fruit, even though it's more than four years of age. Drink up.
This starts out fresh on the nose, with a modest herbal accent. The palate is lively and clean, with ample body and good balance. Flavors of cherry, plum and herb lead to a mildly green-tasting finish.
One of Fowles' best efforts, this wine shows ample vanilla and toast influences from oak, but those elements play a necessary role in supporting and defining the ripe peach and melon fruit. This is medium to full in body, with a soft, pillowy texture and a long finish.
This 50/50 blend features apple skin, cherry and other berry aromas and flavors, all wrapped in a coating of hard candy. The finish is like a sucking lozenge and the mouthfeel is rock hard.
At 7.5 g/L of residual sugar, this is more off-dry than dry, but the acidity is high enough to provide a sense of crispness. In this plump, medium-bodied Riesling, peach and citrus strike a fine balance, ending with a dollop of lime sherbet. Drink now–2018.
Belcore, a blend of 80% Sangiovese and 20% Merlot, offers a touch of sour cherry and raw fruit backed by supple spice and leather. There's a warm, earthy feel to the finish.
A touch deeper and richer than the regular bottling, this reserva features scents of plum, cola and earth to start, then shows off an ample, soft texture in the mouth. Flavors are rich and loamy, with flecks of bright fruit that shine through. Round, mouthfilling and easy to drink.
A touch of unripeness gives this wine some steamed broccoli and herb notes, although it also shows plenty of sweet blackberry, cherry and oak. Merlot's smooth softness is present.
Paler in color, lighter in body than most of his Russian River neighbors, and higher in acidity, this cherry-infused wine, with its voluptuous coating of oak, is more Pinot-like than the Syrah-like Pinots that are currently critics' darlings. In its youth, it seems awkward, even simple, but could be a keeper.
This relishes the ripe softness of Saint-Aubin, giving a wide-open wine with weight. The contrast is with clean-lined green plums and just some spice.
90-92 Barrel sample. Because of the high proportion of Merlot this is an opulent, sweet and ripe wine, more new world than Margaux. It's less of a second wine than a beautifully polished wine in its own right.
Situated two miles north of the castle of Blaye, this estate's vintage delivered tannins as well as fruit here, with acidity and blackberry fruit. It is a structured wine, still young with its bright fruits and crisp character. Drink from 2018.
“Light but ripe” seems a great combination, and this wine fits that bill well. It has the richness, with apples and cream flavors, and a good layer of spice and caramel. But the freshness is pervasive, giving deliciously light flavors through the finish.
Pretty much a near replica of the winery's previous vintage, a sound, clean and dry Cabernet for drinking soon. It's rich in tannins, with varietally proper flavors of blackberries, black currants, plums and cedar. Give it a good decant before pouring.
Consistently one of New Zealand's top Chardonnay producers, Neudorf flies the standard for Nelson, almost next door to better-known Marlborough. The medium-bodied 2014 Chardonnay begins with appetizing scents of toast, oak spice and white peach. On the palate, there's a lovely combination of spice and stone fruit, then lingering citrus on the finish. Drink now–2020.
The aromas of whole lime, flowers, jasmine and watermelon Jolly Rancher pop. It drinks off dry, with floral flavors that carry through the finish.
Macho grapy aromas are offset by spunky raspberry scents. Fruity and a bit narrow and grabby across the palate, this delivers Mendoza's patented black-fruit flavors wrapped in chocolaty oak. Spice and oak remain present on a full finish.
Deep veins of citrus—white grapefruit, lemon and lime—pulsate through this vibrant, spine-tingling Riesling. It's delicately framed, glazed by a sheen of honey and hibiscus nectar, yet remarkably complex, touched by pollen and dusty mineral tones. Juicy and thirst quenching yet deeply satisfying.
This grape is historically from southwest France but performs intriguingly in this bottling, with aromas of black cherry and sweet sage. The palate presents black olive, cooked cherries and plums, charred meats and decent tannins. There is not a ton of acidity, but it feels balanced nonetheless.
On the creamy side of Grüner, a wine that brings fresh acidity, green fruits and an edge of richer white fruits. There is a pleasing smoothness, well enlivened by acidity. Screwcap.
A stalwart, sturdy rendering, this smells like ripe plums and dark spices. It tastes full of fruit but is shaded nicely by slightly smoky, peppery notes. The body is full and the texture firm with tannins and acidity. Best drink this after 2018.
This Merlot straddles that interesting line between easy, everyday drinking and real complexity. It's dry and richly tannic, and is the sort of wine that won't win a blind tasting, but leaves you reaching for a third glass with that steak.
Bold in color, with a stewy nose that oozes raisin and licorice. The palate is heavy, with bacon and reduced berry flavors. Flat and a touch burnt late, and in general it's in dire need of an infusion of acidity.
This full-bodied and robustly concentrated wine has chocolate and cherry aromas, rich and ripe plum and blackberry flavors and layers of chocolate and vanilla on the palate and finish. It feels broad and juicy in texture, too.
An open, generous, ripe wine, with fresh red plum fruit flavors, layered with acidity. The barrique aging is still apparent, leaving high toast. Despite the addition of Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah, this still tastes very Austrian and spicy, the Zweigelt and Blaufränkisch dominating.
A blend with local and international grapes all piled together. It works, because this has delicious black fruits, taut tannins, layers of spice and herbs and a backbone of refreshing acidity. The tannins suggests aging potential—perhaps 4 years.
Very crisp, grapefruit and green herbs, here is a wine that touches good acidity, but then misses with its oily texture and white candy flavor. The finish is fresh.
Big-boned and intense, it features oaky, thick, ripe dark cherry as the main standout, although it is nearly overwhelmed by earth and vanilla.
Chemical aromas are barely lifted by bland berry fruit scents, and overall this smells like wet cement. Tannic but weak in the middle, this tastes herbal and green, with a raw, herbaceous finish.
Packaged in an elegant bottle with a squarish-squat shape, this pretty Rosé sparkler opens with aromas of Granny Smith apple, citrus and a touch of sweet peach. The perlage is tonic and steely and would pair with spicy Indian samosas.
Smells and tastes overripe and Porty, with raisin and caramel notes, a feels harsh and hot.
Another interesting wine made from an obscure indigenous grape, this white is very fragrant and rich with tones of grapefruit, yellow flowers, white powder, pear and melon. It has strong and attractive mineral characteristics in the mouth and ends on a bitter note.
Enticing scents of wild berries, violets, grilled herbs and white pepper take center stage in this structured wine. The taut palate offers succulent red berry, clove, cooking spice and licorice flavors alongside a network of firm, fine-grained tannins. Drink 2018–2031.
With good wood-aging aromas, this is a more mature style of aged tawny. The wood flavors come through strongly, bringing out acidity, coffee and dried raisins. Well balanced, it finishes with great acidity.
Luscious cream and butter notes are balanced by a bright orange-lemon acidity on this opulent Hudson River Chardonnay. Ripe honeydew lingers sweetly on the palate before ending on a slightly saline note.
The wine is all green fruit, crisp and with a strong citrus element. Its light tangy texture lifts it easily and gives a bright character to an attractive wine. Drink now. This is one of 15 Bordeaux chateaus by Crus and Domaines de France.
Consistent with previous vintages, this is barrel fermented in neutral oak, and opens with crisp and pure aromas of citrus skins, grapefruit and lime. The fruit flavors follow suit, intense and persistent.
This shows enormous personality and distinctive aromas of rosemary, bay leaf, sweet cherry, prune, spice, cola and tobacco. Made in a large, bold style, it delivers plush layers of sweetness and softness, with a touch of heat on the finish.
Peppery and tannic, this Grenache hails from a vineyard that long has been the source of muscular reds. The taste is cherries, pure, intense and concentrated, along with the smoke and caramel of oak barrels. Could develop over the next 10 years.
Meaty and seemingly ripe up front, with plum and strawberry aromas. The palate has a tight, firm feel along with flavors of plum, raspberry and bramble. Healthy and forward for sure, with a tight finish based on tannins and slight bitterness. A good food wine but one that's limited in complexity.
The 16 months wood aging has smoothed the wrinkles in this wine, giving solid tannins, a dry core and red cherry and wild strawberry flavors. It is a fine performance, dense but not losing sight of the varietal character.
Savory tones of pressed apple and pear contrast with pretty orange-blossom aromas on this unusually light-footed Chardonnay. A blend of equal parts oak and stainless-steel ferment, it's concentrated with pear and lemon flavors. Finishes a bit short.
Quite a solid wine for less than $20, this bottling shows yellow apple, nectarine, peach blossom, sea salt, lemon and a touch of slate on the nose. Buttered-pear flavors show on the fleshy palate, with lemon zest, white peach, more sea salt and hints of nuts and vanilla.
A muscular, dense and tannic Syrah with a distinctive mineral underpinning. The expression is focused on concentrated, tightly wound blackberry and cassis, with some alcoholic heat. This is almost Australian in its sculptural elegance, and needs breathing time to let the mix of licorice and coffee come out in the finish.
A classic fruity blend of local Dão grapes including Encruzado and Malvasia, this is a perfumed, ripe wine that is full of pear, melon and citrus flavors. Its tangy texture suggests minerality. Drink now.
Hailing from the heart of the historic Cannubi vineyard, this polished wine opens with notes of black fruit, violet, leather and baking spices. The palate offers black raspberry, crushed cherry, clove and vanilla alongside brisk acidity and firm tannins. It's already accessible but will improve over the next four to five years and then evolve gracefully for decades. Drink 2018–2038.
Murky and damp smelling, with buttery strawberry flavors. Peppery and dry, with a raw, thin mouthfeel. Acceptable at a base level.
Cedarville takes a lot of pride in its Cab, and this definitely screams mightily of its mountain, granite-soiled origins, with a rich mouthfeel and rocky minerality. Fully fruity, though restrained, this Cab has plenty of leathery plushness in the midpalate ending with a finale of dense, dark chocolate.
Dark peach in color, the aromatics on this sparkling blend of 50% Chardonnay, 42% Pinot Noir and 8% Pinot Meunier are muted, but open in time to reveal wild strawberry and green apple. With structured acidity, expect a bite on the finish. Any kind of fresh seafood, especially oysters or calamari, would pair well here.
This smooth blend of Nero d'Avola and Merlot opens with aromas of dark berry, blue flower and a whiff of Mediterranean scrub. The soft, round palate doles out juicy black cherry, ground pepper and a note of star anise framed in supple tannins.
An unusual blend of Touriga Nacional and Petit Verdot, this wine does in fact work. Tannins, perfume and a dense, dark color give weight and concentration. It is a powerful wine with a future. Drink from 2019.
Poggio alla Sala offers a pristine and fresh Rosso di Montepulciano with bright aromas of red berries, cola and drying mineral tones. There's a touch of tangy spice on the close and the wine is approachable, easy and cheerful overall.
Light in kick, with mealy white-fruit aromas. Feels wet but doesn't sport much texture or complexity, while the flavors are neither here nor there as the palate settles on stalky peach. Finishes with bitterness.
Floral aromas are soft, while the flavors of lychee and pear are sweet. Full, round and a touch oily in feel, this is more in the weighty, peachy style of the grape. Good but drink now, chilled.
Bold and flavorful, this smells both fruity and spicy, and tastes ripe and assertive. Hefty tannins help balance out a touch of sweetness as plum, strawberry and cherry flavors ooze over the palate and linger on the finish.
Peppery and hot, almost Porty, with rich flavors of blackberries, cherries, chocolate, bacon and sandalwood. With smooth tannins, it turns soft and spicy on the finish.
Strong mint and menthol aromatics give way to intense fresh-cut cedar flavors. There's just too much wood for this woodchuck to chuck.
This is a broad, full-bodied Carmenère with leathery, foresty aromas as well as berry and cassis. The palate feels wide, grabby and hefty, while the flavors run toward meaty and toasty, with dark berry, herb and mildly bitter notes. On the finish, it overflows with heat, chocolate and peppery flavors.
This is a lightweight Cristal, floating and fresh, without the punch this great wine can have from Pinot Noir. It is also way too young. To taste, there is good balance, but the persistent grapefruit flavor shows the wine's youth.
This delicious bottle sings out with a burst of bright raspberry fruit. As with all the Winderlea designates, the exposure to new oak is fairly minimal—just 10 months in one-sixth new barrels. Juicy acidity keeps flavors buoyant, and the barrels add light notes of caramel and nougat. Drink this with great enjoyment over the next two or three years.
Ripe, rich and silky, with black cherry, cranberry, cola, leather, cocoa, heirloom tomato, balsamic and spice flavors, this is a heck of a good Pinot. It's dry and balanced, a fine showcase of its celebrated terroir. The juicy acidity is a bit raw, but the wine should mellow by 2007.
For several vintages running Broquel has nudged the border between very good and excellent, but as in years past the '06 is a touch tangy and racy, with black cherry, plum and berry flavors. It's bold, zippy and quite high-toned, but still it's very competent and held together.
This medium-bodied wine has modest fruit and herb aromas and similarly subdued flavors. It is clean and straightforward.
Rubber and leather aromas create a slightly mulchy bouquet. The palate is snappy and acidic, with earthy, leafy red-fruit flavors. Finishes dry with crisp acidity and a touch of oak-related vanilla. Standard fare.
This is a beautiful, elegant Cabernet to drink now with upscale fare. It's soft and velvety and dry, with deep, rewarding berry, cherry, mocha, herb and spice flavors. Don't be bothered by the sediment that it throws in the glass.
It does seem crazy, but a handful of producers in Sicily do include Pinot Noir in their portfolios. The grape certainly does take on hot climate characteristics of ripe raspberry and spice, but the overall effect is not too far off from what you should expect of this delicate, feminine grape.
This has enormous richness and intensity, with penetrating aromas of leather, tobacco, spice, dark fruit and dark chocolate. On the palate, it's inky, rich and supersmooth. This is one of the best Italian wines ever made from the difficult 2003 vintage.
Feisty and bold, with olive and black fruit on the rustic nose. After it settles down the wine is lush and plump, with herbal, bitter chocolate and rich berry flavors. There are dry, peppery notes to the finish, and overall this shows the potential of Carmenère without resorting to overexraction or overoaking.
Pungently grassy and herbal, with hints of passion fruit and grapefruit on the nose. In the mouth, the lush fruit flavors are considerably tamer, finishing long, and balanced by crisp acids.
This wine still seems to have some bottle shock. There is clean, spicy fruit and the flavors of plum and currant show through. And there's a nice streak of sassafras and cola, with just a whisper of new oak. It should open up nicely with additional bottle age.
Soft and rounded, this has good depth of flavor from the bite of acidity and orange zest flavor. An apple note and a touch of toast give this wine further shape.
This very attractive, richly oaked wine melds all the wood smoke, nutmeg, cinnamon and vanilla of new barrels with delicious, ripe fruit flavors from the grapes. It has a suave, layered texture from the initial sip to the lingering finish, and is very hard to resist.
Half the fruit is sourced from the Carabella vineyard, half from the Hyland vineyard. This is a young, tense, tight wine, still melding itself together. Melon, green pineapple, green banana and Streaks of butter and toast suggest that all the right flavor components are in place. The wine remains steely and compressed; definitely a white wine that should be decanted.
Blackberry, chopped herb and menthol aromas carry over the racy palate along with sour cherry and licorice. Vibrant acidity and flinty mineral add backup while tightly wound tannins provide the framework. Drink 2018–2024.
Lovely when first poured, this belted out rich cassis and vanilla scents alongside aged notes of leather and dried spices. Silky and medium-bodied, with a long, elegant finish. Several minutes later, it started to fade. Drink up.
Shows the softness of Alexander Valley Chardonnay, and the delicious complexity that these wines can attain. Apricots, pineapples, peaches and Meyer lemons are the fruits, framed by vanilla and smoke from new oak, and finishing with a minerality that must come from the earth.
Made by 30-ish Roberta Borghese high above Manzano, which also happens to be the chair manufacturing capital of Italy, this is a perfect example of how good Tocai can be. The aromas are honey and grapefruit-orange. After an intro of crisp acidity, the same flavors appear and persist on the medium body. Match this one with a good seafood risotto.
Opens with pickled aromas of red cabbage. The mouthfeel is good and proper, however the flavors fall back to tomato, oregano, basil and even sauerkraut. Leathery on the finish, with lasting herbal flavors. 260 cases produced. Imported by GOS Wines and BMC Imports.
Many are now playing with the low-alcohol, nervy side of Chardonnay, but Doug Margerum succeeds more than most. This bottling is light in the glass, with clean and crisp Asian pear, nectarine and mandarin pith aromas. The palate is tightly wound and energetic, showing sharp citrus and rounded strone-fruit flavors. Drink now–2030.
This is a pretty wine, resplendent in jasmine and honeysuckle, with a light-bodied, integrated approach to highlighting fresh layers of apricot and peach. The viscosity is just right, focused and restrained, while the finish puts an exclamation point to the freshness of fruit.
This delivers what many American consumers want in a Chardonnay. It's creamy, buttery and seemingly sweet, with candied pineapple and orange flavors.
A tad shy on the nose, this offers dark fruit and earthy aromas. The flavors are woody with cedar and pencil shavings decorating the dark core of toast and charred fruit.
True to label, this dry, invigorating Riesling is a showcase of Mosel-style minerality. Racy lime, pineapple and tangerine flavors are intensified by slatey, salty tangs of minerality that reverberate on the finish.
This wine commands attention with aromas of coffee, milk chocolate, toast, herb and black cherry. The palate has elegant, layered chocolate and cherry flavors, backed by a light squeeze of tannins. Just a baby now, it needs some time in the cellar to be fully appreciated. It will be best from 2018 to 2024.
Soft, rich and enduring, this should pair with braised beef or cornish hen with black truffle. It offers soft aromas of ripe fruit, leather, spice and licorice powder. Drink after 2018.
Another wine done in a fresh, spicy, bright style. Apple and light cinnamon, crisp and clean, make a wine perfect for summer sipping.
This sparkling red Lambrusco boasts a simple, but attractive quality of fruit, with bursting notes of raspberry and wild strawberry. Creamy, bubbly foam and balanced acidity characterize the mouthfeel. In terms of Lambrusco, this wine is very pleasurable with a sweet, plush close.
I preferred this winery's less costly Central Coast bottling to this one, which has an odd, raw meat smell and is too oaky. Although it has polished cherry flavors and good acids, it's odd.
Slightly rustic earthy aromas of animal, blackberry, plum and cola feed into a jammy palate with just enough acidic pop. Chocolaty blackberry flavors are touched up by resiny oak, while this blend of 85% Monastrell and 15% Syrah tastes similar on a persistent finish.
An elaborately rich, flamboyant Syrah whose ultraripe blackberry and cherry flavors have a tangy taste of bacon. Plenty of new oak adds vanilla, buttered toast and butterscotch. Almost too much of a good thing. Drink now.
This is a good, solid red wine without being an exciting one. It's dry and full-bodied, with thick, refined tannins. The flavors of cherries, licorice, chocolate, violets and pepper are complex but a little overripe, and could use greater concentration.
The complexities of Burgundy! This is the vineyard next to the more familiar Les Charmes, just up the slope—hence dessus, meaning above. This vineyard gives a mineral character, hinting at Chablis, but with some Meursault richness as well. Hold this wine, with its delicious vanilla flavors, and it will be ready in a year.
There's a vegetal underripeness to this Grenache-based blend. The asparagus flavor is matched to the sweet cherry and pickle relish notes, accented by sour acidity.
The intensity of this powerhouse Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and Merlot blend is outstanding, and so is the density of its aromas. It presents a solid wall of blackberry, dark chocolate, pipe tobacco and cigar box. It's bold and syrupy and overwhelms the palate with its enormous bounty.
90–92. Barrel sample. Dominated by Cabernet, this is a fruity wine with attractive acidity, black-currant flavor, and a high-bright fruitiness. Balanced and structured, the wine is elegant as well as fruity.
This is the rare Côtes du Rhône that needs cellaring, but it is sourced from a patch of 50-year-old vines near Sorgues. Ground cinnamon and clove, fine leather and just enough cherry fruit mingle to create a compelling, medium-bodied wine framed by fine-grained tannins. Drink 2017–2022, possibly beyond.
Soft and sweetly gentle, this Syrah has easy flavors of cherries, currants, anise, bacon and pepper. It's a silky wine, with some complexity, and made for drinking now.
This bottling starts with a pretty nose of peach, melon and nectarine. It's more about the crisp, refreshing mouthfeel than anything, and would partner well with lightly seasoned shellfish or soft cheese.
This leads with harsh, stunted aromas of earthy berry fruits and rubber. The palate is equally stunted and rough in feel, while tarry, gritty berry flavors finish drawing.
Smoke and roobios tea dominate the bouquet, with accents of raspberry and cocoa. The mouth is more of the same with soft notes of black plum guts and berry preserves fleshing it out. The texture is like crushed velvet with assertive tannins and structured acidity. Drinkable now, though could age for another year or two.
Raspberry jam, prune and cake spice aromas unfold on this blend of 90% Sangiovese and 10% Merlot. The accessible palate offers dried black cherry, fig, star anise and toast alongside fine-grained tannins.
So ripe and high in alcohol, it veers in to raisins and prunes. It's dry and tannic, with the blackberry flavors veering into bacon. Give it an hour or two in the decanter, and drink up.
This opens with a delicate and enticing fragrance of white and yellow flowers, hay and beeswax. The palate delivers flavors of golden apple, peach and lemon, with an almond accent. The smooth, weightless texture is brightened by fresh acidity.
Shows good Chardonnay character, with pleasant citrus and tropical fruit, buttered toast and vanilla flavors. The acidity is fine, but it's watery, lacking depth and fullness. Disappointing from this producer.
This is so fruity with its blend of Grolleau and Cabernet Franc. It is off dry, full of strawberry flavors and laced with acidity. It is a fine summer rosé.
With layers of ripe tannins and generous red fruits, this is an attractive, fruity wine that is ready to drink. It has a smoky, meaty character that contrasts with the fine fruits. Drink now.
Fresh and clean for the most part, with light raspberry and strawberry aromas. It's a little cloying on the palate, but the flavors of citrus and melon, while briney, are lasting and move in the right direction. A good buy made from the obscure Bobal variety and Tempranillo.
Almost volatile with its cooked rhubarb and berry aromas. Screechy black cherry and raspberry flavors don't really help it along. Simply a hard, closed-down wine that isn't up to its price tag.
Gets the Chardonnay job done effectively, offering flavors of orange, papaya, buttered toast, caramel, cream and vanilla honey. Pretty simple, but the price is right for what you get.
Purple and large, and that makes it easy to peg as young. With so much color and extract the palate can only be big, and it's holding rich, almost syrupy blackberry flavors that are mountainous but unrefined. Imported by William Harrison Imports.
Evoking green grape, peach, honeysuckle and ripe melon, this Muscat's aromatic profile is as enticing as ever, all wrapped in a slender, absolutely dry and light-footed package. Full of rich flavor without the attendant weight, it embodies the scent and joy of summer and finishes on a refreshing note of zesty lemon.
The vineyard is in Green Valley, the coolest part of the appellation. You'll find very high acidity and an austere, elegant wine in this extremely low-yield Pinot Noir. The flavors are right on the edge, balancing less ripe peppermint and tannic Chinese-tea notes with richer cherries and raspberries. This is really a thrilling young wine, and while it may hold for years, it's best now for its tense youth.
Creamy, rich and loaded with apricot and peach, this would pair well with creamy vegetable risotto.
From Serralunga, this has a classic fragrance of wild cherry, rose petal, truffle, leather and hints of menthol. The palate delivers a juicy core of black cherry, mint and spice. It has a warm midpalate and big but ripe tannins, but it's a bit shy on acidity—typical for the vintage.
Wooly aromas of white orchard fruit and toasty peanut shell define the nose. On the palate, zesty acids propel the modest white-peach flavor, leading to a slightly short but clean finish.
A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Syrah, this wine conveys bright aromas of red currants, cedar wood and white pepper. The soft palate offers black cherry, blackberries and black pepper, with smooth, round tannins. Enjoy soon.
Typically brick-colored and oxidized, which leads to the idea that it's 25 years old already. Unique in every way: The nose is like deconstructed citrus, sherry and leather, while the palate will seem sour if compared to most other reds and zesty if you're coming off a white wine. Hard to describe; a wine for some to admire and others to say, “What the hell?”
This is ripe, full bodied and delicious, with a red fruit flavor. It has all the juicy fruitiness that is associated with Beaujolais. Drink now, even slightly chilled.
The understated pear and pineapple flavors of this medium- weight Chardonnay have pleasant spice accents. It finishes stylishly with slightly tart pineapple and citrus notes.
From newcomer Maddalena Cordella, this elegant Rosso di Montalcino delivers sweet oak notes backed by cherry and wild berries. Pair this wine with lamb or pork because it has the power and intensity to stand up to grilled meat dishes. The finish is elegant and refined.
You'll detect aromas reminiscent of wood shop on this wine. Both the nose and the palate reveal heavy-handed oak sensations along with espresso, vanilla and a hint of burned rubber.
There's hearty earthiness and darkness to this bottling, with black plum, beets, cola, rhubarb, turned earth and a light asphalt character to the nose. The palate is framed by aggressive acidity, showing flavors of dark red fruit, clove, plum skin and dried herbs.
Here is a heavily oak-driven expression of Merlot from Sicily that shows layers of cherry, blackberry, chocolate, exotic spice, leather and moist pipe tobacco. The wine is incredibly soft and yielding in the mouth with soft fruit tones on the close.
Yellow tinted, which announces that this wine was barrel aged. And that barrel character is huge on the nose, which smells of raw oak, vanilla and dried cheese. Feels creamy, but the acidity is lively as well. Shows flashes of brilliance but also fights to absorb all the wood that's been thrown at it. A quality wine but definitely not for everyone.
A wine from a selected parcel of vines; attractive, crisply balanced, the fresh green fruits backed by yeasty toast and a creamy, full texture. There is also a layer of minerality that turns this into a fine food wine.
Almost mauve in color, this widely distributed wine (named after the time the winemaking crew pops open their bottles at home) shows candied strawberry, watermelon Jolly Rancher and a touch of slate on the nose. Tons of tongue-tingling acidity and a expertly grippy texture cut through the watermelon and raspberry flavors.
This opens with pure, attractive nectarine and apricot aromas, along with hints of mineral and petrol. It feels pure and racy, with delicious, clean flavors of pineapple, honey and mango. It's delicate and fresh on the finish, with just enough weight to be taken seriously.
This is a wood-aged wine, with a spicy character, that's rich with both generous tannins and black fruits. It has a ripe fruity character with plenty of balancing acidity and a warm full-bodied aftertaste. The wine is ready to drink.
Honeyed and very rich, with opulent apricot, peach, pear, tropical fruit, vanilla cream and spice flavors. There's a crispness that's a welcome balance to the powerful fruit.
Here's a subdued and elegant Amarone that whispers rather than screams. It shows dried fruit, leather and spice but without the revved-up intensity usually brought about by air-dried grapes and the appassimento school of winemaking.
Sporting a lovely front label, this holds a mix of Syrah and Petite Sirah from Rutherford with Sonoma County Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and Merlot. The wine is a bit muddled, one-dimensional in plum and black cherry, and ultimately softly simple.
Opens with sweet cherry and raspberry fruit but turns noticeably crisp in the mouth while some nice gamy notes appear on the silky finish. An ideal pairing for roast suckling pig.
A new addition to the Icon line from Nobilo and one that still needs a little work. It's good, with lifted floral and lime aromas, but seems overwhelmingly citrusy on the palate, with tangy notes that turn slightly pith-like on the finish. Imported by Pacific Wine Partners.
Rich, wood-aged wine that shows ripe blackberry juice flavors to balance the firm tannins. It has good depth, structure and weight, a ripe and good value Bordeaux.
Solid and concentrated, this wine initially is tight, showing minerality as well as rich fruit. The dark tannins then open to reveal sweetness, ripe strawberry jelly as well as soft acidity and licorice. A big wine that will evolve over the next several years.
This smells of baked black fruit, coconut, vanilla and char, with a palate that's ultrasaturated and almost cloying. The compact flavors are of concentrated blackberry liqueur and cassis, which narrow to berry and oak notes on the finish.
This unoaked Chardonnay shows admirable weight on the palate, but slightly one-dimensional, citrusy flavors. Clean and correct on the finish; drink now.
Similar in style to a Côtes de Gascogne, this is a fruity, ripe and attractively light wine. The crisp, refreshing palate dances along.
Ripe and sweetly fruity, this is a black-currant and berry-flavored wine, with balanced juiciness and a judicious use of wood. Full-bodied, it's likely to age well over the medium term.
Cruner represents a compact and complete expression of Prosecco. This cheerful sparkler is creamy, foamy in the mouth and offers sweet tones of musk, peach blossom and cantaloupe melon.
One of two reds from the Chombart family's 209-acre estate. This simpler one emphasizes fresh black currant fruit flavors rather than complexity. There is a good balance between fruit, acidity and some smooth tannins. It's a wine for a good piece of grilled chicken.
Quite peachy and lemony, with moderate body and a clean finish. Simple and pleasant.
This is a varietally correct Cabernet with minty oak, mild herb aromas and toasty, solid berry fruit scents on the bouquet. Although it's a bit scouring and tough on the palate, flavors of raspberry, plum and herbs are spicy and right. On the finish, oaky vanilla and lemony notes settle in.
For Toro, this is earthy and slightly herbal as opposed to ripe and jammy. Aromas of mulch, leather and herbal berry lead into a firm, rocky palate with rooty flavors of burnt leaves, black fruits and oregano. A tight, compact finish with moderate flavors is a bit closed and hard.
Intensely floral, this opens with aromas of blue iris, crushed violet, ripe berry and a whiff of baking spice. The elegantly structured palate doles out juicy plum, ripe wild cherry, vanilla, cinnamon and mocha accompanied by fine-grained tannins. Drink through 2021.
Judiciously balanced notes of toast, spice and vanilla augment crisp red apple and lemon tones in this brisk Chardonnay. Cutting minerality on the midpalate lends an invigorating freshness through the finish. Drink now through 2019.
A structured wine that pulls together dark tannins and firm fruit with a young, rough edge. It is a heavy wine, dominated by its structure, the red fruit skin and strawberry jelly flavors a welcome distraction from this dryness. Age for three to four years.
This has a little barrel fermentation, lending a creaminess. But it has the same fizziness of a young white just months out of the fermenter. It's also delicious.
A bit rugged and rustic in the mouth, but dry and very ripe, with chocolate-infused blackberry pie, mushu plum sauce and cedar flavors. The blend is Cab, Zinfandel and Petite Sirah.
Oddly confected on the nose, with cotton candy-like cherry aromas, but once past that, this isn't bad wine, even if it's not really varietally correct. It's round in the mouth but with crisp acids, giving it a hard-edged feel, while the flavors are less candied and more like black cherries and chocolate.
Gary Eberle's Paso Robles Cabernet has been consistent over many years, and his '06 bottling shows off his understanding. It's a soft, pleasant wine that offers waves of blackberry jam, black currant, cocoa and cedar flavors, with an elegantly drinkable mouthfeel. Nice with barbecued steak and garlic-rosemary roasted new potatoes.
Familiar aromas of plum, mulberry, clove and slate show on the nose of this appellation blend by the Paso Robles-based winery. There is decent tension on the sip, where cooked cranberry and strawberry meet with a backbone of allspice and nutmeg as well as bittersweet chocolate.
From north of the Golden Gate, in essentially the same terroir as the Sonoma Coast, a cool-climate Pinot marked by freshness and acidity. It straddles the knife's edge between cherry fruit ripeness and earthy tobacco and leather. Very dry, this wine is elegant and firm.
This is a full, ripe wine, with tannins that are already well integrated into the red fruits. It's rich and full, packed with delicious ripeness. A wine for pleasure in the next few months, but it will also age well for 3–4 years.
Stewy, jammy plum and currant aromas are less than inviting. This feels choppy, with hard tannins. Soupy, weedy berry flavors end with minty, herbal, grassy notes.
Slightly fragrant, superfresh and pear-scented, this is a very simple but fun Grüner made for sunny afternoons. Very easy, refreshing and fruity.
A distinctive wine, with notes reminiscent of freshly made apple sauce. Harvested at 28° Brix, it's medium-plus sweet, but the flavor concentration doesn't quite carry all the way through.
Slightly lighter than other takes on the grape, this wine shows hibiscus, black plum, grape soda and gravel on the nose. It's soft on the palate with red cherry, cranberry and dried strawberry fruit, balanced by dill and black pepper on the edges. Some sales proceeds go to a medical relief organization.
Young, fresh and still yeasty, this shows lightly ripened fruit flavors of white peach, melon, green apple and pineapple. It retains a pretty floral quality in the nose. No malolactic fermentation here; it's done in a crisp, lean and lively style.
From the up-and-coming Rosso Piceno appellation on the Adriatic coast of Central Italy, this is a thin and informal red wine with fruity tones of strawberry and blueberry in the spotlight. A touch of sweet coffee or mocha appears as a distant accent on the close.
This is big time Petite Sirah, basically a full-bodied red wine on steroids. It's powerful in chocolate and cassis flavors and tannins, with a sugary finish.
This blend is largely from Bacchus, Seven Hills and Wallula vineyards. It offers aromas of fresh herbs, thyme, dry chocolate, cherry and medicine cabinet. The flavors are quite sweet, with dry, chalky tannins backing them up.
Made from Grechetto, a grape widely planted in parts of Umbria, this opens with aromas of apricot, tropical fruit and citrus. The delicious palate offers crisp acidity and flavors of ripe peach, cantaloupe, lemon zest, almond and thyme.
Caramel and vanilla wrap around generously ripe flavors of apple, pear and tropical papaya. Entirely fermented in oak, its wood provides a medium-bodied mouthfeel and ample accents of sweetness and spice.
Another good bubbly from Sonim, this red-colored sparkler is dry on the nose, with cherry and cassis aromas. It feels round and full as it shows off bright raspberry and plum flavors in front of a healthy, smooth finish. Much darker in color than most rosé Cavas.
Honey is the dominant star in this bottling, drizzled all over yellow apples on the nose. The golden liquid also shows strong on the palate, with flavors of pears and apples soaked in honey water.
Just a touch of residual sugar (11 g/L) softens up the edges of this wine, which brings flavors of tart lemon, grapefruit pith and wet paper into play. Try it with prawns, shellfish or non-spicy noodle dishes.
This wine is dark, textured and full of ripe fruit. Not yet balanced, it still shows more wood than fruit, but all elements are coming together to give a full-bodied, wood-aged wine. Drink from 2020.
Tightly wound on the nose, this wine eventually releases blackcurrant and blueberry fruit along with aromas of black rock and turned earth. The palate is dense with black peppercorn, char and asphalt, lifted by hints of violet. Since the structure is dense and tannic, it will be fun to watch this wine emerge over the years.
This is a finely perfumed wine, full of ripe Castelão grapes. It has a smooth, polished feeling from the wood aging, yet still allows plenty of room for a dense black-fruit character. It will need to age and will be best after 2016.
This is classic Merlot at a great price, with notes of black plum, cherry, blackberry and licorice on the nose and mouth. Balanced and softly textured with medium tannins and a solid, clean finish. Drink now.
You can feel the unctuous, oily richness as soon as this wine reaches the tongue. It is dense and concentrated, with sweet green plums and a creamy texture. The old-vine fruit, enveloping the mouth, just leaves a hint of spice.
Chocolate notes fill the aroma of this rich, luscious wine, and blackberry jam and maple syrup flavors follow on the palate. It's sweet, soft and full bodied and may be just the thing to quiet down an especially spicy Korean barbecue.
Smoky and a bit nutty, one can sense that winemaker Rafael Tirado is aiming at a Burgundian style. Grilled peaches and fresh limes blend with pineapple flavors. Despite its crisp acids, it shows nice richness in the mouth, with substantially more density and concentration than the regular Chardonnay.
Good structure and body with elegant flavors typify this 50-50 blend of Merlot and Xinomavro. The Merlot offers deep color and a velvety mouthfeel, while Xinomavro's elegant tannic structure ensures softness without weakness.
You'll love the pretty garnet color of this riserva and the freshness of its fruit-driven bouquet. The wine delivers loads of fresh cherry and blackberry, with smoky aftertastes of leather and tobacco. The mouthfeel is round and generous, and there's a fresh touch of acidity on the close.
Made in a sugary style that gives it popular appeal. The flavors are of apricot, orange-lime jam, vanilla and white currants, brightened with crisp acidity.
Representing a new level of quality for Waiheke Syrah, this wine boasts captivating aromas of peppered meat, violets and cassis. It's full bodied without being heavy, and the flavors seamlessly blend fruity with savory for a thrilling ride. Finishes long, with firm tannins and a hint of espresso. Drink now¬–2018.
The wine is structured with solid tannins and a foursquare character. Ripe fruits with plenty of balancing acidity give this wine its density and its crisp edge. This is a fruity wine that will develop slowly and well. Drink from 2020.
Two things mark this Cabernet: exceptionally ripe fruit and hard tannins. The flavors of blackberry, cherry and currant are buried under a blanket of dry astringency. The question is whether the fruit will outlive the tannins. Try holding it until 2017.
This delivers fresh aromas of white peach and sun-ripened apricot. Dry and tonic on the palate, this has a lively blast of acidity on the finish.
A big, powerful wine that brings together dark tannins and dense fruit. The fruit flavors are ripe black plum buried within the concentrated dryness of the tannin. No question, this needs aging for all its burly potential to be realized.
A dazzlingly good Pinot that shows fresh, delicious flavors right out of the bottle. Floods the mouth with raspberries, cherries and spicy red licorice, beautifully married with sweet, buttery oak. Irresistably good, and made to drink now with a  char-broiled steak.
Leesy vanilla aromas are scattershot and include bready notes of baked apple and pear. This feels round, plump and low on acidity. Flavors of grassy, green citrus and tropical fruits turn bitter before flattening out on a mild finish.
With attractive peach and baked-apple flavors, this is immediately appealing. It balances acidity with a lightly off-dry style that's both fresh and ripe. It can be drunk now, but will be better in 2015.
Good and robust, but a bit too high in alcohol, offering a burning feeling with grilled, sweet flavors of berries, cherries and spices. Drink now.
So silky and light, you might think it's a Pinot Noir. Rich in spicy red currant, mocha, cinnamon spice and oak flavors, it's a smoothly elegant wine, made for drinking now.
Very sweet in honey and bubbling brown sugar, with a nice fruity core of blackberries and mocha. Could be a little more concentrated and focused, with a simple finish, but it gets the job done with admirable dessert wine hedonism.
Sangiovese with 10% Syrah presents a united front of berry, spice, toast and cola nuances. The wine has substance and good acidity that would pair seamlessly with pork roll, pasta with sausage and tomato sauce or cheese-filled ravioli.
This luminous sparkler presents enticing aromas of white peach pulp and honeysuckle that are generous and round. This value wine delivers a tonic, firm body accented by lively peachy flavors.
Here's a dark and savory blend of Sangiovese, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon that offers fresh ripe fruit, succulent spice, smoked bacon and wet earth. There's a twist of incense or church candle at the back with crushed black pepper.
Plummy and high-toned in red currant and cranberry, this single-vineyard Cabernet is a stunner. It's balanced and elegant, soft in tannins and well structured. A wine that will improve with age, it also gets better in the glass after opening.
It's hard to choose a favorite amidst Wiemer's 2012 lineup, but this one is a strong contender. It's brisk, yet intensely penetrating on the nose and palate, with a luscious, juicy palate full of sweet white peach and mango flavors. Zesty lemon-lime acidity and a crush of minerals linger on the finish. It's a complex yet effortlessly enjoyable medium-sweet Riesling to savor now, or through 2021–2024.
Hooray! A terrific Zin that doesn’t cost an arm and a leg. It’s loaded with personality, with quintessential aromas and flavors of wild berries and spices, and added complexities of roasted coffeebean, anise and white chocolate. Best Buy.
This new wine from the Limarí Valley is a head-turner. The color is black but it's not overweight or overdone. The nose has mild animal and leather notes along with savory blackberry, and the palate is full of boysenberry, dark plum, licorice, pepper, chocolate and espresso. Long and lingering, with thick legs. Drink now through 2011.
Very ripe in the mouth, with mounds of black cherry and mocha flavors, this Pinot has a full-bodied, slightly heavy feeling. It's dry and silky, and a nice example of a good Russian River Pinot from a warm vintage.
John Duval makes this satiny and very smooth Syrah for the Long Shadows collective. It's got strong coffee-accented flavors, along with fairly astringent tannins. Young, tight and a bit hot as it winds through the finish. The blend includes 5% Cabernet Sauvignon, from vineyards scattered across the state.
A wine that revels in the open, juicy, dark fruits, the sweet tannins and its perfumed character. Soft black cherry jam goes with attractive acidity and a final burst of dark tannins.
The wine has fine potential. While the wood flavors are dominant, as it develops the ripe red-berry flavors that are there will fill out and bring their fruity acidity along. It is going to be ready to drink from 2017.
Lime, apple and iodine aromas are the opening act for a low-acid, powdery palate with mealy green-fruit flavors. Briny notes of pickled cucumber and lettuce drive the finish alongside lemon-lime notes.
Smells like an ocean breeze mixed with field greens, citrus and passion fruit. Montes has been a leader in Chile's movement toward coastal SB, and this one is blasting with grapefruit, green apple, passion fruit and minerality. In the mouth, it has some weight and richness; but that's balanced by zippy acidity. Can't imagine a better match for ceviche or tuna tartare.
Simple, sweet and floral at first, and then it kind of falls apart and loses steam. The palate is lean and candied but also tart, with bland, semisharp red plum flavors. Finishes sweet, with a dusting of faux oak flavor.
Bulky and a bit stewy, but still balanced enough to earn its positive points. The palate is ripe and sweet, as it oozes with black fruit. Some might call it a touch chunky, but for the most part this blend of Monastrell, Tempranillo and Syrah registers as a highly pleasurable red.
Pungent and sweaty smelling on first blush, almost suggesting Verdejo or Sauvignon Blanc. It remains oily and nettled on the nose, with sharpness. Sooner rather than later it softens, unveiling flavors of green melon, passionfruit and citrus. And the finish goes out with snap, orange and grapefruit. Potent for the variety.
This dry-farmed Syrah and Merlot blend opens with foresty berry and black-olive aromas. A tight, zesty, acidic palate deals lively flavors of red plum, currant, olive and toasty oak. On a dry, almost astringent finish, this tastes of tomato, red plum and herbs.
A chocolaty, fragrant wine —74% Merlot, 15% Cab Franc, 6% Malbec, 5% Petit Verdot—with interesting spice highlights throughout the nose and mouth. The fruit is a mix of Bing cherry and strawberry, washed in a lush barrel-induced mix of chocolate, mocha, espresso and clove. Finishes a little hot, with alcohol listed at 14.6%.
The second release of this vineyard designate. This is several steps up from the generic reds that characterize the lineup. It's got more focus and stuffing, more density and texture, than anything else. There's an interesting mushroom component. The fruit is tight and tart, and the acids a bit flush. This is not a particularly elegant wine, but it hangs in there with extended flavors, finishing with toasted almonds.
Here is a dark and impenetrable Negroamaro with evident oak shadings that add spice, vanilla and toast to the natural cherry and plum. The wine is dark and meaty with a smooth disposition and chewy succulence.
Here's a savory blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and Merlot offering aromas of blackberry, underbrush and baking spice. The smooth, soft palate delivers juicy black cherry, licorice and ground pepper alongside round tannins. Drink through 2018.
A fresh, smoky, lightly-acidic Saumur Champigny, maybe without great depth, but with vibrant red fruits. Enjoy this year.
A consistent bottling from an iconic Virginia producer, this vintage is refined in fruit character yet powerful in its focus. Aromas of citrus, sea spray and white button mushroom seem to have been shot through a diffuser—penetrating, broad and refreshing. The medium weight of the palate carries from start to finish along a river of driving acidity, with Meyer lemon, tangy almond cream and lightly toasted praline filling in the midpalate. A resounding note of sea salt lingers on the finish.
This is a light wine that has crisp, perfumed red fruits and layers of acidity. It is juicy and spicy and finishes with good acidity and a mineral texture. Drink now.
Pleasant and straightforward, this has notes of pear, mead and herbs. It's full in feel with a big ball of fruit flavors in the middle but less around it. The tannins have a slightly drying feel.
A lighter, shimmying style of Vernaccia, complete with tropical aromas of pineapple, mango and acacia. Stays light and crystallized through the palate, with fresh cantaloupe and mango flavors. Good but short on stuffing.
Dry yeasty aromas control the nose on this moderately sophisticated rosé that's made entirely from Trepat. In the mouth, this is solid but not thick. Dry peach and nectarine flavors are clean and finish with just enough girth to chew on.
One of the first ‘99 Pinots to come out, this puppy from the Napa side of the American Viticultural Area is young and promising. It shows classic notes of plum, sautéed mushroom, vanilla and smoke, and something earthy, midway between chocolate and leather. The aroma is deep; you can inhale it and feel it in your head. Also heady are the flavors, which are sumptuous, rich and complex, with plenty of fruit and spice, very dry and velvety. This workhorse release is quite good, and a fabulous omen of future ‘99 North Coast Pinots to come.
Smooth and seductively intense, this wine offers rich layers of black cherry and blackberry that lengthen on the palate, buoyed by soft tannins. An earthy sublayer keeps it complex and compelling.
Hugely concentrated wine, full of new toasty wood flavors, its structure packed with tannins. That said, there is also a weight of black currant fruit, richly jammy, adding to the sense of power.
Cola, red cherry, thyme, green peppercorn, iron and chocolate hints show on the nose of this bottling from an extreme coastal property near Pismo. The palate is herbal in character, with thyme, sage, oregano and pine forest seasonings that overlay its bright cherry fruit. Already mature, there's tons of life left in this wine.
This shows light lime, green apple and herb aromas. It drinks dry, with abundant apple flavors supported by tart acidity.
All estate-grown and aged in one third new French oak, this elegant wine gives you the best that this difficult vintage can offer in a low-alcohol Pinot Noir. It's rich in aromatics, showing details of violets and rose petals, with gentle flavors of blood orange and white raspberries.
Typical mineral notes shine through this impressive wine. It has plenty of acidity, berry fruits and vivid acidity, the whole structure held together by dark tannins.
Earth and tobacco, backed by modest cassis flavors that are already starting to thin out. Dry tannins mark the finish. The '99 (non-Reserve) is a better bet.
Delicious aromas of ripe cherry pie and black cardamom are quite sexy. The palate is far more complicated and layered, with the tartness of plum skins, richness of strawberry, balsamic reduction and spiciness of black sage.
There's a mix of good and questionable here. The nose starts out gaseous and stinky, as if it's begging for air. Give it time and it settles on exotic, warm blueberry and floral aromas. The palate is downright syrupy and thick, with licorice, bitter chocolate and sweet berry flavors. Rich as they come but also soft and on the brink of overripe. Not a wine for the cellar.
This wine is 80% Mourvèdre, 11% Zinfandel and 9% Primitivo. The aromas are bright and fresh, with notes of raspberry, red plum and spice. The flavors are pure and tart, bringing a real sense of vibrancy to the core cranberry flavor.
A lively, well-made blend of Tempranillo, Malbec and Syrah; B Crux is a bouncy, fresh youngster but still a serious wine with rock-solid black fruit, deep chocolate and spicy length. It's not super oaky as only half the wine sees new barrels, but you can definitely taste some wood. Will drink best in 2009–2010.
There is power here, the weight of fruit packing white peach and currant flavors structured around a mineral core. The wine is for aging, with its strong texture, its edge of apple skins and its layered acidity.
Nice yet quiet on the opening, with lime, apple and minerally aromas. Feels tangy, maybe a touch sharp and pointed, with standard Casablanca flavors of lime, bell pepper and green apple. Short and tangy on the finish, with washing acidity.
This 2004 Barolo Riserva opens with a brownish-ruby color and aged aromas of dried currants, exotic spice, old leather and root beer. It shows tight but   polished tannins and offers a drying mineral edge on the close. Don't wait too much longer to drink this wine.
This small-production Cab is at first faint in subtle fruit but slowly works its magic, offering balanced layers of black currant and blackberry around soft, toasty mocha oak, picking up nuance and complexity on the way to a lingering finish.
Saucy, with a ton of black olive and bell pepper to the nose and palate. Not much fruit and not much to latch onto. Base-level stuff.
This well structured wine with powerful tannins starts off with scents of meat, leather and coffee that gradually give way to aromas of vanilla and cedar. The oak is balanced by dark fruit flavors of cassis and chocolate, adding licorice and charcoal on the finish. A bit chewy at this stage; drink 2010–2020.
Buttered sourdough toast and a slight nuttiness kick off another excellent Chardonnay from the ever-reliable Talley. The palate is greeted with minerality that fades into an apple butter flavor alongside a pinch of cinnamon, culminating in a graceful vanilla finish.
Much of a piece with its companion releases, this is done in a lighter style, with plum and berry fruit, dried herbs and a short, simple finish.
Carefully distinguished from the other Lange Pinots, this cuvée marries thick cherry fruit to highlights of cola, anise and earth. The winery's defining trait is crafting wines with impeccable balance, that are already seamless and highly approachable upon release, yet have the style and substance for cellaring over the next 8–10 years.
A vibrant nose of blackberry, spiced meat and a touch of flowers leads on this good, everyday Shiraz. Spice and fruit are balanced by firm tannins and fresh acidity. A solid red for everyday enjoyment.
A hard-edged wine, all bitter tannin and dark extraction. It's hard to tell whether the fruit, if any, will struggle through.
This elegant yet fun Pinot Noir-based rosé is characterized by a voluptuous body, a supple frame on which to affix the typically pleasing rosé scents and flavors of bubblegum and wild strawberry. The finish lingers, with sour apple warmth that recalls the last lick of a Jolly Rancher candy.
A tasty array of delicious fruit flavors merges with meaty, savory, smoky nuances in this full-bodied, bold-tasting and very enjoyable wine. It smells like blackberries, blueberries and oak smoke, and tastes more wild and beefy until a wave of fruit envelops the finish. It shows interesting complexity along with lip-smacking allure.
Stillwater Creek, Conner Lee and Bacchus vineyards provided the fruit for this young, sappy and rich Syrah. It captures the varietal character of the grape, especially as expressed in Washington State. Inviting aromas of berries and chocolate, bright and fresh, lead into brambly red fruits, umami-soaked mushrooms and moist earth.
An almost colorless luster and oily aromas of green apple set the stage for this stony, lean SB. Briny, citric flavors are common but limited, while the finish is similar, only lighter.
Balanced and fresh, with a mix of pear, quince, melon and apple, lightly dusted with baking spices, this appealing Pinot Gris is a fine match for salmon, halibut, and other Northwest seafood. Textural, laced with refreshing minerality, and persistent into a long finish, this is Oregon PG at its best.
Despite being labeled at 15% abv, this is a crisp rendering of Vacqueyras, filled with fresh herbal notes and tart, crunchy cherries. A violet-like essence emerges on the palate, providing added interest. It does turn a bit astringent on the finish, so drink it from 2015–2020, or now with some suitably rare beef or lamb.
Soft, ripe and rustic, with cherry, cola and chocolate flavors that finish with a medicinal, sugary sweetness.
By Nicasia's high previous standards, this wine from a substandard vintage is lacking. After an opening of sweet berry aromas, cured meat and spice, it's very sweet and candied tasting, with milk chocolate and carob flavors along with unabsorbed oak. Has an easy flow and soft tannins but doesn't have the precision, depth, crispness and totality of the 2005, '06 or '07.
This ripe wine from Albin Roux's estate is generous and packed with rich apricot and pear fruits. There is a steely edge to the texture, giving a final bite to the acidity of this opulent wine.
This bright and simple Chianti Superiore opens with cherry, bitter almond and blueberry aromas. The wine is crisp, clean, thin and zesty overall.
Smooth, creamy wine, its fruit layered with toast and piquant spices. The yellow fruit flavors are contrasted with acidity from a pink grapefruit freshness. It should be aged for another year.
Characteristic lime-leaf and lemon notes marry with blossoms and grass. The palate, however, is less focused, starting bright, tapering to flatness in the middle, and finishing on the richer side.
Attractively ripe, this second wine from Château Léoville las Cases is initially fruity. The structure comes through only slowly to reveal itself.The wine is ripe yet shot through with acidity. Likely to develop quickly.
This is a classic white Bordeaux blend, half Sauvignon Blanc, half Sémillon. It enjoys the freshness of 2006, lifted pink grapefruit and citrus flavors, rounded with some wood, and freshened with delicious kiwi fruits.
You'd be hard pressed to think of another Italian sparkling wine made from Ribolla Gialla grapes, a native variety of northeast Italy. This rare expression offers aromas of yellow flower and stone fruit followed by a smooth, fresh mouthfeel.
Orchard fruit, nut and acacia flower aromas meld together on this elegant white. The firm palate offers green pear, lemon zest and mineral alongside zesty acidity. A note of almond closes the tangy finish.
Oaky and bone dry, with ripe pineapple, green apple and buttered toast flavors, brightened by zesty, mouthwatering acidity. Ready now, but don't chill too much to enjoy the nuances.
There's a muddled note at first with aromas of spice, moist earth, resin and clove. Those earthy aromas blow off fast to reveal a wine with drying mineral and cassis berry on the close.
A big, strongly flavored Pinot Noir. What it may lack in subtlety, it more than makes up for in sheer power. Practically a food group in itself, with massive waves of cherries, raspberries, pomegranates, sweet rhubarb pie and sandalwood, wrapped into a silky texture. Drink now–2014.
With ripe Merlot dominating this fine, blackberry flavored wine, it is fruity and rich. The acidity gives a crisper edge to the wine while the tannins come from a dry core. It is a wine in progress, full of potential and likely to be ready to drink from 2018.
A terrific value if you like the style, this is an impressively concentrated, slightly syrupy Shiraz imbued with potent cassis fruit and framed with vanilla oak. Surprisingly long on the finish. Drink now.
Big, rich, dusty tannins and black plum fruits are built on a firm layer of wood. There is a fresh mint character as well, giving the wine a polished and spicy feel. With the wood and the acidity, this needs aging: 3–4 years and more.
This is ripe, young and fruity, with plenty of acidity to accompany the tangy raspberry flavor. For early drinking. Screwcap.
The nose is minty, herbal and strangely exotic, while the palate falls flat in delivering strongly herbal, tomato-based flavors.
This blend of 50% Cabernet Sauvignon, 30% Syrah and 20% Merlot has a fruity nose, the Syrah's leathery-ness is quite strong, surrounded by raspberry sweetness and red cherry from the Cab and Merlot. Although it's been in bottle some time, the finish is grippy and strongly tobacco-infused.
Rich and ripe, this wine smells sunny like plums and cherries pulled from the tree. It offers a broad and supple texture, with mellow spice and cherry flavors. All that flavor is wrapped in a soothing blanket of fine tannins and just enough acidity to keep it fresh.
A pretty shade of pale pink, this dry and spicy rosé has a boisterous personality. Its watermelon and strawberry flavors come with a kick, showing real depth. Juicy acidity keeps it fresh and forward.
Spicy, lemony acidity balances out a classic barrel imprint of oakiness and toast in this medium-bodied, concentrated wine. Silky-smooth on the palate, it rewards patience in the glass and will pair well with rich, creamy foods.
Ripe and juicy in freshly crushed blackberries and spicy plums, this Cabernet is wrapped into firm tannins, and brightened with a crisp burst of acidity. It's a bit ungainly now, and its future is unclear. Try aging for a couple of years and try again.
Smooth, polished and dry, a sophisticated Bordeaux blend to drink now with upscale fare. Shows a rich mélange of blackberries, black currants, anise, mocha and toasted oak, wrapped into firm, finely ground tannins.
A solid Cab at an attractive price. There's a lot going on in this structured and well-balanced wine. Aromas of black currant and licorice dominate the nose alongside secondary glimmers of black pepper and crushed violets, all framed with a sweet oak streak. Flavors of juicy black raspberry linger well into the finish, which gradually fades into gorgeous white pepper spice.
This single-vineyard selection is full-bodied and exuberantly rich. It captures the power of Klipsun/Red Mountain fruit, with a lush array of candied orange, citrus and papaya.  There's a touch of sugar, excellent length and a lingering hint of honeycomb.
A very perfumed wine, almost heady, with its herbal and wild flower aromas. The wine is still closed up, darkly tannic and very firm. At the same time, black fruits show the same perfumed character. This is very flavorful and structured. Drink this unusual wine from 2014.
This rustic Zin is meant to wash down grilled meats, hard cheeses and tomato-based pasta dishes. It's very dry and a bit hot in high alcohol, with a peppery edge and firm, rasping tannins.
This wine is very dry, dense and tough, the black fruit and acidity just peeping through. However, it should all come together from 2020.
A big, bold wine that also tastes precise and structured, it has deep, dense fruit flavors like black currant and black cherry, layers of fine tannins, hints of dark chocolate and espresso. This is a great wine to stash in the cellar, as it will taste best after 2020.
Rich, but structured and balanced, this is a wine that has delicious swathes of ripe blackberry and black plum. There is a touch of bitter extract, but this will integrate as the wine ages. The acidity goes well with the solid tannins. Drink from 2016.
This is evolving, vintage by vintage, into a wine somewhere between an Aussie GSM and a Châteauneuf-du-Pape. The 2006 is 61% Grenache, 21% Syrah and 18% Mourvèdre. Fruity and delicious, this 2006 is a bit high-toned, with sharp scents and bright red fruits.
Perfumed, fresh, attractive wine. It feels light in character, the texture open, showing jelly fruit character as well as ripe fruit. There is a perfumed rosehip aftertaste.
This is a spicy, rich, smooth wine, immediately attractive and ready to drink. It has ripe tannins, black fruits in abundance and delicious acidity to give a lift. It's a classic barbecue wine and great for summer parties.
Seems a little disjointed at this stage of its development, with components that don't seem completely integrated: caramel, cherries, pepper and dusty earth notes. Supple mouthfeel bodes well, and if the pieces here come together, this rating may look stingy five years from now.
Aromas of strawberry sherbet are followed by sweet candy-shop flavors on the palate. Chill it thoroughly before drinking. Screwcap.
Saucy, herbal berry aromas come with gritty notes of earth and rubber. This feels chunky and grabby, with drawing tannins. Flavors of black plum, clove, green herbs and coffee grinds finish with a noticeable herbal boost.
Altamura has tackled this extremely difficult wine for years. They've settled on a style that's soft and silky, with complex flavors of cherries, dates, plum skins, cocoa and pepper, and the weight of a Pinot Noir.
Under the same ownership as Château de Panigon, this property (which has a heart on its cork) has produced a wine offering layers of smoky wood as well as ripe fruit. That solid structure suggests the wine will need time to develop. The aftertaste boosts a more juicy fruitiness.
This medium-bodied wine doesn't reveal a lot of richness on the palate, yet still offers fruit-driven notes of Bing cherries and fresh greens. It's clean and refreshing on the finish.
This is a ripe Mencía with mild prune, raisin, fig and baked berry aromas. The palate is intense and shows major-league grip. Flavors of earthy, baked black fruits, wild herbs, dried black plum and chocolate finish long, toasty, spicy and serious. Drink through 2018.
The top wine from this estate, this is also the most dense and tight. An ageworthy medley of red fruits and peach is sharpened by acidity and a peppery edge. It does have a lighter touch with its poised crisp texture and its juicy aftertaste. However, it will be even better from the end of 2016.
Amidst pungent layers of smoke and toast, there's a core of clean, red cherry and plum flavors accented by black coffee and milk chocolate notes. Lean, lively acidity and well-integrated tannins add structure.
Aromas of cherry and white chocolate with a touch of shale open to flavors of strawberry, pomegranate and mocha with a splash of ouzo. A web of soft tannins and symmetry between fruit and sophisticated herbal notes lead to a pleasantly bright finish.
Soft and chocolaty, this smooth and broadly expressive Merlot has immediate flavor appeal. From a pair of Walla Walla vineyards, it's a showcase for silky fruit and buttery tannins.
This wine is ripe and concentrated. It's packed with red fruit while also having solid tannins that give a firm structure. Acidity shoots through at the end to give a fresh lift, although the wine needs to age. Drink from 2017.
Tight and textured, this tannic and structured wine shows the power of very old vines. With dark fruits as well as tense bitter cherry acidity, it needs to age. Drink from 2017.
For a reserve, this seems surprisingly light, attenuated and acidic. The cranberry/strawberry fruit, of modest weight and depth, offers barely a hint of the 100% new French oak—just a faint flavor of hazelnuts and milk chocolate.
This structured Merlot opens with a complex bouquet of well-knit cherry, currant, oak, mocha and leather aromas. Similar flavors and licorice accents follow on the full and supple palate. This large-scaled but evenly-textured and balanced Merlot finishes long, with dark fruit and toast flavors. The sturdy tannins will reward cellaring. Drink now–2007+.
Offering the creamy and floral intensity of sparkling wines at double the price, this bears subtle notes of peach, white flower, brimstone and dried herb.
Watercress and fleshy apricot meet in this wine and make that incongruous combination work. A savory undertone of yeast adds a deeper dimension where pepper, chervil, lovage and stone abandon themselves to riot. This so comes alive in the mouth and demands your attention. Wonderful balance, ripe fruit and a whole lot of savory play!
Roasted on the nose and seeming ripe due to its dark character; it's disappointing that the palate is so sharp and acidic, neither of which are Carmenère characteristics and thus raise the question of overacidification during winemaking. Tastes alright but comes up short in the mouth. Imported by Vinecrest Co.
While this could be considered the equivalent of a second wine for the Château Pech de Jammes estate, it is in a modern, fruity style, which sets it apart from the Château wine. Bold, ripe and generous fruits give blackberry flavors alongside a lively, perfumed character. The wine is ready to drink.
A cuvée of 100% grands crus vineyards. Massive, effusive bubbles explode in the glass, and the nose rises up with rich toast and brioche. Far more weight and concentration than the excellent “La Francaise.”  Prélude wows you with fresh pastry, marzipan and lemon meringue set against grapefruity acids. Young, luscious and built to last.
A superb wine. It opens slowly in the mouth, revealing layers of toast followed by intense white and green fruits. Spice and nutmeg accent the kiwi, pepper and pineapple notes, all concentrated around a core of minerality. Age for at least four years.
Strong tarry and asphalt notes show on the nose of this wine, with a touch of boysenberry. Similar elements play into the somewhat rough palate, where tarry tannins interplay with tart boysenberry, bolstered slightly by a touch of soy.
Stemmy, pickled aromas send the fruit component to second fiddle. Tastes, smells and feels like a wine that didn't get fully ripe; the flavors are thin and light, with tea and dilute berry. Finishes same as above.
Still tasting young, with its lemon and lime flavors dominant, this is going to be a serious, mineral-driven wine. It has plenty of fruit, but it is caged in a firm, tight texture of green fruits. Obviously it needs aging.
Strong herbal aromas continue to the palate, with green fruits plus a tangy acidity that is fresh and hints of more tropical fruits to come. It's a rich wine that has great potential, so drink from 2019. This is one of several properties owned by Bordeaux vigneron André Lurton.
Starts off with Port-like aromas of caramel, pie crust, sweet blackberry puree and smoke. In the mouth, berry-cherry extract hits strong and coats the palate with ripe flavor. Tannins persist through the tough finish.
Quiet up front, with dull, candied aromas of black cherry and plum. This feels bullish and grabby, with clipped, crisp flavors of red plum and cherry pie filling. Fresh, but it comes up short on flavor on the finish.
Shiny pink in color, with youthful, crisp aromas of cherry and watermelon. Zesty and fresh on the tongue, with spunky cherry and raspberry flavors that finish with natural sweetness. Candied to an extent, but mostly it's fresh and balanced.
The unusual but inviting medley of aromas include Mediterranean herb, sea salt, oregano, citrus and dried yellow flower. On the round palate, a saline note backs mature pear, creamy yellow apple and nectarine zest. It closes on a buttery note.
The Wallula vineyard, set high atop a bluff overlooking the Columbia river, gives grapes that bring dark, roasted flavors to the large-scale wine. The fruit tastes as if it has been pushed, perhaps a bit too far, and the impression it leaves tilts toward the raisiny side. It's a wine that could go in a positive direction with cellar time, but it is impossible to tell right now, as it cuts off quickly once in the mouth.
Here's a sparkling wine with all its many facets beautifully fitted together to form an incredibly seductive and inviting whole. The aromas span the exotic fruit spectrum from banana to kiwi, but leave room for butter and yeast notes. Very creamy and silky in the mouth, with lively perlage. Imported by Empson (USA) Ltd.
Despite its relatively low alcohol level, this comes across as reasonably mouthfilling and rich. Smoky notes from barrel fermentation emerge with air, accenting white nectarine and citrus fruit. It's one of the few blends of this type to show the textural interest of a good white Graves.
Apple, pear and a hint of bath soap comprise the aromas on this light, friendly Sauv Blanc. Ripe white-grapefruit flavors are solid but short-lived.
Cut hay, tomato vine, elder flower and a whiff of yellow stone fruit mingle in the glass. The elegantly structured palate delivers grapefruit, peach and papaya alongside racy acidity. A mineral vein adds depth to the lingering finish. It's racy and loaded with finesse.
A little too heavy in winemaker intervention. Shows the hand of oak, the funk of lees and a soft, buttery texture. This all dominates the citrus fruit and makes the wine ponderous.
A bouquet of blackberry, black plum, anise and white chocolate sets the scene for flavors of black plum, strawberry, cocoa powder and licorice with a burst of pomegranate. This wine is soft on entry, with a nice interplay of tannins and acidity that persists into the subdued finish.
The second wine of Quinta do Vesúvio, Pombal is still concentrated and dense from low yielding vines. Layers of juicy plum flavors and acidity gain strength and power from the dense, sweet tannins. It will need to age a few years, so drink from 2017.
Throwing a healthy sediment already, this blend of Syrah, Grenache and Mourvèdre could actually use another six months or so to drop additional tannin. It's an unusually forceful vintage for this wine, which is usually friendly and forward. Although in many years it tends toward red fruit flavors, the 2001 is graced with black cherry fruit and complex notes of tree bark, earth and pepper.
An awesome wine that shows the power of the estate vineyard, yet with a deft, elegant touch. You can't help but be dazzled by the intense raspberry, cherry, red currant and cola flavors. Yet the acid-tannin balance is superb, lifting the wine into a thoroughly enjoyable complexity. Drink now, with decanting, and over the next eight years.
The price is right, but the wine is pretty ordinary. It's dry and tart, with less-than-ripe cherry candy and mint flavors and dry, green tannins.
Showing that earthy, dried herb character that so often marks Napa Chardonnays, this Oakville-grown wine is soft in acids and rich in spicy, creamy oak and lees notes. It has pleasantly ripe apple, peach and pineapple flavors.
With its patented blend of ripe plum and berry aromas matched against notes of wood smoke, herbs and leather, this is ripped and focused in the mouth, with strong but manageable tannins. Flavors of buttery oak, schist, blackberry and cassis culminate with mocha, vanilla and an overall sense of greatness. Drink from 2017 through 2025.
A straightforward wine, this has aromas of light spices and stone fruit. The flavors are lighter in style with the concentration a bit wanting but it still provides easy drinking pleasure.
This wine comes from all free-run juice and was aged 16 months in three- to four-year-old French barrels. The result is a luxuriously pure wine that puts a premium on the feel of its plum and cranberry flavors, with a light squeeze of tannins that brings it home.
This wine has offers aromas of dark plum and chocolate. It is inky garnet in the glass, with flavors of cherry, cranberry, cured meat, thyme and sage. Stealthy tannins appear as if from nowhere just before a bright finish that is punctuated by a touch of smoke.
Powerful fruit aromas and flavors send this full-bodied wine into the stratosphere of ripeness without interference from oak or too much acidity or any overtly tannic texture. It's all juicy and good in a high-octane style.
This is a savory, meaty rendering of Cabernet Sauvignon, boasting aromas of cedar, smoke and soy-marinated grilled beef. Those peppered beef notes carry onto the palate, joined by hints of brown sugar. Full bodied and creamy, it finishes long, framed by supple tannins. Drink now–2020.
Peach underlined by a gentle musk note makes an appealing opening. Foamy, sweet and evanescent with crowd-pleasing flavors, this is a good choice for a big group on a casual occasion. Drink as young as possible.
One of few Kiwi Pinots typically worth cellaring, Neudorf's 2008 Moutere bottling comes across as a bit oaky, with menthol and cedar notes forming a tight overlay to the cherry fruit. Tannins are silky yet firm, suggesting the wine will be at its best 2012–2018.
Shows good concentration of tropical and citrus fruit, but also a heavy veneer of vanillin oak, ending on notes of tangerine and slightly bitter roasted coffee. It's still a good wine, and if your preferences run toward dark, oaky flavors on the finish, you may like it more than this.
A yellow colored wine, showing oxidation, but delicious. Although there is some bitterness it is well integrated and the ripe fruit, marzipan and acidity are all finely in balance.
An old vine field blend from the family-owned estate, this wine is dense with both tannin and ripe black fruit. Plum and blackberry flavors are balanced by acidity and chalky texture. Drink now.
A little too hot and brawny in tannins, which provides a cut across the palate that interferes with pleasure. If you can get past that, the wine is nicely dry and rich in fruit, with cherry, tobacco, spice and oak flavors.
Deep and rich aromas of black raspberry, star anise, iodine and iron entertain the nose on this bottling by winemaker Clarissa Nagy. It's lush on the palate, with deep red fruits, but then becomes brightened by acidity and focused on an earthy, herbal line down the middle. With wild mint and anise on the finish it's quite complex.
Dry and reedy smelling, with juicy berry-cherry aromas and flavors. The wine is snappy, zesty and juicy, with accents of cocoa and pepper. Clean, simple Cabernet with ample pop and freshness.
The Bacalhôa quinta is more famed for its Cabernet-based red. Here Sémillon and Sauvignon Blanc continue the Bordeaux connection. A superrich wine, although the creamy, full texture is beautifully balanced with a good layer of citrus. Full-bodied, stylish.
A big, rich wine, candy-sweet in fruit and toasted oak. Shows the blackberry, cherry, nougat, roasted almond and chocolate flavors of a delicious granola bar. The tannins are a work of art, soft, intricate and refined.
Aromas of toast, black plum, espresso and a whiff of coconut come together on this on this medium-bodied red. The palate offers dried black cherry, raspberry, anise, coffee and a green note of sage while close-grained tannins grip the finish. It closes on an astringent note.
The bouquet of this wine is somewhat dainty, offering layered aromas of yellow apple, gooseberry, melon and crushed mineral. Ripe stone-fruit flavors add breadth to the dominating citrus notes, with a hint of sweet grass unfolding on the finish.
This wine nails that difficult spot between finesse and power. Cranberry and cherry, leather, tobacco, earth, herbs, rose petal and mineral or graphite add texture and complexity. A silky wine with a medium structure from a winery owned by AOL Time Warner chief executive Dick Parsons. Imported by DSI.
This barrel-fermented Chardonnay has a nice mix of fruit flavors—apple and melon, pineapple and citrus – some picked up from the addition of 5% Semillon. Fresh and light, this is a versatile wine that would be a great by-the-glass restaurant pour.
This wine's aroma evokes a thicket of strawberries and blackberry bramble, feeling densely ripe yet bright with fruit. The finish veers towards sweeter notes of cola and vanilla.
This Yakima Valley Syrah definitely falls on the cool side of things. It's focused and pure-tasting, with strawberry compote as the dominant fruit. Some residual damp earth notes continue through the finish, with just a hint of bitterness.
Good and dry, with a fine oak edge to the fruit and a delicately silky structure, but there's just too much of a cooked or taste, especially in the finish. It's like the cherries were plumped, diluting the flavors, and even though alcohol is low, it tastes hot.
A brilliant, compelling Pinot Gris whose quality far exceeds its price. Bone dry, with moderate alcohol, it's big in flavor, offering a blast of Mandarin orange, peach, honeysuckle, vanilla and cinnamon spice. There's a rich texture, and the finish is thoroughly dry despite the richness.
This wine is so thick and generous, a successful pairing with delicate food seems all but unlikely. Ripe fruit, steak sauce and root beer come to mind but there is also an earthy side that recalls wild mushroom and dried herb. It offers very ripe flavors and bitter tannins on the close. Imported by Jan D'Amore Wines.
Full of crisp fruit, this cru wine is bright with red-berry flavors. It is light and with a cool character that comes from the high altitude of the vineyards. There is an edgy texture that keeps the wine together. Drink now.
Here's a beautifully aged Amarone from an excellent vintage. Masi's Mazzano is a benchmark wine for Valpolicella thanks to its intriguing complexity of aromas: black cherry, dried fruit, porcini mushroom, dark chocolate, vanilla bean and dark resin like the kind you'd smell in an antique furniture shop. The wine has a slightly brownish hue and remarkable penetration.
Sharp scents of saddle leather lead into a tannic, earthy wine that remains stubbornly closed even after some hours.
Fonréaud's vineyard is on the highest point of the Médoc (all of 120 feet). This vintage shows a smooth, ripe wine full of juicy black fruits. It's not dense, and the fruitiness will let it age relatively quickly. Drink this attractive wine from 2018.
Like most Monteviejo Malbecs, this is full and extracted, with an opaque purple tint. Ripe aromas of blackberry, prune and spice cake are generous. The palate is surprisingly alive in acidity and grabby in feel. Dark toasty black-fruit flavors are plenty oaky, while coffee, mocha and chocolate flavors share space on the tannic finish. Drink through 2020.
Almost black in color, this shows the firm and tannic side of Malbec. The wood-aged wine balances well between spicy toast and dense fruits. The structure has a mineral character, promising some aging over 3–4 years or more.
Scents of perfumed berry, eucalyptus, chopped herb and a whiff of leather unfold in the glass. The smooth, delicious palate doles out juicy black cherry, crushed raspberry, freshly ground black pepper and anise alongside polished, velvety tannins.
This vintage of Grattamacco's basic Bolgheri blend (mostly Cabernet Sauvignon, with Cabernet Franc, Merlot and Sangiovese) appears neutral and less intense compared to years past. It does show elegant mineral shadings and cedary wood behind bright berry fruit.
Jacquesson is proud possessor of top quality grand cru vineyards in Avize. This vintage is subtle, a wine that takes a while to show all its richness, balanced with elegance. The fruit is ripe pear, peach and orange zest. It has a great streak of minerality. Worth aging.
The wine has plenty of crisp fruit along with touches of smokiness and a riper, yellow fruit character. It's a rich wine, young and fresh and with the potential to age. Drink now, although it will be better from 2017.
Soft and broad, marked by chocolate fudge flavors and fruit that's more like dates or prunes than fresh berries.
Brooding aromas of earth, herb, dried leaf, black currant, blue fruit and barrel spice are followed by focused blue and black-fruit flavors. Lightly crunchy tannins back it all up.
Merlot, Malbec and Petit Verdot round out the experience of this predominantly Cabernet Sauvignon-based wine. It presents a lovely expression of the Napa Valley in its spicy clove, cinnamon and cassis. Oak and tannin build up toward the finish, finding equilibrium in the wine's balance of acidity and lush, dark fruit.
Here's a savory, delicious and varietally true Pinor Noir that drinks well right away, but has the structural integrity for the cellar. With crisp, dry flavors of cherries, pomegranates, cola, tobacco and Chinese five-spice, it appeals for its exotic immediacy, but has the density to evolve for 5 or 6 years.
This extra brut is a quintessential Franciacorta, offering a fragrance of white and yellow flowers and a whiff of citrus. The palate delivers ripe Golden Delicious apple flavors, accented with hints of hazelnut, along with a creamy texture supported by crisp acidity.
Largely clean, but big-boned and a bit hot. This wines pumps a ton of flavor, which if you like loud, heavy citrus and stone fruits is a good sign. But it's also a touch sticky and grabby. While we liked the wine, we can see others either loving or leaving it.
Big, rich and painted in broad brush strokes, San Martino is a meaty, fleshy wine you can sink your teeth into. It offers clean notes of cherry candy, licorice and resin and follows through with gritty texture and crisp notes of bright fruit on the close.
The aromas bring notes of vanilla, green pepper, black tea, cherry and herb, and the palate delivers much the same. This wine comes off as a bit innocuous but is quite consistent throughout. It tapers on the finish.
Aromas of apple and hay are slightly oily but nice. Bright acidity renders this fresh and not too chunky, while flavors of dry oak, melon and salted apple finish steady, with a hint of lemon. If you are interested in barrel-fermented Verdejo, this is a good place to start.
This is 80% Cabernet and 20% Merlot, and hits just 12.6% alcohol—unusually low. It tastes a bit thin, either young vines or high yields or both. The wine is balanced but lacks focus; it shows tart cranberry fruit and just a hint of spice.
Here's a fresh, savory white made from Trebbiano and Sémillon grapes. It opens with aromas of pineapple, exotic fruit and white wildflowers that carry over to the linear palate alongside Mediterranean herb, yellow peach and lemon zest. Tangy acidity provides balance and generates a crisp, clean finish.
This blend of 70% Grenache, 25% Shiraz and 5% Mourvèdre features surprisingly dark fruit flavors akin to blackberries and cola. A hint of mint or eucalyptus enlivens the bouquet and helps to lighten this otherwise rather full-bodied, brooding wine. Finishes long, with enough dusty tannins to warrant cellaring through 2015.
Among the most iconic Champagnes, this wine always reflects its vintage. In this 2007, coming from a good, not great year, the wine is developing more quickly than is sometimes the case. It is now showing as a beautiful, balanced wine ripe with apples while also hinting at almonds and a yeasty character. The wine has such style, elegant with its fragrant acidity and complex structure.
This full-bodied wine is rounded and soft. With generous red fruits, balanced acidity and a bright aftertaste, it is ready to drink.
Rich with meaty tones of smoked bacon and leather backed by forest floor and bright cherry, this Brunello Riserva shows textbook Sangiovese Grosso qualities. On the palate, it delivers firm, textured tannins and bright acidity.
This wine has aromas of honeysuckle and lemon curd, with flavors of lemon-meringue pie and lemon pith. The finish is clean and crisp.
This wine from the historic vineyard offers classic oaky aromas of smoke, butterscotch and salty roasted nuts. Smokiness lingers throughout the soft, excellently weighted palate that surrounds rich apple, nectarine and white peach flesh, with a citrus pith tension holding it together.
Fully mature now, although it still has a good six years left, this shows why certain Zins benefit from aging. Tight and tannicly dry to begin with, it has aged to something approaching Pinot-like delicacy, although the wild berry, roasted coffee and spice flavors are Zinny, and few Zinfandels will ever have these tannins.
Solid, sweet-styled Cab, this starts out with dark, piercing berry and asphalt aromas, which are followed by an appealing blast of dark-fruit flavors. Turns more aggressive and rugged as it opens, but stays the course.
At this stage, this is a taut, minerally wine that's dominated by tight acidity. Pears and green plums are the lead flavors, with a touch of wood and a zing of crispness on the finish. Age for two years to round it out.
A superspicy Zin, marked by a blast of black pepper, clove and anise. The flavors are extracted and sweet to the point of appearing overripe, with blackberries and prunes leading to a tannic, bitter finish. Drink now.
This is an irresistibly delicious Pinot Noir. It shows the virtues of the vintage through flashy flavors of black cherry pie filling, red currants, cherry liqueur, orange zest, mocha, vanilla and cinnamon spice, wrapped into lush, silky tannins and brightened by firm acidity. Complex and compelling.
Greenwood Ridge often does a good job at Sauvignon Blanc, but not this year. The wine is irritating in unripe feline flavors and it's also off-dry, with 1.9% residual sugar.
Some wood aging gives the fruitiness of the wine an added spice. Tannins support the bitter cherry flavors and add firmness to the juicy acidity. Drink from the end of 2015.
Ripe, rich apricot and peach flavors are accented by touches of bramble and earth in this slightly rustic yet elegant Chardonnay. Tangerine acidity jolts the midpalate, leading a fresh, crisp finish.
Velvety, rich and intense upon first sip, this is a lively, well-built wine, held back in bottle and offering layers of blackberry, black cherry, anise and sage flavor. Fruity and feral, it delivers a lot of nuance within its powerful presentation.
Here's a wine that deserves its reserve status. It's pure in varietal character, from the briary, white pepper, wild berry and coffee flavors to the sturdy tannins, and that feral edge of friendly aggression that marks a good Zin. But it's a bone dry, balanced wine, with a distinctive individuality.
Aromas of white flower, citrus, pineapple, crushed rock and tinge of medicinal herb lead the nose on this vibrant white. The vertical palate offers green apple, lemon-lime and mineral that follow through to the white almond finish. It's linear and balanced thanks to racy acidity.
Raw edged at this stage, this wine initially shows tannins and dominant acidity with pea and green bean flavors. At this point it falls apart and becomes soft, almost sweet, and very far from Sauvignon Blanc.
A kitchen sink blend of white grapes, it comes together with interesting if slightly disjointed effects. There is honey and slight buttercream on the nose (likely from the Chardonnay lead). Once sipped, lush fruit comes to the fore, characterized by caramelized pear (probably the Viognier). On top of that, there is tangy acidity and slight tarriness.
The bouquet is neutral except for a spot of lemon-lime. The palate is clean and balanced, with decent weight and fresh acidity. Flavors of green fruit, scallion, mineral and herb fall off on the finish. Drink immediately.
A nice, crisp Sauvignon Blanc that rewards for the array of spearmint, lemon, lime and fig newton flavors. With a rich bite of citrusy acidity, it finishes with a dusting of Asian spices.
Andrew Rich makes wine that stands out for the quality it delivers at its price. This is a delicious Pinot, bright, spicy and layered with raspberry, strawberry, and cherry-flavored fruit. It's full and fruity, but also substantial and hinting at further development of some interesting herbal and earthy nuances with further bottle age.
Underbrush, toast, truffle, mocha, oak and berry aromas take center stage. The firm palate offers black cherry, coconut, espresso, powered sage and oak extract alongside tightly packed, fine-grained tannins. Drink 2017–2025.
Harvested at 22.6 degrees brix, this bright and spicy Dolcetto does not reach too far. It's tart, with fruit flavors that suggest wild berries and pomegranate, and tannins that are firm but never green. A fine quaffing wine.
This is made in a rich style, so the aroma is handsomely oaky, like buttered toast, the flavors are as rich as pear syrup and vanilla bean, the texture and body are full and the finish lingers. Fans of unoaked Chardonnay need not apply.
