Made from vines nearly 30 years old, this ultra-ripe Sauvignon Blanc was oak-aged in neutral barrels, and comes across with Chardonnay-like richness. It's viscous, rich to the point of liquorous—not for all palates, but done well in its way.
Pure Syrah from the Boushey Vineyard, this was barrel aged in a mix of half new Russian and French oak. Citrusy acids brighten up this wine, where the tight-wound, tangy red fruit flavors suggest wild, just-picked raspberries. With excellent concentration and focus, this is a wine to cellar for up to a decade.
There's no mistaking the grape in this spiced and peppery wine. Candy-shop aromas and bergamot flavors go together with a light acidity to create a wine that's drinkable now.
Aromas of red berry, grilled herb, oak-driven spice and a balsamic note lead the nose on this. The palate is still tight and closed but eventually gives up raw cherry, strawberry, sage and espresso alongside assertive, raspy tannins. Let the tannins soften a bit and then drink up before the fruit fades.
From a new winery that uses estate grapes that fall outside of any appellation besides the countywide one, this big, dry Syrah is very appealing. It's Northern Rhône in style, with cherry and blackberry flavors laced with leather and herb  otes, and the tannins are sizable. This is a wine to watch. Drink now through 2007.
This medium-bodied Cabernet is elegant and supple enough to offer some pleasure, but also boasts some green bell pepper and eucalyptus notes. Drink now.
This is a lightly aromatic wine, with faint aromas of melon, lemon-lime and yellow flowers. The palate is soft and thin, with similarly delicate flavors as the nose. Drink now.
This wine's tight nose gives little away. Its light-bodied, dry and slightly spritzy palate delivers fresh lemon fruit, which lingers into the zesty finish. This easy, fresh and ready for immediate drinking.
Tastes brittle and aloof in its youth, with a very dry mouthfeel dominated by acidity and tannins, although the texture is silky and smooth. You don't want to open this too soon. Given the core of cherries and pomegranates, it should develop, but no guarantees. The Freestone area is very cool and its possibilities are unknown but promising.
Juicy in blueberry and explosive blackberry fruit, this offers the right succulent mix of dusty spice and well-mannered fruitiness. For pairings, aim for the usual barbecue but perhaps also a risotto or finely made pizza.
Produced in the typical flinty (silex) soil of parts of Sancerre, this wine has a crisp steely texture that is balanced by the ripe yellow fruit. The combination is both taut and ripe, giving good balance and tension. Drink this wine from 2017 to allow it to develop further.
Dark and concentrated, with aromas of kirsch, blackberry, carnation, sage and menthol. The medium weight mouthfeel shares the same flavors as the nose, but are supported by notes of mocha and sousbois. Needs some time to open up in the glass if enjoyed now; otherwise, hold until 2010–2012.
This direct and appealing wine offers notes of maple, sugared plum and woodspice. Flavors are light but plush in feel, straight down the fairway.
Exotic and refined, with a stately bouquet of violets, mineral and cassis. Sensational quality for a wine from rugged Patagonia. It bursts with black raspberry propelled by firm acids. Then it folds back into a darker space, where fudge and pepper notes make for a warming, spicy finish. Shows off the skill of Danish winemaker Hans Vinding-Diers.
Waxy lime and lemon peels perfume this fresh, floral Riesling. It's invigoratingly crisp, boasting tart green-melon and tangerine flavors and racy hits of lime and lemon acidity. An elegant wine for a very approachable price.
From a vineyard poised along Eastside Road, this wine is juicy in flavor and dense in color and on the palate upon entry. Marked by great, well-defined acidity, it's gorgeously floral in fresh rose petal and orange peel with just a touch of reduction, with an additional weight of black tea and cranberry.
This seven-acre Petit family estate is dominated by Merlot that gives the wine its rich generous character. In this vintage it was balanced by crisp acidity and a lively aftertaste. The tannins promise further aging. Drink from 2020.
Dry and elegant, with the silky texture and cherry flavors you want in a good bottle. Yes, it's a little light in body and intensity, but the price is pretty good for a Pinot with this much varietal pleasure.
Coming from high altitude vines, this Zin defines a certain jammy, hotly ripe style. Although it's basically dry, it has soft, jammy flavors of raspberries, cherries and blackberries, with a licorice and cola finish that reprises the prickly heat from 15.2% of alcohol.
Light aromas of basil and thyme mix with coffee, cherry and vanilla. The palate is all about elegance and detail with drawn-out fruit flavors, chewy tannins and tart acids. Just a baby now, this wine has a long life in front of it. It will be best from 2020–2025.
The aromas pop on this 100% varietal, with notes of dark plum, mountain blueberry, vanilla and cream. The flavors are smooth and sultry, mixing fruit and barrel with a plush feel and a lightly astringent finish. The variety is hard to get but it delivers a lot of enjoyment.
This expression shows lightness, freshness and clear luminosity; Delivers creamy, foamy bubbles with bright aromas of peach, honey and citrus.
This base Barolo from the Antinori estate in Piedmont delivers a blast of bold flavors such as chocolate fudge, mature blackberry, spice and sweet fruit preserves. It earns high marks for the thickness and roundness of its mouthfeel and ends with a bright note of sweet berry fruit.
The nose on this Pinot Gris—full of nutty spice and minerals—has instant appeal. On the palate, it offers a combination of subtle spice and fresh fruit, a delicate balance. The wine has curve but is overall clean and spicy. Poised but approachable.
Still young, this intense wine is packed with tropical and citrus fruits. It is also structured, textured with a chalky, mineral feel. This is a wine that feels rich and that needs several years aging. Drink from 2016.
Typically soft and ripe, this is already a delicious, fruity wine. It is strongly perfumed and has the acidity typical of the vintage. Ripe red fruits and acidity are well balanced, with dry tannins that are still in the background. Drink the wine from 2018.
This is a rich wine from several parcels of vines in the Clos de Vougeot. It has great intensity, powered both by tannins and by the dark black fruits. Serious and concentrated, the wine will age magnificently. Drink from 2024.
With its gold luster and strong aromas of fresh-cut wood, you know it's fully oaked. To that end, an overriding resiny scent melds with hints of flowers, melon and butterscotch. The palate kicks up applesauce and spice, while the finish is defined by dry oak and white pepper. Full-bodied and deserving of serious food.
With firm dry tannins, the wine gets its balance from the ripe black-plum skins and fine acidity. It is a fruity wine although with plenty of structure. It is ready to drink, balanced but firm.
Burnt caramel, vanilla and herbaceous dill notes lend an oaky feel to the dainty red-plum and violet flavors. The tannins are finely grained but persistent, extending the long, sour-cherry-flavored finish.
This wine is 86% Cabernet Sauvignon and 14% Petit Verdot. Aromas are exuberant, with notes of dark cherries and raspberries along with soil, anise, savory herbs and light barrel accents. The palate is surprisingly restrained in style, with the fruit expression and oak dialed back. A core of acidity keeps the interest high.
This ruby-red sweet wine is nonvintage made and from Muscat Hamburg. It has aromas of cassis syrup and freshly ground dried herbs. In the mouth, there are flavors of sweet ripe cherry preserves, blackberry sauce and sweet pomegranate juice.
Jumbled jammy berry aromas lack specificity. This has a forceful tartaric mouthfeel that supports tart plum and currant flavors. Keeping things consistent, this is angular and acidic on the finish, with sour plum and racy berry flavors.
A coppery orange color, this opens with aromas of mealy melon, peach and strawberry. The palate is a departure from the nose—surprisingly astringent in tart currant and red-plum skin flavors that finish sharp and fast.
Winemaker Laurent Montalieu has outdone himself with the fruit from this heritage vineyard. Silky and deep, with a luscious mix of berries, it's a supple, seductive Pinot, wrapped in sleek layers of spicy, toasty oak.
Richly fruity and semisweet, this medium-bodied wine smells like cotton candy and tastes like pear syrup. Smooth in texture and mouth-filling in concentration, it finishes on lingering sweetness.
Well balanced and nicely integrated (the fruit elements jive smoothly with the oak components), this is a modern incarnation of traditional Barbera. You'll get spice, warmth and a velvety texture in the mouth.
Off-dry, this has solid flavors suggesting cracker and grain, honey and melon. It's a flavorful, sturdy take on Riesling, but does not have the pretty floral character.
One of the better deals for top-quality Pinot, Steve Dooley's entry-level bottling invites the nose with deep and dark black cherry, grape soda and even blueberry aromas, leveled by a hint of ethereal roasted game and dried sage. The purple note holds into the palate, which shows lavender and other potpourri elements.
This fortified red blend was aged in wood for 20 years. That has taken away fruitiness and, as with an aged Tawny Port, has given the wine flavors of dried prune, spice and old wood aromas. The wine is for sipping and savoring, ready to drink now.
Charred earth, smoke, roasted coffee bean and raisin aromas come together on this. The brawny palate offers prune, blackberry jam, licorice and mocha alongside tightly packed tannins that leave a drying, rather astringent finish.
Citrus and tropical fruit notes are pure, powerful and provide a fine entry to the wine, which dances with melon, green tobacco, pineapple, honeydew and lime flavors. It's big and ripe, with prickly acidity and good complexity. A nice example of Casablanca Sauvignon Blanc with all the zest and ocean influences you should expect.
Minerally and intense on the nose, this Riesling remains fresh and strident right through the palate and onto the long finish. Apple and citrus flavors seem to carry a hint of sweetness, but it could just be the ripe fruit coming through rather than residual sugar. Drink now.
An excellent, delicious wine, but it shows a slight imbalance of its parts due to the limitations of the vintage. The flavors, isolated from everything else, are rich, suggesting buttered toast spread with raspberry jam and sprinkled with cinnamon.
One of Portugal's most popular brands, this is rich, soft, solidly textured. It's a fine blend of five grapes including Syrah and Cabernet, giving a warm, enveloping feel. Acidity offers a balance, leaving a ripe, full flavored wine that needs a few months but is ready now.
This is rich, but never too rich, allowing some acidity to shine. It is ready to drink now, though it will age for several more years.
Broad aromas of grapefruit marmalade, dried tangerine skins and fresh-squeezed lemon juice show on this bottling, which is more fleshy than crisp on the nose. It's racy on the sip with razor-sharp, sizzling acidity, but also nicely rounded in the midpalate, sure to grow richer in the cellar.
There is some green bean and ashtray aromas on the nose, but also some maple-like wood. The palate is also slightly green at its center, but surrounding that is a fair amount of plum and cranberry. The finish is smooth, properly textured and tannic enough to create a dry, cheek-gripping feel. There's definitely some character here.
A very seductive nose of baked apple and even apple juice is tempered by a peppery, greenish spiciness. The palate shows even more of that pepper but makes the full-fruited nature of this Austrian native (not related to Grüner) a very moreish, lightbodied but richly textured wine with ample freshness. A very friendly style.
Here's a full-bodied Pinot Nero that opens with aromas of ripe red berry, graphite, and a touch of mint. The elegant, accessible palate doles out juicy strawberry, red cherry, white pepper and a light vein of mineral alongside supple tannins.
Ripe, lightly buttered pears are tinged with a light muskiness and married to tropical fruits like guava in this soft, easy-to-drink wine that tastes like Chardonnay, without the overlay of oak to which consumers are so accustomed.
Nice and fresh, and definitely the best vintage of Analivia we've tasted to date. The nose bursts with floral aromas, apricot, apple and minerality, while the palate is clean as a whistle, with apple, tangerine and pineapple flavors. Slightly pithy on the finish, but that's normal for Verdejo from Rueda.
Aromas of truffle, tilled soil, dark berry and a whiff of blue flower lead the nose on this easygoing red. The lithe palate delivers dark cherry and a hint of baking spice alongside supple tannins and bright acidity.
Dark-pink-orange in color, this wine is muted in floral tones of beauty and simplicity. Crisp, clean and simple layers of creamy vanilla are mixed with Meyer lemon and white peach. Refreshing and light on its feet, it's memorable in its stony minerality and its full embrace of citrus intrigue.
The immediate impression is of extreme youth and mandatory cellaring. Bluntly, this is not an easy wine to like now. It has a peppery edge, and the blackberry fruit is buried under tons of dark, brooding tannins. Best to age until at least 2009, but it should be worth the wait.
Packed with spicy wood flavors, this is a rich, black-fruited wine. It has a sense of structure that comes as much from the wood as from tannins. On the finish, the black-currant-like acidity kicks in.
Dry and harsh in the mouth, this Temp's acidity and tannins are just too strong for comfort. It has modest flavors of cherries, red currants and mocha. Jahant is one of the new Lodi appellations.
A lean wine, all tannins and missing the fruit. It has acidity, a smoky character, but there is a hollow feel to it.
Black olive, caper, oregano and exotic spice color the nose of this thickly extracted Aglianico. The wine is tight and solid with rock-hard structure and polished tannins. Pair it with black olive tapenade.
From a vineyard in southern Oregon that is actually its own, self-contained AVA (Red Hill Douglas County), this wine is approaching full maturity at 5+ years of age. Soft, round and rather delicate, it has the light color and pleasant charm of a simple Bourgogne. Rhubarb, pomegranate, cherry, white pepper and a splash of root beer capture your interest; there is more going on than you'd suspect at first sip.
Spicy, sharp and tight, this is packed with compact herbs, spicy fruit, smoke and black tar. Tannins remain sharp-edged and a bit unforgiving for now. Very young, herbal and aggressive, this is a wine that has the structure and power to develop complex, unique flavors in the bottle. Definitely needs more time.
Aromas of plum, pressed violet, toasted oak and a whiff of exotic spice lead the nose. The palate offers dried black cherry, raisin, licorice, espresso and black pepper alongside fine-grained tannins.
The finest Jester Cabernet I can remember, this full-bodied yet supple wine features aromas of cassis, cedar and vanilla in fine balance. Cassis and chocolate flavors continue in the same vein, followed by a silky, long finish. Drink now–2028.
Underbrush, oak, mature black fruit and a leather note lead the nose on this wine. The ripe palate begins with lush black cherry accented with grilled sage, thyme, black pepper, vanilla and mocha. But the fleeting tannins, soft acidity and lack of energy show this is already evolved. Drink through 2019.
Here's a Sicilian Nero d'Avola with heft and dimension: Aromas include allspice, cinnamon, cherry and sweet almond. It has a chewy, succulent feel and polished tannins on the close. The wine is made by Prosecco producers Villa Sandi.
Opulent and ripe, full bodied and rich, this has notes of toast and spice as well as apricot and pear flavors. With its balanced character, it can be consumed now, but it will also age for another year.
Almost lacy on the palate, with a crisp, delicate structure, this effortlessly drinkable Tokaji is the perfect introduction to this genre of fine wine. Ebullient with scents of lime skin, white flower and waxy honeycomb, its sweet fig and caramel palate is cut with brisk, pineapple-driven acidity.
Offers cracker and wheat aromas, and light white stone-fruit flavors that seem coated in confectioner's sugar, or talc. Perhaps it's the “unwooded” designation talking, but this wine seems a little light, and not much like Chardonnay.
A rich nose with deep cherry and spice notes opens this dense, even jammy wine. It's not often you find Sangiovese this ripe from Tuscany, but the fruit here is very good, and there's a lot of it. The finish is full and juicy, with mild tannins and good length. In weight and texture, almost like an Aussie Shiraz, but with Sangiovese flavors.
A caramel note combines with soft yellow-fruit and spice flavors. It's rich and rounded, with hints of toast and orange jelly.
Don Giovanni seduces with bright aromas of Granny Smith apple, citrus, kiwi and exotic fruit. There's a touch of soft sweetness in the mouth, with bright fruit flavors on the finish.
A wine that is all about crispness, structure and bright fruits. The creamy texture from lees aging gives a rounder dimension, but the main thrust here is minerality coupled with delicious acidity.
The volatiles are quite amped up here along with abundant barrel spices, such as vanilla and toast. The palate brings sweet jammy slightly dried-out raspberry and cranberry flavors but they have a hard time making up the difference.
Made from Zinfandel, Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and Petite Sirah, it's an easy drinking wine despite the firm tannins. Shows lush, ripe blackberry, black currant, raspberry, cola and spice flavors, with a dry finish. Ready now.
Light and fruity, this has red fruit flavors that are tempered with soft, perfumed tannins and balancing acidity. Some sweetness shows through toward the finish. Ready to drink now.
Seems a touch green and stripped at first, but airing brings it around. Still, there's a lot of fresh wood and resin, which somewhat masks the plum and berry fruit that's eager to emerge. Spicy on the finish, with a decent feel.
Saucy aromas of molasses, baked beans, tomato and asphalt are gritty. Ditto the palate, which is snappy and hard around the edges. Flavors of leafy, spicy plum and cherry are mildly green and herbal, as is the finish.
Arguably on the heavy and rich side, but if you like chocolate, spice and pretty good pop across the palate, this is recommended. Rugged but not out of whack, with meaty dark-fruit flavors and bitter espresso/pepper on the finish. Should come together nicely over the next two years.
Aromas of honeysuckle and a whiff of passion fruit lead the way. The round, simple palate offers yellow peach, tangerine and a note of bitter almond alongside fresh acidity.
This medium-weight, fleshy Sauvignon offers aromas of ripe gooseberries and stone fruits, then backs that up with nectarine and citrus, just tinged with herbal character. Good length on the finish for such an inexpensive wine, a tribute to winemaking consultant Alan McCorkindale. Imported by Precept Brands.
Side-by-side, Sheldrake Point's two Riesling ice wines are a fascinating study of how yeast affects flavors in wine. This regular-label ice wine, fermented with inoculated yeast, has a sunny, sweet charm. Notes of pressed apple, warming spice and potpourri perfume lend a cider-like tone. The palate lingers, countering bright, lemony acidity with a long peach kiss.
Similar to Loring's other single-vineyard Pinots in the exceptionally ripe fruit, with flavors veering into blackberry and cherry pastry, deep espresso, cocoa and spice. However there's considerably more tartness here, with a brisk acidic tingle that accentuates the tannins. Best to cellar this young wine for five years and try again.
Red currant jelly aromas burst into a sweet, but not luscious wine. There is just a touch of botrytis to go with freshness and some crisp acidity. A dessert wine for drinking, not sipping.
From a blazingly hot harvest comes this wine, with baked fruit flavors and a Porty sweetness to the finish. It shows that not every vintage in California is perfect for every variety.
This is firm, in the Pommard style. But because this is a 2015 vintage, the wine is also generously rich and with great red berry fruits. The acidity is in the back of this wine with its bold flavors and concentrated texture. Drink from 2023.
From three vineyards, including Roberts Road, this wine impresses in floral honeycomb and a freshness that belies its medium-bodied weight and pithy texture, finishing in vanilla that never gets sweet.
An excellent follow-up to the 2011 Roussanne, this elegant, precise wine intrigues from the first sniffs of camomile, lemon zest and honeysuckle, right on through a full-bodied middle with a range of stone fruits. There's a refreshing baseline of wet stone, and some very pretty toast from a mix of new, neutral oak and stainless fermentations.
This blend of equal parts of Pinot Noir and Chardonnay is impressive. On the dry side of Brut, it is crisp, tight with intense acidity and a nervy texture that will soften. It's a perfumed, structured wine full of potential with its citrus and spice flavors. Drink this bottling from 2019.
This balanced Cab represents the region and the vintage well, offering velvety soft tannins and components of herb, cassis and raspberry in a long lingering package.
A pure Sangiovese from the Seven Hills Vineyard, this spent three years in barrel. Though listed as “used French oak” the barrel flavors drown out the fruit. The tannins are astringent, with strong streaks of tobacco and vanilla.
Lightly spicy, this is a soft, off-dry wine. Fresh citrus and apple fruit flavors are perfumed and fruity in the mouth. Not for any aging, it's already a rounded, soft, still fruity wine.
With a touch of sweetness, this brut is made from about 75% Chardonnay and 25% Pinot Noir. It's rich in strawberry, lime, orange and raspberry flavors, with a savory yeastiness. The tiny bubbles are the signature of a top-notch sparkling wine. Drink now.
Toasty, dark aromas set up a smooth, semirich palate of creamy berry flavors mixed with spice, vanilla and pepper. This wine won't take you to wonderland but it doesn't go off course, either. Good and tasty Merlot with more than adequate balance.
This wonderfully refreshing, dry Riesling is redolent of ripe honeydew melon and freshly pressed Granny Smith apples. Lime and a nice steely backbone combine mid-palate with the sour tang of lemon drops and a lingering bitter almond finish.
This intriguing blend of Chardonnay and Sauvignon Blanc works well, displaying richness as well as an intense herbaceousness. This is a lively wine, with its apple and pear flavors, topped with grapefruit acidity.
Richer, fruitier and heavier than Sangiovese really ought to be, but then, this is Alexander Valley, not Tuscany. It's a big wine, jammy in chocolate-covered cherries and licorice, and while the only thing Italian about it is the acidity, it's a tasty wine.
Cabernet Franc ripens nicely in Washington, and has built a bit of a cult following, as it is usually available in tiny quantities from tiny boutiques such as Cuillin Hills. This is a solid effort, loaded with tangy boysenberry and plum-flavored fruit. It's ripe, clean and fruit-driven, and the oak (25% new) lightly handled, adding whiffs of toast and coffee.
Lots of ripe fruit in this wine, offering rich flavors of raspberries, cherries, persimmons and red plums, with a tart note of cranberry. Tastes fresh, lively, and rather young. Drink over the next six years.
A success despite a certain leanness, a young wine in need of mid-term cellaring. Notes of of green olives, bacon, unsweetened dark chocolate, and boysenberries are wrapped in sumptuous, lush tannins that melt on the palate. This bone dry wine needs rich meats.
From the eastern slopes of the hill of Brouilly, this attractive, open and fruity selection shows a fine red-fruit character that's laced with fresh acidity. It has a firm structure, which creates a solid base for the fruitiness. Drink now.
This blend of Verdejo and Viura deals floral aromas along with hints of honey, apple and peach. It's zesty enough in the mouth, with ripe peach and melon flavors, but it's not sweet. The texture on the finish holds up to scrutiny and the afterflavors are good. Drink now.
Lots of crunchy acidity in this Chardonnay, and smoky oak too, with buttered toast and pineapple jam flavors. Tastes rich, clean, fine and opulent, in the California style. fine and opulent, in the California style.
89–91. Barrel sample. Showing rich fruit, this is a juicy, red berry flavored wine. It's ripe and ver fruity, its firm tannins well integrated into the full fruitiness. Likely to be for medium-term aging.
Fresh and immediately appealing for its silky texture and forward flavors of cherries, cotton candy, vanilla and sweet, smoky oak. But this is no mere taste treat. It's a serious, layered Pinot Noir, whose vital balance will help it evolve over the next six years.
A bit reserved on the nose at first, this stylishly labeled bottling offers aromas of bright red fruit, crushed graphite and light fennel. Flavors are a bit simple though completely pleasant, with sagebrush spicing up the darker cranberry fruit.
Firm and full bodied, this conveys aromas of mature, dark berry, allspice, coffee and Mediterranean herb. The rich palate offers a core of juicy black cherry, while notes of black pepper, cinnamon and clove provide backup. It's smooth and round with supple tannins.
This Sangiovese, Merlot and Cab blend is sharp in acidity and has overripe blackberry flavors that veer beyond currants into raisins. Lots of new oak adds char and vanilla. Drink now.
Delicate scents of white flower and apricot lead the nose. The bright, round palate doles out ripe peach, pear and a hint of hazelnut that lead to a fresh finish.
A sinewy wine that begins with fruits de bois and chocolate, bolstered by cherry notes on the palate and just the faintest splash of tannin. The lovely plum-infused finish goes on and on. Drink with the best wood-burning oven pizza.
Suffers from a burnt taste and an overall rustic mouthfeel, neither of which will age away. Although the wine is dry, it's hot and clumsy.
Aliso opens with ripe fruit aromas of blackberry jam and cinnamon bread. It's a simple, plush red wine that would pair well with pasta, meatloaf or roast beef.
Deeply toasted notes emerge first and segue to tobacco, almond nut, cola and spice. There's not much vibrant fruit this vintage but the wine tastes full and ripe nonetheless.
With rich, fine tannins and a grilled meat edge to the blackberry, currant and black pepper flavors, this bone-dry Syrah offers lots of pleasure. If it were more concentrated, the score would soar, but still, it's a pretty elegant wine.
Fragrant floral and fruit tones characterize this luminous Chardonnay from northern Italy and give the wine a cheerful aromatic lift and a sense of liveliness. This is a well-made, simple but crisp wine with a nice feeling of density and creaminess in the mouth.
Here's a delicious, focused Nero d'Avola that seamlessly weaves together blue flower, tilled soil, exotic incense, blackberry, blueberry, black pepper, carob and subtle oak sensations. The chiseled palate is balanced, with silky tannins. Enjoy now through 2019.
Light almost to the point of inconsequence, this floral, citrusy Riesling is off dry in style, with modest apple and citrus flavors. Drink now.
Delicate black cherry, forest floor and leather aromas lead the nose. The dense palate delivers mature black plum, vanilla and star anise flavors supported by ripe tannins. Drink 2018–2023.
The nose is shy but eventually offers suggestions of black cherry, underbrush, grilled herb and a balsamic note. The firm palate offers raspberry jam, licorice and a hint of coco alongside austere, drying tannins that leave an astringent finish.
From vines at La Sambinerie in Romanèche-Thorins, this ripe fruity wine is rich and full-bodied. It has spice, light tannins and juicy black-cherry fruits. With acidity and structure at the end, it is a fine wine, ready to drink.
A barrel-fermented blend of Semillon and Sauvignon Blanc, this is a great wine to drink with almost anything. It's stylishly dry and crisp with acids, with a creamy texture framing subtle flavors of lime, gooseberry and dried herbs.
The year 2009 seems to have been a tannic one in Fleurie, producing wines that will benefit from some aging. This fits that bill well, a mineral and austere black fruit flavored wine, with a smoky aftertaste to go with tight acidity.
88-90. Barrel sample. This firmly tannic wine has a dry character that lays over lighter fruits. With soft spice and some sweetness, this wine is developing already.
Ad Libitum opens with a particularly spicy nose with tones of clove, crushed black pepper and ripe fruit or plum. It offers soft, ripe fruit nuances in the mouth and could pair with marinated pork or lamb.
An attractively perfumed wine that adds Muscadelle to the blend. That gives a spicy, bright character as well as fragrant acidity to accompany the lime and peppered pear fruitiness. Drink now.
Lots of enjoyable cherry, currant, licorice and sandalwood flavors in this dry, crisp Pinot Noir. Firm tannins give it some toughness, but it doesn't seem to be an ager, so drink over the next 3–4 years.
Outstanding. Almost equal parts Cab and Merlot, this wine is immature now, all primary cherry and currant fruit, unintegrated oak and chunky tannins. But it's a stunning wine, brilliant and pure, with a rich earthiness. You can drink it now, with a few hours of decanting, but it will be best after 2010 and beyond.
Green aromas of grass and mint lead the way on this unspecified blend of red grapes. The palate is full and solid in feel, while sweet, almost candied flavors of blackberry finish creamy but with a sweetness that seems artificial.
Bright, saturated, and deeply colored, this poster child Merlot proves that there is no other place in the world that can do Merlot in this style. Magnificent in color, aroma, depth and texture; it is polished, elegant, firm and confident. Blossom, fruit, herb and barrel aromas are beautifully interwoven. The tightly packed fruit has it all, from red, blue and black berries on to cherry and cassis. The mid-palate, though quite full, is fleshy and tight. The acids are firm but not sour, the tannins fine and smooth and ripe. The finish, still young and compact, hints at an almost existential longevity.
A spicy, muscular example of Hermitage, this wine features red currant flavors tinged with darker shades of cassis and chocolate. It's slightly creamy in the mouth, turning dry and tannnic on the finish. Drink 2010–2020.
Herbal, foresty aromas are followed by a palate that delivers strawberry fruit and some light oak. Not a prime-time wine due to a biting lean finish and thin mouthfeel. Lots of red fruit throughout, but also drying tannins.
Fascinating earthy, spicy aromas and flavors give an extra dimension to this full-bodied and richly textured wine. New leather, cardamom, and cumin scents infuse the aroma, while ripe but not sweet black currant, dark cherry and clove flavors flood the palate. It's rich enough to enjoy now but will be best after 2019.
Like most Tapestry offerings, this wine shows plenty of cedary and cinnamon-like oak, but the soft plum and blackberry fruit serve to provide balance. It's full and creamy-textured in the mouth, then finishes with some warmth and a burst of tart acidity for balance. Drink now-2017.
Fresh and fragrant, this offers aromas of rose and violet with a whiff of woodland berry. The elegant palate delivers bright red cherry, crushed strawberry, clove and peppercorn alongside polished tannins and fresh acidity. Drink through 2020.
Very soft and sweet in dessert pastry flavors. Not much structure, but delicious in cherry- and raspberry- pie filling flavors.
This impressive Rosso delivers a silky and smooth texture, with aromas of bright fruit backed by toasted nut and spice. The balance and overall harmony of the mouthfeel are what set this wine apart.
Blackberry and cassis aromas are ripe and floral like violets. The palate is more tannic than fully built. Berry and plum flavors show tea and light herbal notes, while flavors of coffee, thyme and plum share space on a bright finish.
Mulchy on the nose, with compost, leather and purple fruit notes. There's decent body to the wine but the flavors are stalky and green, with burnt, stemmy leftovers on the finish. A blend of 60% Malbec and 40% Cabernet Sauvignon.
Once past an element of burnt rubber that mingles with the ripe blackberry aromas, this becomes a hearty and concentrated wine yet one with very moderate alcohol. It has plenty of tannins to add texture, and enough concentration to keep the vivid berry and wood smoke flavors lingering on the finish. It's made without adding sulfites.
This is an extremely aromatic and floral Sauvignon that delivers an intense bouquet of sage, exotic fruit and tomato leaf. It earns high marks for personality and good cheer and offers zesty lemon flavors on the finish.
This is a relatively light-bodied and elegant version of the variety, softly approachable and enjoyable even in its youth. Leathery pepper sits atop nuanced layers of chocolate and blueberry, with a tang of sour cherry and a leanness to the finish.
Pretty good Merlot for its dryness and classy mouthfeel. Shows blackberry, cherry, herb and oak flavors, with solid tannins. Beginning to dry out, so drink now.
This Verdicchio opens with floral aromas of Spanish broom and acacia, along with a hint of petroleum that recalls Riesling. The linear palate is a bit lean but offers up lemon, bitter almond and mineral notes alongside bright acidity.
This is a fun and informal Soave with vibrant aromas of citrus, peach, white flower and mineral. It tastes fresh and crisp and would pair with fried finger foods.
Yellow in color, with heavy popcorn oak and aromas of burnt almonds. The flavors are of melon rind and buttered toast, and while the finish isn't exactly cloying, it's definitely thick and grabbing. Seemingly 1998 is just too old for a white wine with a pedestrian pedigree.
Nice, plummy, strawberry and black raspberry fruit anchors this smooth, forward Cabernet. There's a slap of tangy cranberry in there also; it isn't softened to the point of being spineless. The finish is a bit chalky.
Les Meslaines is the name of the parcel of Pinot Noir that produces this Blanc de Noirs. It has richness, a ripe character with fresh apricot flavors, a Champagne that has the weight of a wine. It could do with bottle age, but for freshness drink now.
This is a fruity, juicy wine that Heifara Swartvagher made to be drunk young. With black currant freshness over firm, dry tannins, it's ripe, packed with attractive fruitiness and ready to drink.
Dark and fairly big for a Pinot, almost Grenache-like in its weight and full-bodied mouthfeel. Tastes rich in cherry pie with the crust, blackberry jam, licorice, bacon, cola and black pepper. Dry and luscious, but a bit muscular now. Needs time, and should improve by 2012.
The vineyard is relatively new, and the block from which this wine was made is entirely Dijon clone 777. It's a rich, fruit-forward wine, brimming with crushed cherry pulp and black raspberries, to which charred oak barrels have lent richer notes of mocha. The wine also is quite dry and acidic and even tannic, in Farrell's usual style. That should lend it ageworthiness.
Filippone is a 50-50 blend of Sangiovese and Merlot that is layered tight with aromas of wild berries, blue flower, plush cherry, moist earth and a touch of playful spice. The structure is firm without being hard and the wine would pair with pasta or meat.
This dessert-style wine is very fruity, quite sweet and boosted in alcohol. It has a spicy, earthy aroma, lots of plum and prune flavors, a rich mouthfeel and lingering finish.
From a number of old-vine parcels, designated in the past as L-O and only produced in the best years, this wine is beautifully ripe with great layers of rich apple and pear fruits. They are cut with zesty acidity and a more mineral aspect. The wine still needs to age further, so drink from 2019.
Dry and crisp and with some complexity. The oak is 50% new and very evident in the smoky caramel, while the fruit veers toward peaches and pineapples. As is often the case with Napa Chard, there's a sweet, herbal quality. Drink now through 2009.
This blend of Syrah and Grenache is hard and tough, with stringy, dry tannins and flavors of vegetables and cherry cough syrup. Lots of new French oak does little to make it more palatable.
Lightly chocolaty and herbal, the reserve is marginally fruitier than the regular 2005 Syrah, with the same mix of cherry tobacco and licorice. Tannins are chewy and quite dry.
Emozione is a lovely sparkling wine with a floral fragrance of acacia and orange blossom. The palate offers white peach and apricot flavors, along with toasted walnut notes. It's long and linear, with a refined perlage.
Fragrant red and black currant aromas pervade on the nose of this blend of Merlot, Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot. A lively palate of tart berries and worn leather is supported by chalky tannins and vibrant acidity.
An excellent introduction to the wines of Cornas, this is a gently structured example, but one that shows ample complexity. Coffee, herb and green olive notes intertwine with a smoky, bacon-like element. An espresso note and soft tannins linger on the finish. Drink now–2020.
Dry River doesn't get a ton of press for its Chardonnay, but this is a terrific example of what Martinborough can do. Restrained toast and oak-spice elements complement fruits that range from melon to apple and citrus. It's medium in body, with a long, crisp, citrusy finish. Drink it over the next 5–6 years.
An earthy dimension still clings to the zesty notes on the nose but on the palate a whole load of citrus flavors are expressed without strain: For now, lemon and the tangy zest of tangerine carry everything on this slender but concentrated wine to a glorious, totally refreshing finish. This is the glory of youth but with such purity and bundled energy this has a long, promising and decidedly delicious future. Drink 2016–2036.
A field mix of seven varieties, this is a sanguine, thick and rich wine, softly layered in licorice, fig and cranberry, with a big presence on the palate. Dusty and leathery, it begs emphatically to be paired with pizza.
Fronton's Négrette grape is found in few other places. Made 100% from the single variety, this wine displays the grape's juicy character as well as the spice and violet aromas and damson flavors. The wine is made to be drunk young.
Lean and evolved, this offers raisin, espresso, orange zest and grilled sage notes. Bracing tannins leave an abrasive finish.
Concentrated lavender and incense aromas make for a woody perfume on the nose of this appellation blend, giving lots of character to the core of cherry syrup. The palate shows the same levels of intense incense and purple flowers, which nearly overpowers the cranberry and pomegranate fruits.
Here's a wine that, while expressing the structure of the vintage, brings warmth and a rich blackberry flavor as well. It has a fine texture and a firm, upright feel. Ready for drinking in a year.
Fun and refreshing, this über-simple sparkler offers green apple and grapefruit sensations. Racy acidity and vivacious bubbles keep it crisp and informal.
Delicious and wood-aged , this is a cool wine from a hot place. With as much citrus as tropical fruits, it is crisp, fresh, cut with refreshing acidity that contrasts with the toast and minerality. The wine could be drunk now, although it will be better from 2016.
This blend of 42% Cabernet Sauvignon, 33% Merlot and 25% Cabernet Franc boats ample cassis fruit and is soft and supple in the mouth. So what is holding it back? It thins out a bit on the finish, and some weedy and stable-y notes mark the bouquet. If you're turned off by ultraclean wines made with superripe fruit, give this one a spin.
This bottling masterfully handles the young appellation's tropically inclined fruit, with apple candy aromas and a soft, rich mouthfeel. The flavors nod briefly toward the traditional greener, grassy side of the grape, but it's a smoother experience, less biting, with a hint of barrel smoke.
This straightforward, robust Rosso offers aromas of espresso, underbrush, and black berries. The warm, accessible palate delivers crushed black cherry accented with notes of baking spices and licorice. Enjoy now to capture freshness.
A red fruit flavored wine, light and packed with acidity. The wine may not have the richness of the vintage, but it does have a fine line in red cherry flavors. Drink now.
A solid wine with lots of character and a core of ripe, almost sweet cherry fruit. The sweetness is balanced by complex leather, tarragon and earth aromas, and on the palate by an attractive mineral note that continues to the long finish. Crisp acidity and firm tannins provide a good frame for evolution. Cellar for 3 or 4 years.
This is aged in 100% new American oak, putting tight berry and cassis flavors behind plenty of dried herb notes and astringent tannins. Fine for drinking with a thick steak, but not so much for sipping on its own.
Really too lean and watery to recommend, although it's clean and dry.
High-toned red fruit stars in this wine, a nice showing of the sought-after vineyard site atop Moon Mountain. Soft, elegant and integrated in terms of tannin and oak, it retains the structure and acidity to age well and take on additional complexity. Drink now through 2020.
Extracted in dark blackberry and leather, there's a soft structure that makes this affordable wine work, leaving room for the peppercorn and dried herb so beloved in the variety.
Perfumed and floral on the nose, but there's also a fair degree of crushed stone buffered by hints of green apple and citrus. Flavors are strongly floral and mineral, then finish stony and dry.
A bright golden color and generous, intricate aromas make this dry wine tempting even before sipping. Schramsberg says it has the least residual sugar of any wine they've made in 50 years. It offers light citrus, ginger and honey aromas, then a soft mouthfilling mousse and tangy lemon-lime flavors. Concentrated but steely and nicely bone-dry in texture, the wine will be fantastic with caviar.
This ripe, full wine has layers of green fruits over the acidity and mineral texture. It is structured and shows plenty of tight texture. But the fruitiness dominates, giving a refreshing edge and a crisp aftertaste.
Classic in its aromas, earthiness, zesty acidity and dried fruit character. The mouthfeel is bright, juicy and fresh, with earthy berry flavors, a mild baked element, chocolate notes and leather. Expands on the finish, and overall this is a textbook wine that's honest and sings of what Rioja represents.
This ripe and rounded wine features soft tannins and generous fruitiness. Cherries dominate along with juicy plums, all cut by acidity. An edge of tannins give weight and a concentrated feel. Drink now, but even better wait until 2015.
An interesting wine, grown in Cabernet country, that's as full-bodied as a red wine. The flavors are solidly Viognier, though, with exotic tropical fruits and wild flowers that drink almost off-dry. Plenty of oak and sur lie aging provide textural complexities.  —S.H.
Aromas of superripe red fruit and charred wood match the soft mocha and red fruit flavors on this Croatian red made from the Teran grape. Finishes a bit sour with mouth-puckering acidity and tannins.
Too young now. The wine is tannic and acidic, with cherry-berry flavors. It's not really very interesting; instead it's kind of raw and dry. Maybe it will go someplace.
This tight and mineral wine reflects the granite terroir on which it is grown. It was made with semi-carbonic cold maceration without addition of yeast or SO2. The fruit is still lean and needs time to round out and balance the acidity. Drink from 2016.
A full-bodied expression of the variety, blended with 5% Cabernet Sauvignon, this soft, rounded wine is dense in blueberry and currant, with a complexity of leather, pencil and soy. A pinpoint of reduction on the finish gives it a tinge of bitterness.
A serious and structured wine, N'Antia shows spicy black cherry and tobacco aromas, and plenty of toasty new oak as well. It's firm and somewhat tight right now, with bitter chocolate, cherry and mineral flavors peeking through the oaky frame. More of the delicate cherry fruit starts to emerge on the finish. A year or two of bottle age will bring this beauty around
Wonderfully fruity, this is a clean, crisp and food-friendly rosé. It poised and elegant, with a ripe fruit character that's balanced by taut acidity and lime zest flavor.
A fresh wine with juicy red fruits, but weighed down by harsh tannins. The mouthfeel is dry, just bitter. It's only in the finish that good fruit acidity shows through.
Dark and brooding, this Cuvée of Cabernet Sauvignon with smaller amounts of Petit Verdot and Malbec opens with spicy acidity before it delves into mouthcoating layers of mocha and black licorice. Nearly black in color and definitely full bodied, it finishes with length and a strong seasoning of cinnamon.
A lovely, delicate Pinot Noir, with vibrant acidity that creates a searing cut across the palate and into the finish. Bone dry, with subtle flavors of cranberry and sour cherry, it needs food. Try with ahi tuna, either tartare or grilled, or beef carpaccio.
The legendary Mouchão, one of Portugal's most revered wines, has finally made it to this country. Made in traditional open stone fermenters, this is not a modern wine. It's a wine, whose dark tannins and dense fruits demand attention and time. At this stage—six years in—it remains a baby, but in another five years, it will start to be a great wine, one that will show a hedonistic mix of power and beauty.
WIth cinnamon-tinged lushness on the nose, this Petite is inviting from the start. It delves satisfyingly into raspberry and blackberry flavors with bits of toast and tar, especially on the finish. Soft and layered with a tannic bite, it's ready to drink now or lay down for several years.
Kestrel vineyard grapes (75% Cabernet Sauvignon/25% Cabernet Franc) are sourced to make this wine. This follow-up  to the inaugral 2002 seems tannic, hard, and volatile. Give it plenty of air and it smoothes out some, but still hits that hard, green, tannic wall. Chewy, highly astringent and disjointed. The plastic cork seems out of place in a wine at this price point.
With all the freshness given by the Négrette, this is a red fruit dominated wine, its acidity ripe, touched by candy and strawberries. This is a wine to drink now, with all the crispness of 2004 still in place.
Perfumed plum and raspberry aromas are slightly earthy and leathery. This is medium-to-full in body, with smooth, chunky tannins. Earthy, lightly baked plum and wild-berry flavors finish loamy and expansive. Drink through 2017.
An easy to like Merlot, with the weight of Cabernet. Smooth, ripely soft tannins, lots of smoky new oak, and true varietal flavors of ripe cherries, black raspberries, cocoa and vanilla. Finishes soft and fruity.
There are some interesting things here, and also some problems. On the plus side is a dry, silky mouthfeel and a persistence of cherries into the finish. But this Pinot is overly soft, and those cherries are kind of one-dimensional.
Can Blau's wines are always black in color and fully extracted. This is no different, and its aromas of boysenberry and wood smoke are inviting. Full, flush and meaty on the palate, this multigrape blend pours on the black plum, blackberry and boysenberry flavors, while the finish is dense and chocolaty. Drink through 2020.
Intense aromas of candied orange peel and honeycomb are accented by pollen and spice on the nose of this rich, mouth-clinging ice wine. The palate is sunny and plush, marked by sunny acidity and ripe yellow apple and tangerine flavors. A lingering thread of bitter cardamom and spice lend interest to the finish.
A pretty Pinot, showing just the right balance of weight and fruit. It's light and silky in the mouth, but the raspberry and dried red currant flavorsare developed and delicious. With crisp acidity, it's fine for drinking now with lamb, steak, salmon or tuna.
The nose isn't very expressive but the firm palate delivers red berry, menthol and baking spice. Assertive refined tannins provide the backbone. Give this time to fully develop.
This succulent wine's bright, well-defined fruit flavors of pineapple, grapefruit and citrus add life and lift across the entire palate. The fruit is the star here, and whatever new oak has been applied has been used well. There is just the right touch of butterscotch and toasted almond on the finish, but the fruit keeps the flavors rolling through the back of the palate for a long, leisurely ride.
A simple but effective Chardonnay. It gets the basics right, with apricot, pear and orange juice flavors, with a touch of buttercream.
Warm and toasty, with heavy aromas of vanilla and nuts along with a soft, creamy, low-acid palate to match. The wine pours on the banana, oak and vanilla flavors before turning flat on the back end. Ripe and friendly but not much power.
This is a dark, earthy wine. Clove and leather notes accent modest black-cherry fruit, but the texture is plush and silky, making it approachable now.
Made from Sangiovese selected from top sites in Carpineto's Poggio Sant'Enrico vineyards and aged in barriques, this wine opens with plum, underbrush and coffee aromas. The palate is youthful and well balanced, delivering restrained black fruit, spice, espresso and oak flavors. Drink after 2016.
This wine leads with vanilla over characteristic varietal notes. The palate is spritzy, while modest flavors of nectarine and citrus finish light.
Jammy strawberry, crushed raspberry and mineral aromas define the bouquet. The palate is lifted by good acidity, while flavors of vanilla and tomato accent the raspberry and plum fruits. Fresh and subtle on the finish, this is a middleweight wine with a juicy disposition.
Sweet, tropical aromas lead the way, followed by notes of melon and vanilla. It feels fresh, with citrus and lychee flavors. The finish is tropical and green tasting, with nervy acidity.
Buttery warmth shows on the nose of this wine by vintner Travis Proctor, alongside poached pear fruit and an iodine edge. Featuring original artwork by James Caprell on the label, the wine offers pan-seared golden apples, tart pear skin and more of the iodine edge once sipped.
Blackberry, black cherry and blueberry aromas are cut by complex hints of dark chocolate and nutmeg on this Cabernet Franc and Merlot blend. The tannins are quite firm on the palate, framing black plums, vanilla, caramel, dill and dried mint flavors. Drinking 2018–2030 will allow more black cherry and blueberry character to evolve on the sip.
This is a perfectly good, honest Chilean SB with snappy, pungent aromas of gooseberry, grapefruit and lime. The mouth is racy as it should be, with textbook lime, grapefruit, nettle and pithy flavors. If there's any drawback, it's on the finish, which ends with bitterness.
A blend of 51% Cabernet and 49% Merlot, this is fully mature and not likely to improve further, but it is a rich, succulent mouthful of red wine. Savory and sweet elements combine easily, mingling meat and umami notes with plummy fruit and cigarbox nuances.
This ripe Chardonnay has a soft texture and only the lightest minerality. It is fresh, tangy with lemon-zest flavors and refreshing acidity. The aftertaste with a burst of crispness is particularly attractive.
Released, for some reason, at the age of four-plus years, this Syrah is losing fruit and showing its age. It's dry and tannic and showing some vegetal, herbal bones, but with enough of a blackberry and cherry coat to get by. Not going anywhere.
There's a highly stemmy quality to this interesting wine from one of the appellation's multi-generation families. The nose shows funky herbs, papilla chile and raspberry extract, leading into a very spicy, savory palate of marjoram, Indian spices and green olive laid across pungent cranberry fruits. It's a winner for fans of stem inclusion.
Parceto is an earthy, resiny wine with loads of ripe fruit and dark spice elements. Smoke, mesquite and barbecue tones come though on the wine's long, but not overly intense fade.
Light red-fruit aromas include a note of chewing gum. This wine is medium in body and solid in feel. Currant and nectarine flavors are basic and snappy, persisting on the finish.
This 100% varietal wine is a blend of fruit from Grand Ciel (42%), Upchurch (31%), Ciel du Cheval (19%) and Klipsun vineyards. Wound-up aromas of black cherry and barrel spice are followed by pitch-black-fruit flavors, with the tannins combed to a fine sheen. It flat out impresses.
Despite plenty of vanilla and oak on the nose, this Cab Franc is powerful enough to show plenty of varietal character: scents of tobacco and flowers are accented by just the merest hint of green bean. On the palate, the cassis fruit stands out, shaded by layers of cinnamon and clove, with less weight than a Napa Cabernet Sauvignon. Supple, spicy and long on the finish.
This perenially mediocre wine is a little worse in 2012. It smells blowsy, floral and strange, while in the mouth it's like oaky apple cider. Flavors of cider and faux oak are less than impressive, as is the overall balance.
This wood-aged wine comes from a small parcel of old vines in the Quinta Nova vineyard. With its ripe, smooth and creamy texture, it has a full, almost Burgundian feel. Ripe peach combines with vanilla to make a wine that has concentration and richness, cut with final acidity.
This is a Portuguese classic. Made in a structured style, it is dry with plenty of tannins under the fruit. It is a real food wine, with its black-currant flavors firmly under control. The wine will be ready to drink from late 2017.
This Barolo shows the forwardness of the vintage—it's delicious now. The fragrance shows ripe plum, balsamic herbs and a whiff of leather. The palate offers lush black cherry and plum flavors layered with coffee and chocolate notes and big but ripe tannins. Imported by Superior Wines and Specialty Cellars.
Made from certified biodynamic grapes and the Musqué clone, this is crisp with a creamy texture and a long finish. Tasting of brioche, lemon chiffon and wood, it screams out for seafood.
A traditional Riesling in the dry style, this wine is crisp and clean to the point of austerity, with the main components reduced to green apple, lime and chalky minerality. Long and tart on the finish. Drink now for its briskness, or try extended aging to see if honeyed complexity emerges in a decade or more.
Bright pink in color, this is a fresh wine with some citrus character that gives crispness. A sweeter side shows at the end and gives a soft aftertaste.
Clear and lucid to the eye, this Verdejo shows pine, grapefruit, orange and apple aromas along with oily pith. The mouthfeel is more plump and wet than defined, while lychee and melon flavors are offset by tolerable bitter pyrazines and grapefruit flavors.
Aromas of flowers, herb, wood spice and dark fruit lead to plentiful dark-berry flavors. It shows the warmth of the vintage.
Barrel influences takes over aromatically, with notes of wood, toast and dark chocolate in front of golden raisins, with the fruit seeming somewhat dried out. The palate brings tart cranberry and cherry flavors that show a sense of liveliness. Good things are going on but the aromas and palate seem a bit disconnected at present.
Steve Leveque, the winemaker at Chalk Hill, is doing everything right. Everything he touches is gold, including Cabernet. The '03 is extraordinarily balanced and beautiful, a dry, ripe wine of power and full-bodied substance, but enormous subtlety. The cassis fruit meshes seamlessly with toasty new oak to produce compellingly complex flavors. Drink now through 2010.
Blended from selected vineyards across the Sonoma Coast near Carneros, including the producer's own estate, this wine is made to be approachable and ready to go. It was aged in neutral oak casks, stainless steel and some larger neutral French oak. Herb and mint stand out against a backdrop of rustic black cherry.
A lovely Chardonnay to drink tonight, this one, from the winery's fine Carneros vineyard on the Napa side, shows bright, mineral-infused pineapple, lime and spicy clove and pepper flavors. The acidity will balance a rich dish, such as seared scallops in a coconut-curry sauce.
Some good things are going on with this wine, including abundant red fruit and a soft feel. However the wood overpowers them with strong aromas and flavors of vanilla, dill and coconut along with a bitter note that distracts.
Fiery stuff with aromas that suggest cheese and leather. The mouth has a forward feel and then leafy, herbal berry flavors with sides of compost and leather. Lightly herbal on the finish, and while it's big, sweet and chunky, it doesn't click to the maximum.
Ferrari's sparkling wines are always creamy and smooth. This Perlé Brut expression opens with fine nuances of baked bread, almond and mature fruit followed by brighter tones of citrus and honey.
Crisp, steely and linear with grapefruit and pineapple flavors, this is a refreshing Pinot Gris from one of Lake County's newer sub-appellations. It's an interesting contrast to the winery's upfront and fruity Pinot Grigio. On the finish there's a hint of tree nuts.
Saxum has taken a considerable price increase with the '05, which is a blend of Syrah and Grenache, with a touch of Mourvedre. It's a soft, rich wine, powerful in red and black currant, cherry liqueur, chocolate and licorice   flavors. It's also fairly tough in tannins, although acidity is low. That gives it a slight rusticity. Drink now.
A fresh, lemon-scented wine, with white flower aromas and soft, crisp lime flavors. The wine has some softness as well as an attractive zesty finish. Screwcap.
Vendôme's situation, north of the River Loire, naturally lends itself to this bright style of rosé. It has a fine structure, forward red fruits and a light vanilla touch, well balanced and ready for food.
This starts with a smoky aroma, like charred steak over the grill. Then highly concentrated fruit flavors zoom across the tongue, along with very firm tannins and powerful, ripe blackberry and blueberry flavors backed by a mouth-coating texture. It's an unusually focused and structured wine.
A slight herbal edge graces the dark plum and cassis fruit aromas and flavors of this wine, with a straightforward and overall quite approachable character. Medium weight in the mouth with light tannins and an easy finish. Drink now.
There's a tiny bit of effervescence in this twist-top bottling, which shows light cola, red cherry and pencil shaving notes on the nose. The entry to the palate is soft, bringing tart cranberry and thyme flavors, with a light vanilla note on the finish.
The blend is 70% Pinot Blanc, with Riesling and Pinot Noir splitting the rest. The winery calls it a “red-style white” and it has some tawny color from five days fermenting on the skins. But it's simply odd, flat and lifeless, with dusty generic fruit.
Horse & Plow turns out so many lovely wines it's heartbreaking not to include this one in the mix. It was sourced from one of the great organic Mendocino vineyards, old vines no less, but there just wasn't much there, the wine tasting tight without much fruit.
Yellow fruits lead off this sophisticated wine. With its creamy texture, overlaid by a more steely texture, it's a wine that has aging potential as well as present fruitiness for early drinking. So age for four years or give in to the freshness now. Screwcap.
Very ripe and aromatic, throwing out cascades of inviting scents. New toasty oak dominates, with undercurrents of blackberry jam, blueberry, mocha and anise. In the mouth, huge, lush, powerful, an explosively fruity young wine, yet maintains balance and elegance. Really good. Best now–2015.
Initially earthy in character, this is a powerful blend of Touriga Nacional with Bordeaux grapes. It is still young, but is showing a great intensity and concentration. It has weight and a firm core of very dry tannins interwoven with black, juicy fruits. It should develop into a complex, rich wine. Drink from 2017.
A selection of the best lots of the vintage, here sourced entirely from biodynamically-farmed blocks of the Maresh Vineyard in the Dundee Hills. Among the most Burgundian of all Oregon Pinots, this complex, cellar-ready wine shows ripe red and black fruits, old vine hints of dried leaves, light herb and autumnal profundity.
This is Midnight's most expensive red, a blend of all five Bordeaux reds. Like its other '04 reds, it shows great poise and balance, with very ripe fruit in equilibrium with strong tannins, new oak and just-so acidity. The result is just fine. Midnight has quietly been working at its reds for years, and it shows.
This moderately aromatic wine offers notes of yellow apple, flowers and ale. It's medium bodied with watery fruit flavors, pulling up short on the back half.
Light bodied and fruit-driven, this wine leads with refreshing, easy citrus notes and friendly red apple nuances. It finishes dry.
Pieropan's base Soave is not labeled “Classico” only because the wine is packaged in a screw cap bottle. You'll love the fresh notes here of chopped sage, citrus, pear and spring flower. Fifteen percent Trebbiano di Soave is added to the blend.
Small in production and clearly defined from Carneros, this Blanc de Noirs blends 92% Pinot Noir with 8% Chardonnay to great effect. Pretty in peach color, the intense flavors are a combination of fresh-cut herb and strawberry kirsch.
An attractive pale-pink color and light red-berry aromas introduce this fruity and fresh wine. It is crisp with red fruit flavors that are bright and lively. Acidity and a light texture make this a fine apéritif style of wine.
The most structured of Trinchero's single-vineyard Cabernets, with supple tannins to counter the lush chocolate, cassis and tobacco flavors. Longest on the finish as well.
This is a well made Gewürz that just lacks a bit of intensity. Pear, spice and a hint of pineapple on the nose; pineapple and pear flavors in the mouth. Finishes crisp and mouthwatering, bringing you back for another sip. Imported by Wimbledon Wine Company.
This Burgundian-styled Oz Pinot is harmonious and sturdy, though a little tight and sour at this stage. Tree bark and meat aromas usher in mixed cherries, orange peel and oak flavors. Medium-long and chewy on the finish. Could benefit from a few years in the cellar. Imported by Epic Wines.
Shy aromas of crisp yellow apple and brown sugar follow up on the palate, with compelling hints of orange blossom along the way. Quaffable and likable, it's made from 100% Chardonnay and finishes mellow and refined.
Monterey's cool-climate flavors of lemons and limes marry richer, more tropical Santa Barbara notes in this creamy smooth Chardonnay. Oak plays a prominent role, lending an edge of vanilla and buttered toast. This is a very good price for the quality.
Now for something completely different. Wild strawberry leads the way aromatically on this lean, high-toned Cabernet, lower in alcohol than most of its peers. The fruit is tight and structured, the wine angular and soft, with a seasoning of herb on the finish.
A touch of earthy peach appears on the nose. The palate repeats that earthy peach theme and adds some lemon freshness. This is aromatic, off dry and should be drunk while flavors are at their peak.
Berry, baking spice, dried iris, mint and a hint of vanilla come together on this structured wine. On the palate, notes of white pepper, sage, anise, orange zest and yellow peach accent the red cherry core while a balsamic note closes the finish. Firm, refined tannins provide the backbone.
This is a lightweight, refreshing rosé, with charming aromas and flavors of crushed stone, tart cherries and fresh limes and a crisp, citrusy finish. Drink it up before winter.
Lightly volatile, balsamic aromas blend with cedary notes and berry scents. This feels round and fresh, which is typical of the Uco Valley. Blueberry, spiced plum and cassis flavors finish with chocolaty oak and mocha flavors as well as juicy acidity.
This seems as if it was assembled from lesser barrels. It's pleasant, very light, simple and tart; the dominant flavor is cranberry juice.
Immediately this wine stands out from most Aragón-region Garnachas. It's deep and poised, with smoky blackberry aromas. The palate is deftly woven, saturated and meaty but also creamy and smooth, with mocha and controlled tannins. Freshness is not lost despite its modern, clean power. Drink now through 2013.
This estate selection is herbal and tart, with a mix of cranberry and strawberry fruit. It has tangy acidity also, and would best be drunk with a roast of pork or poultry.
Rather oily and hard on the nose, with dried cheese, brett, mint and black fruit. The palate is rich and extremely forward, and the flavors are sweet but not that substantive or complex. Chocolate and mocha on the finish are about as much carry-through as you get.
Produced just north of Sancerre, this wine shares many of the fresh, lightly herbal characters of those wines, just on a smaller, softer scale. Fruity with lemon zest and crisp acidity, it is ready to drink now, though will be better from late 2016.
This is an elegant wine that's finely balanced with acidity and a chalky, steely texture. The wine is delicate, fresh and very perfumed. The acidity on the finish lends a highly-strung, tense aftertaste.
This gets special attention because winemaker Kevin Riley is one of the few to engage with old vines of the historic Mission grape variety. Light watermelon, orange spritz and wet cement show on the nose, while the slightly watery palate offers red fruit, crushed rock and citrus rinds on the finish.
Onion-skin color leads to a wine that is packed with deep fruit flavors. Considerably dry but a great food wine, with good acidity and ability to age well in bottle. The sample tasted was too young, and needed at least a year's aging. Imported by Domaine Select Wine Estates.
This is one of the vintage's knockout rosés, thanks in part to the Grenache and Gamay grapes that make up the blend. It's pale pink in color, with supple lime pith, strawberry, chalk and melon aromas. The palate is tense with structure, its bubblegum and lemon peel flavors riding a wave of acidity that persists long into the finish.
A heady, minty nose is joined by fuller fruit of green and yellow pear. On the palate, highlights of pepper appear amidst lemon and grapefruit peel. This is sleek and slender, with wonderfully zesty concentration and brisk freshness. Take your time drinking this, there is a lot going on.
Rich and soft, this Castelão-based rosé seems to miss out on freshness and acidity. Instead, it is broad, full in the mouth and heavy. It could work with food.
An assertive oak influence gives this full-bodied wine a cedar and pencil shavings aroma. On the palate ripe black cherry flavors mingle with more spicy, perfumed oak elements. It's quite tannic, but the ripe fruit and oak seem to balance out the astringency in a way that will make it a great match with rich, meaty dishes.
The wine seems soapy and out of focus. It's soft while missing fruit. The acidity and freshness at the end are the best parts.
The grapes are partially severed from the vine, then left to dry prior to harvest. The result is a medium-bodied dessert wine that has become an Australian classic, with intense pineapple and citrus flavors that echo through the long, balanced finish. Imported by USA Wine West.
Crisp, dry, light wine, its freshness coming from redcurrant fruits. A gentle caramel overlay gives extra weight.
The red-berry aromas and flavors suffer from a tinge of bell peppers. The herb accents, decent fruit-to-acid balance and nice earthiness on the finish are all positive, but the vegetal cast keeps this otherwise solid wine from being more than good.
This is a little too heavy and full bodied, but it's bone dry and rich in blackberry and currant flavors, with an earthiness that suggests mushrooms. Drink over the next year or two.
Highlighted in Rainier cherry and cassis fruit, with a core of high acidity, this is a drinkable, affordable red wine worth looking for.
This New Mexico Mourvèdre has a deep, soulful profile with aromas of blackberry and spice and mouthfilling flavors of blackberry and vanilla toast. Soft but lingering, the wine is an elegant, food-friendly choice.
From vineyards 600 meters above sea level comes a Chard with white peach and mineral notes at its core. On the nose, they're dressed up in a subtle dose of burnt sugar; on the palate, they're backed up with vanilla and floral notes. Soft and even a little oily in feel. 20,000 cases produced. Imported by Cumulus Wines Inc.
Underbrush, spiced plum, vanilla and French oak are some of the aromas you'll find on this full-bodied red. The dense palate offers dried black cherry, toast, coconut, licorice and oak-driven spice alongside round tannins. A walnut note closes the finish. Drink soon.
Rich and oaky, this has apricot, orange, vanilla and buttered toast flavors, with crisp acidity providing balance. It takes the popular Chardonnay style to an upper level in terms of the balance and the fanciness of oak.
Sugary sweet, one-dimensional and slightly vegetal, this red blend has indistinct flavors of red stone fruits.
Behind the aromas of peach and apricot, you'll get distant shadings of toasted nut that that recall honey and almond. The wine is simple, refreshing and genuine and its texture is lean and easy-drinking.
The nose on this bottling is classic for the grape: blackberry, dried lilacs, wet asphalt, beef char and black rocks. The palate is more muddled, with flavors of clay and freshly turned earth, without much spice or fruit to note.
This is a great example of a lower alcohol, somewhat underripe Pinot Noir that shows solid depth and lovable freshness. Lively aromas of black-raspberry sorbet and dark strawberry show on the nose, while the palate picks up a tart cranberry character. White pepper, thyme and juniper enliven the fruity flavors.
This spritzy, 100% Viognier wine delivers melon, citrus zest and floral flavors. It drinks dry, fresh, clean and tart—an unusual interpretation of the variety.
The Kiana bottling, named for the owners' granddaughter, is made with Dijon clones planted in 1996 and 1997. Initially quite tight and unyielding, it first opens into flavors of leaf, herb and green tea. Tucked neatly into the midpalate is a core of good red strawberry/cherry fruit. The tannins are earthy but not rough; everything here is balanced and well-managed; the alcohol a moderate 14.3%.
Considering the average reputation of the 2007 vintage, this is a very drinkable wine. It is maturing, with a developed color and mushroom flavors. The acidity and the soft structure both show a wine that's ready to drink.
From a famously mineral vineyard site, this wine does show a certain dusty, talcum-powder note of astringency on the finish. It also features modest apple, lemon and lime aromas and flavors reminiscent of pears and citrus. For a spätlese, it's on the dry side, its sugars balanced by crisp acids.
Generous, rich and ripe, this boasts black fruits and sweet tannins. With layers of new wood, this is a wine that shows attractive fruitiness now and has considerable aging ability.
Barrel-fermented and aged briefly in 20% new French oak, this wine offers a whiff of barrel reduction before revealing a well-defined profile of lemon and stone fruit. From vineyards in both Dry Creek and Sonoma valleys, it wears its oak well, finishing crisp and salty.
There's almost nothing here except alcohol, acidity and a drop of citrus. Really a hard wine to find anything nice to say about.
This is an oaky, woody and somewhat harsh white wine, made with the addition of 8% Sémillon.
