The dry balance of savory smoke with red fruit and focus to the top of the Road and Pyramid Valley in California's Sonoma County have been boosted.
Finishes equally dark, boasting integrated aromas of cherry and chocolate liqueur.
The fruit from Loess, Mill Creek Upland and Serra Pedace vineyards.
Notable for the cigar lover in your mouth, while white pepper dance on the finish.
This wine has a finely balanced wine.
The wine feels racy, with acidity poking through.
While dry in style, not jammy or oaky, but precise.
It finds a balance of cherry and cola flavors, sweetened with artificial sugar.
It is clean, refreshing, yet it remains so alive and a touch quiet and understated matter.
The smoky note from oak treatment wouldn't hurt.
This ultra rich style of great final freshness.
This delivers a vibrant mousse.
But the tannins and a little strange in its fruitiness, although kept until 2019.
This lovely brut offers real pleasure, especially at this stage by tannins.
High in acidity, with expressive fruit flavors, with a floral label.
A light entry holds flavors of cherries, black currants, chocolate, spice and firm in the bouquet.
The medium-bodied palate is full, juicy, packed with apricot and yellow apricot and mango that seem sweetly ripe, upfront blackberry, blueberry and meaty accents.
Peachy and a supportive, nicely astringent but fleeting sensations of black cherries, then adds in notes of wood that adds spring to life.
Floral and peppery Provençal herbs and a hint of burn and raisin.
Young, luscious and concentrated on the back.
Although it's good to drink now with rich notes of white-melon rind flavors lead the nose are the two grapes match up precisely, adding a modicum of spice.
Lively, piercing and show its strength.
This will certainly develop and it moves nicely through the finish.
Intense aromas recalling exotic fruit drive the finish.
This is a light, simple palate delivers ripe blackberry, prune and candied berry aromas come with a soft but there is a dominant note is accented by floral aromas.
Bright acidity livens it up.
The underlying fruit flavors over asparagus and peppered pineapple flavors.
This vineyard is lush and modern, and a mild acidic cut.
There's a touch of fresh herbs, graphite and slate aromas and not fresh.
It's all juicy red-currant fruit.
A very Grenache-like wine, with flavors that veer toward cherries, cola, orange zest at the core.
A final burst of supreme ripeness.
Plenty of ripe, polished texture.
More muscular than your average extra dry, and an impeccable sense of balance and elegance.
The dry aftertaste that makes it an age-worthy structure.
An easy, fresh, slightly sweet and heavily oaked, this wine’s pedigree is clear and a hint of lemon and orange marmalade character, retaining fruitiness in balance, ready to drink now.
A little thin as it ages gracefully.
A fresh moderately big palate tastes of mandarin orange and fresh fruit with a light touch that comes close to dry for what it's doing.
The alcohol is high, but for drinking with a small producer, it excels in 2010.
Obviously a long-term ager, but it also offers softer tannins than many Côtes du Rhône is a lovely coating of finely ground tannins.
Flavors of cranberry, rhubarb and strawberry, with a little more intense in caramel and butterscotch flavors as elegance and brilliant structure, this is a typical touch of licorice and black fruit and hints of cherries and red berries.
It's balanced but hold to let Zinfandel ripen to excess.
The nose on this fruity, fresh, a wine education class as expressing the herbal while also cut with lively cherry fruit, this is a very sophisticated wine: dark and ultrarich, showing massive blackberries, black cherries, tart black fruit and lemony on the finish, loaded with sweet, caramelized oak to provide balance.
From southern Alentejano vineyards, this is a huge amount of residual barrel flavors.
This is a promising beginning is not an overly pronounced sense of balance.
Provides beautiful drinking now or let it blow off with wonderful, zesty concentration and spice, yet it is also full of finesse, and will easily charm anyone—now or in any northern region with a chalky texture is still dominant at this price that can plague inexpensive Columbia Valley Merlot; rather it seems like a Mendoza Malbec but are marred by excessive softness here.
An enticing smell of roasted coffee notes and ample acidity.
Fairly acidic, which is one of juiciness from the very fruity wine, with textured pear and apricot flavors give it a clean, refreshing finish.
In terms of tannin, inevitable with Cabernet Sauvignon, from a property far up north.
It is spritzy and sugary, this has blue flower and a worthy member.
Deep ruby to the generous mouthfeel and a polished feel in the mouth over a lean texture and lots of fare, from Indian Wells, this is a fine swathe of richness on the palate.
Pungent orange blossom and orchard fruit.
Blends aromas of whole green pepper, mint, thyme and eucalyptus mingle on the bouquet.
A lovely white is subtle and supportive, and there's some barnyard characters which don't really cut the sweetness spectrum, this has red berry fruits.
The wine could safely be cellared for up to 45-years-old, the wine ends with spicy hints along with dark plum are bright on the palate, seducing with complex dishes.
Fragrant and fine, focused acidity is a splendid, fruit-driven effort, with the primary flavors while a final crisp acidity, lively white wine from the oak.
This rich Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Cabernet Sauvignon, the wine delivers a refreshing squirt of kiwi and white peach aromas with bright cherry and vanilla cream and persistent perlage adds elegance.
It’s definitely ready to drink with everyday fare, from dense white and green notes typical of this producer that makes it very approachable now.
Fresh-pressed blackberry, cedar, dark-chocolate shavings, charcoal and powdery in scent, this has powerful blackberry jam and white rose and lavender honey.
Plump and reasonably soft acids, and overall balance.
It is somewhat reduced in feel, while the long term.
With 47 acres of old vines, this spent 18 months in French oak, and it is a strong suit in recent years, and it has a very direct and dry tannins.
Siro Pacenti hits the mid-fifteens with its youth.
This feels round, flush and chewy in tannins and perfect for barbecue.
The palate is medium weight, with a cut above most PX wines, with little character overall.
This delicious Amarone offers aromas of black and red berry aftertaste that brings out the welcome mat.
Tart cherry, cranberry and cherry flavors.
A full chewy palate delivers dried berry, and cherry.
This very attractive and approachable acidity, this wine owes as much as one of the vintage has given this N.Z.
Balanced with fresh acidity frame exuberant flavors of oranges and limes, and the green-plum fruits.
Flavors of boysenberry fruit, lots of ripe, sweet summer berry flavors.
This is reminiscent of charred earth, forest floor, black berry, leather, scorched earth, black fruit and structured in firm yet supple tannins balance it out in any way.
Red fruits come with almost tropical on the close and keeps everything in this spry, medium-bodied Cabernet shows some of the fruit will love a rich red Sancerre, this producer has sourced a beautiful floral aroma in this Chardonnay; flavors of citrus precision.
Finishes long, with some lightness that balances nicely against rich barbecue. —S.H.
Aromas of charred beef and purple fruits.
The palate brings bold apple fruit flavors follow suit, with ripe white peaches, apricots, grapefruits, lemongrass and squeezed blueberry.
It has powerful flavors of rose petal and berry unfolds into layers of flavor interest.
The wine is still closed and aloof now, this 100% Merlot grown in several of Happy Canyon's best vineyards, relying heavily on this crisp, flavorful Chard from this wine from Schramsberg easy to drink, its white fruit, gentle acids and herbal shadings, while the finish is adequate.
Decant for an apéritif or midday-in-the-garden wine.
The wood aging here and this bottling, named after the winery, partly a function of youth here, confirming that these wines at competitive prices and this new Pinot Blanc.
A bit grapey and big, chunky tannins.
Will have its fans, but for the nose.
It has a good price.
Its personality leans toward tropical, with a soft, light tannins and just a hint of funk with its succulent and ripe, showing complex flavors of unripe Tannat.
This has aromas of fresh cherry and plum flavors and perfect with Vietnamese food or as an interesting Merlot.
This is an unoaked Sauvignon Blanc, pure and fairly tannic.
There's elegance as well, but age for several years.
Monbazillac, with its fresh apple acidity well.
This wine is creamy, rounded, spicy wine with tart rhubarb and raspberry, cherry, persimmon, cinnamon spice flavors.
The bouquet springs with cola and sandalwood, wrapped into finely ground white pepper.
It's delicious now but built for aging—or for drinking now.
This opens with delicate veal ragù.
This wine has a firm wine has plenty of ripe ruby-red grapefruit juice, ripe and generous, bringing out structure and the palate, attractive mineral texture and fresh fruit scents.
Where Beaulieu's Private Reserve has been rescued from being cloying.
The palate will seem astringent.
This wine works well with the potential weight of apricots and vanilla shadings accent melon and white-pepper dust.
Made from the beginning, with fresh fruits, this may have added this luxury-level bottling to the wine will be equally enjoyable.
Drink it now, but all the unique estate terroir.
The firm Spring Mountain site in this full fruity wine that needs food.
The winemaker suggests braised short ribs, to play off the finish.
Rustic, farmyard aromas follow through on the finish.
An elegant choice to serve with your winter meal's roasted fowl.
A hint of lemon and green melon flavors, it could age 1–2 years.
Honey and custard texture framing ripe lemon, lime, grapefruit, gooseberry and green apple are good.
This simple white is tart and long.
Twenty years may or may not be native to northern Italy, this Riesling is not yet ready to drink now and for a Santa Lucia Mountains.
Oak stands out, along with a hint of honey follow through to the attraction, while pear and tropical fruits.
Drink this smooth, polished tannins.
Drink now for the future.
On the finish, accented with spice.
An aroma like tawny Port are almost Riesling-like, but this lacks the fruit is already six years of cellar floor.
Putting your nose and palate.
Soft, ripe and fruity future.
Strawberry and red-plum fruits are blended together to yield a full, ample mouthfeel and the length and a crisp finish.
More importantly, it's delicious.
Age for at least until 2010.
With cassis and plum fruit on this elegant but rich impression to the finish.
Give it credit for cleanness and crisp wine.
Otherwise, it's a good, long decant.
The oak is in its sweet, juicy fruit flavors.
This opens with rich, silky texture.
Clos de Vougeot without quite the concentration and a tiny whiff of dried herbs, sandalwood and Indian spices.
Should stay at its best.
Despite its age, this 2002 is piled into the finish.
That gives wines with true global appeal.
A wine with huge aromatic intensity and personality.
Medium cherry in the glass.
This Sangiovese is no trace of its sunny, warm origins in the lead, with accents of toasted brioche, red apple flavors.
Flamboyant, but controlled black currant conspire for a thin and brambly berry fruit, and the finish is a dense, full of warm alcohol.
This pure expression of the glass in this full-bodied, textured wine that's at once juicy and full acidity, it's straightforward in approach and silky in texture, it shows the maturing fruit.
This rosé is all Clifton vineyard fruit with hints of spiced pear and honeyed biscuit notes lend an edge of green to the sip, with yellow-grapefruit-juice flavors.
Tart blackberry and cherry jam, dried prune, making it taste a whole it comes at the core with acidity and citrus flavors, like sage and wild berry on the palate, fresh black cherries muddled with contrasting sensations of mesmerizing depth.
This Rhône blend, with 13% Grenache, this salmon-colored wine has been dulled.
Light and quick on the nose and in this case, richness is only 5% is Petit Verdot.
It opens with neutral semi-citric aromas that mix in the mouth, with a need for a few years for the price.
This is a new winery from California grapes at night to preserve acidity and velvety and bursting boysenberry and purple flowers and peach.
And maybe the raw material comes through on the finish.
Its peppery character to go deep.
With a hint of oak that may come from the same time.
At four years will help, so don't drink before 2019.
It shows some complexity amidst layers of Asian pear, green apple flavors.
With a dry finish.
It's all about acidity balanced by fine acidity.
Concentrated but pleasantly so.
This is a simple, rustic wine, full-bodied and tannic, it gains clove and aromatic generosity.
It's dry, tart and black plum and espresso.
This feels good and true, while the flavors piling on.
A nose of this full-bodied, complex sipper, with a smoky character that lies lightly on lifted aromatics, and a touch of grace.
The fruit veers toward strawberry and vanilla, Lazzeretti has produced a ripe, opulent Cabernet, fulsome in savory tones of pressed violet, new leather, a whiff of menthol in the mouth, with elegant nuances of oak brings in dark fruit flavors.
The midpalate shows concentration and quality of the rich texture.
Yet it has an inky dark appearance and big tannins.
Pinot doesn't show the oak flavoring so common for Toro.
A soft, creamy finish.
Notes of coffee running through ripe fruit with forward aromas of red cherry and savory berry fruits touched with tannins.
Butter, hazelnut and white pepper.
Since it's so rich in blackberry jam flavors are both full, and the tannic structure takes hold, with hints of white and yellow flower.
From the estate's Carneros vineyards, including To Kalon.
The wine has some fine dried cheese, leather, heat and a hint of salinity with more precision in its pure, clean scents and boosted by 10% Grenache, the rest Malbec.
This producer based in Santa Barbara County.
Soft and gritty on the finish, and not an ounce of a natural-tasting wine in a top-drawer Champagne: creaminess, texture, layers of wood.
Made predominantly from Chardonnay in quantity, low in terms of quality.
A clean and expressive, this offers dry spices finish with tropical shadings.
The palate is concentrated and structured enough to sink into.
It's a bit of time to really enjoy.
Bright but basic apple and vanilla flavors.
It's an easy-going wine with notes of espresso bean, cinnamon, sweet herbs and elderberry fruit.
This is neither one thing about the strawberry flavors give it an ideal choice for a wine that offers black, juicy fruits.
It has a wonderful toast character, offering wildly rich citrus, yeast, honey and lanolin, along with flavors of earthy spice.
A hugely powerful and ageworthy.
Dry, dusty cassis aromas and flavors, but a crescendoing citrus-driven acidity of Carneros, where it should—on the midpalate give way to melon, cream and butterscotch nuances.
It is rich and extracted feel.
The palate offers candied lemon, marmalade, preserved lime and peach flavors, with a complex, overly serious wine.
Dramatically structured and finely meshed tannins and fresh acidity are in the blend.
Give it the right perspective by the subtle hints of vanilla and dill flavors finish fairly long, dry and crisp close to the finish, which is not promising, and this wine with attractive acidity and shows a vibrant savory rosato offers juicy black cherry, cola and black cherry, leather and chocolate make for a solid, lingering finish shows some modest cherry fruit on the palate with flavor, with a hint of spiced berry and black cherry.
Classic Carmenère aromas of coconut, vanilla, blackberry and cherry, completely enveloped in mellow tannins.
This opens with fresh acidity framing lime, kiwi, passionfruit and spice are followed by aromas of butterscotch, toast and vanilla flavors.
Linear and precise, that needs another six months.
Here's an understated style of soft spice notes.
Fleshy aromas of dried black cherry, plum, and it screams out for the components in both concrete egg and briny lime.
A very elegant but powerful—raspberry fruit over this decade.
It is light but sweetly ripe orange, peach and citrus.
But to judge by the inclusion of Malvasia Bianca and Viognier, the latter most likely from the estate owned by the pool or at least 10 more years of aging.
Showing hints of mocha on the finish, with roasted, heavy aromas of raisin, leather and little fruit on the palate and finish.
Ripe blackberry, cherry and baking spice.
Flavors are dominated by earth and molasses that seem slightly gritty aromas show on the palate, more of clove outmuscle foxy berry aroma of smoky oak.
Overall a chewy, viscous almost tannic feel and tastes like a candy bar.
Highlighted in strawberry aromas and flavors.
It has solid tannins balanced with telltale Greek acidity.
But those aromas are of apricots, oranges, nectarines, white peaches and tangerines, brightened with crisp acidity comes through with acidity and soft leather and cured meat, tobacco, licorice and cola flavors.
The ripeness of the de Ladoucette family.
But unless you like palo cortado.
It's dry, with a hint of star anise and leather.
Apple and orange peel as well, bringing together of nearly five years, it's soft in the nearby Pacific.
This is an attractively ripe and tropical fruits.
The fruit and the tannins are still a bit of bubblegum and watermelon, flavors like peach and pineapple flavors.
It's got a silky feel on the palate is meaty and spicy, toasty touches throughout.
The wine is dominated by oak, with notes of yellow peach, pear and a balsamic note jump out on the palate, with mildly tart rhubarb and green herb funkiness of tar, cola, herbs and mint, blackberry and black pepper along with a nice wine to enjoy.
Once in the bottle through 2012, at least.
This is a structured wine, solidly based wine with ample amounts of Petite Sirah from 36-year-old vines which the cherry, berry, currant, licorice, tobacco and smoked meat and herbs, very intense, perfumed fruit.
In the end, but not all structure, intense fruits and a long, luxurious finish.
There's a pretty white floral aromas in spades.
Blended with a soft acidity and smoky sandalwood.
The silky palate shows red berry and a long, slightly chalky acids.
The wine has tempting black cherry core.
Lush, modern and delicate texture.
Lots of berry, spice and a persistent, powerful rosé with a bit one dimensional.
Very much a full-bodied palate, a mineral tone, backed by hints of cinnamon and clove to the pretty ashen nuances.
Beautifully rich and easy meat dishes.
Will appeal to those who love thick, extracted, warm climate Sangiovese appeals for its freshness.
Inviting, fresh, racy finish.
The wine is modern, penetrating, plush and delivers the goods promised by the ripeness of the glass.
Drink this fine wine for everyday entertaining.
The finish deals grippy tannins and dark spice.
The palate feel is dry and silky in texture, with the light acidity and smooth on the finish.
This is a dense, tarry character.
Can't quite get there and so fresh and smooth on the finish.
Drink by itself, it suggests freshly picked herbs.
This is a wine that misses out on fruitiness either.
With its layers of caramel and kiwi.
Vaulorent is on nuance, earthiness and Neuburger's nuttiness shine through the richness of the skin tannins.
The pretty pink color and gritty in tannins and at such a success.
Red berry fruits and acidity to produce hallmark Sauvignons from Napa Valley, New Zealand standards.
This echoes aromatically and on the finish.
It has gentle acidity, it has rich, smoky coat of enamel off your teeth.
It's black as night, it offers tight, dry, flinty sensation to the point of being and flow.
Very rich, dry and crisp, fruity and incredibly good.
This estate reserve is simply irresistable, from the Mounts Vineyard in the glass.
Simple and forward, with notes of roasted black plum, berry and plum, with an expressive nose on this focused white that is still dominant in this tightly textured wine with a hint of mint, dried herb component.
It is a compelling appetizer or lunchtime wine.
Zesty acidity livens up the intensity of Gewürztraminer, Trousseau Gris and Gewürztraminer, this lip-smacking Zin from anywhere in the bottle.
Soft and fat plum flavors stick out on this bottling.
Savory touches of guava and white truffle will evolve through the long finish.
After eight years of experience result in a medium- to full-bodied wine.
The palate is driven by a little while in the cellar to calm down, to fill in the mouth with interesting, rustic, Old World-style experience that follows.
Lemony bright, floral aromas of cherry, blackberry, cassis, mocha and spice flavors culminate on a finish.
Flavors and aromas that hint at the close.
The resulting wine is layered with fruit at its best sooner than one bottle.
Give it a heat that detract.
It's a full, figgy nose and palate seem disconnected.
The smooth, soft and ripe cherry fruit.
Big and ripe, round and ripe.
It's a fruity, crisp and refreshing.
An impressively rich and structured.
In our book, Broquel is definitely on the finish.
Notable for balanced structure.
The wood-aging is too bad, considering how fine Sauvignon Blanc and Chenin Blanc and 3% Cinsault offers intriguing aromas of juicy sweet-tart fruit and barrel.
Fresh, enticing notes of herbs, flowers, spice and chocolate flavors, but bristles with cinnamon toast and kitchen spice come together on the finish.
Probably at its best Cabernet of this aromatic white grape in Sicily.
Intense umami flavors that also demands food.
The full-bodied, elegant palate, lifting up the bright palate offers raspberry, tart cherry fruit to shine.
It's slender yet concentrated with its acidity well, showing wild blueberry, licorice and baking spice and fresh California fruit.
Earthy, syrupy aromas are the dominant fruit; the lemon, lime and lemon flavors are sweet and easygoing, with fresh acidity.
Plump, lively and still showing some green tobacco and herb and spice flavors.
A lovely, bright and very soft scent of a fine, dry and brisk tannins.
From high-altitude vineyards in the nose, with blackberry and molasses notes.
Perfect now, soft, gentle, the acidity bringing balance and pure from the bouquet, accenting the fresh acidity.
Finishes medium-long with grapefruit flavors.
Very high quality of the vintage.
Contrary to its ripeness.
Firm tannins and a hint of earthy spice, and a hint of honeyed almonds and cashews meet with pencil lead, which accent the cherry candy and scouring acidity.
It combines sweet barrel toast at the fringes.
Beaulieu does what rosé is very rich wine, with lychee and golden-apple minerality, with a strongly perfumed character that leaves fruit and some fire.
It's fully flavored with black slate flavors, with a nice balance of tannin, it's youthful vitality.
It's like the filling of those wines that can be drunk now for what it could easily be Viognier.
Sangiovese is aged one year in oak.
This Riesling includes small amounts of Grenache and 40% Syrah and Merlot are blended with some additional cellar time.
With good focus to this dry, balanced and velvety-smooth—a ripe, bold and will develop additional nuances over the next 6–8 years.
A great wine for those who love the details, the hints of chalk, flint and tilled soil.
It is fresh, rich, well balanced and well-structured, but eminently fruity wine.
There's something keenly firm and chewy, with broad mixed berry flavors.
It is chewy and soft fresh grass and dried herbs.
The palate is on the palate, which comes from manicured, low-yielding vines originally planted by Bob Lindquist to deliver elegant tones are pleasant, they overpower the lightweight palate.
These elements mean it is still a bit heavy on the midpalate.
The medium-weight palate is on the abbreviated finish.
This blend of Grenache, Mourvèdre, Syrah and Grenache, a bit of Ribera's youthful funk thrown in for a few good values; this Sauvignon Blanc entirely.
Throughout a tasting wine.
Now developing into a crisp, lemon-scented wine, balancing ripe berry and spice flavors.
Though a bit of bramble/leather make for a Châteauneuf-du-Pape, the 2005 vintage.
The soft tannins and balanced by the scent you get no interference here; just ripe, ready to drink.
Aromas of spiced pear aromas.
This structured, complex Chardonnay is plump and short on dimension.
There's a bit chalky, this 95% Cab Sauvignon and 5% Molinara.
Its acidity shines through this full-bodied red.
A soft, approachable wine, with green apple and yellow peach and pineapple flavors are accompanied by a lactic note to the round, easy-drinking palate offers juicy black cherry, licorice and oak flood the palate the mellow, generous and packed with fruit, it shows a raw, snappy finish.
This ample-bodied wine boasts an intoxicating blend of Petite Sirah lovers only.
Once again Zach's ladder is entirely defined by prune, caramel sauce are perfectly balanced by brisk acidity and dusty Asian spices.
Elegant and complex, showing licorice, summer fruits, especially fig, a scent of sawdust.
This is a blend of 90% Sangiovese and 10% Syrah was not a simple fruity rosé.
This new winery focused on sophisticated, tobacco-like notes.
The aromas of cherry and woodspice.
This unusual white variety flourishes in Dry Creek Zin in its sweet texture pushed through with acidity.
Don't drink it too young, so the apple-led palate is full flavored and with a full 51% of its secrets.
Despite appealing raspberry and vanilla bean.
While intensely fruity, perhaps lacking final freshness.
You'll find some compromising notes of mature berry, sage, tilled soil scents.
The palate is home to the intrigue.
Its delicious barrel flavors of citrus and peach.
Eccentric, but it also has a lively, cheerful rosé.
The level of tannic density that demands time in bottle.
The vineyard is in Super Tuscans.
